Some people say it is the dead who are unhappy about where they are buried.
Some people say it is the healthy eel to eat for sushi.
Some people say it is the most famous painting in the world.
Some people say it is the most famous private home in the world .
Some people say it is the packagers' problem.
Some people say it is the tree's spirit, or a nature spirit living inside the tree, that causes it.
Some people say it is unfair that some major league teams can pay bigger salaries than other teams.
Some people say it is ungovernable .
Some people say it is waffling but other people say it is lecturing. .
Some people say it is way off and some say it is a bit weird.
Some people say it like it's a slang word.
Some people say it never came back, but it keeps showing up.
Some people say it originally came from Thailand.
Some people say it prevents disease.
Some people say it refers to the activity, while voluntarism speaks to the nonprofit setting.
Some people say it relieves tension.
Some people say it represents the sun.
Some people say it s a bit chauvinistic to have that girl on the skates.
Some people say it s about eliminating child poverty.
Some people say it s an inevitable side effect of economic expansion and urban reinvestment.
Some people say it s because the media are liberal.
Some people say it s generational.
Some people say it s heavy metal ska.
Some people say it smells a little bit like a fish and chip shop going past.
Some people say it smells like butterscotch.
Some people say it sounds like they are underwater.
Some people say it sounds sort of unprofessional, while others say it is catchy and fun.
Some people say it takes away from the tradition of film.
Some people say it takes time to heal the pain.
Some people say it threatens life on Earth, others say it is nothing but a myth.
Some people say it violates a federal law that keeps student records confidential.
Some people say it was a big tragedy.
Some people say it was a breeze and others have so much pain.
Some people say it was a pity.
Some people say it was an accident.
Some people say it was caused by a bout with malaria.
Some people say it was sabotage.
Some people say it was the window-smashing that made the protest a hot media story.
Some people say it was too dry later on.
Some people say it works ok, but there have been reported problems with it.
Some people say it works.
Some people say it'll make the fight over abortion look like a picnic.
Some people say it's a bunch of hot air.
Some people say it's a good thing, some people say that it's a bad thing.
Some people say it's a mean song.
Some people say it's a pipe dream.
Some people say it's a soup out there of chemicals.
Some people say it's a thankless task.
Some people say it's a virus.
Some people say it's about sales.
Some people say it's about toys.
Some people say it's about tradition.
Some people say it's all about money, but that's too simple.
Some people say it's all because the Ramtops are the home of old, wild magic.
Some people say it's all very silly, and yes, that is exactly what it is.
Some people say it's an enchanted place where warm feelings of peace and calm fill every guest.
Some people say it's an even more difficult venue to play in.
Some people say it's any book that's easy to read.
Some people say it's because climbers' personalities tend to be deviant.
Some people say it's because of TV ads, and some say that assumption is a fallacy.
Some people say it's camp as if that explains everything.
Some people say it's chelation, other say citrates or lactates.
Some people say it's Chinese music.
Some people say it's foolish to.
Some people say it's for the dead to play.
Some people say it's great some people hate it.
Some people say it's great to see an intelligent tenor.
Some people say it's important who is in power because it can make a difference to what happens.
Some people say it's in the knees, some say it's in the hips, some say it's in the feet.
Some people say it's just as bad as childbirth without anesthesia.
Some people say it's Korean fusion of hip-hop.
Some people say it's like ballet, but that's bullshit.
Some people say it's like the wind.
Some people say it's luck.
Some people say it's lunacy.
Some people say it's make-believe, some say it's true.
Some people say it's more elegant.
Some people say it's more uncomfortable than painful.
Some people say it's one comma in a series of three items, but others say two.
Some people say it's possible now to have a dialogue with a voice-recognition system.
Some people say it's racism.
Some people say it's sneaky.
Some people say it's something else.
Some people say it's spooky and dark in the cabins.
Some people say it's the best book ever written for beginning meditators.
Some people say it's the biggest squeeze ever.
Some people say it's the difference between friends forever or enemies for life.
Some people say it's the most rewarding thing they do.
Some people say it's the quickest way to make millions.
Some people say it's the seniors.
Some people say it's the small stadium.
Some people say it's the weather, some people say it's the military.
Some people say it's the worst pain they've ever had, but that's really an exaggeration.
Some people say it's ugly, even overkill.
Some people say it's unfortunate.
Some people say it's user-friendly.
Some people say Japan is already a military power.
Some people say jogging is addictive.
Some people say jogging or exercise is good too.
Some people say journalism is a profession.
Some people say keeping it off is better for the computer, and others say keeping it on is better.
Some people say large universities offer opportunities for a more diverse group of friends.
Some people say lawn mowers are too loud too.
Some people say lemon prevents browning.
Some people say let's close it.
Some people say lettuce is lettuce.
Some people say Madrid is the most exciting and the most beautiful city.
Some people say man in the most dangerous animal on the planet.
Some people say man is the most dangerous animal on the planet.
Some people say marriage is give and take.
Some people say more, some less.
Some people say more.
Some people say nature is cold and heartless.
Some people say never send anything confidential or private over the Internet.
Some people say no way, others say definitely.
Some people say no.
Some people say none.
Some people say Nothing is ever Black and white Just shades of gray.
Some people say nothing, though they're kind.
Some people say nuns are almost invisible today.
Some people say once a week for a few weeks, some say once a day for a week.
Some people say one sees what one wants to see through the light of faith.
Some people say one thing behind the back and another in public.
Some people say organic foods are also safer since they don t contain hazardous pesticides.
Some people say other lifters have gotten gifts from referees.
Some people say pageants are political.
Some people say panhandling hurts the cause of homelessness.
Some people say Park Lake in Santa Rosa has the largest free swimming pool in the world.
Some people say passing a kidney stone is like giving birth.
Some people say peace is the absence of war .
Some people say peace is the absence of war.
Some people say perhaps too close.
Some people say philately is stamp collecting.
Some people say picking bluebonnets is against the law.
Some people say pictures are worth a thousand words.
Some people say pirate, some people say businessperson.
Some people say pointers are crazy, others say it is their owners.
Some people say polypeptide instead of protein.
Some people say porn makes people want to go out and rape.
Some people say quickness.
Some people say rain dripping from the crown and dropline of the tree also affects plants around it.
Some people say reading extensively is really helpful.
Some people say religion has nothing to do with sports.
Some people say rock art is mainly totemism, territorial, or depictions of daily life - doodles.
Some people say rooms are really shaded and dark.
Some people say Shively's situation is unique.
Some people say shoot first, ask questions later.
Some people say Silicon Valley is a soulless place.
Some people say sisters argue.
Some people say skydiving is better than sex.
Some people say sleeping through the night is midnight to five o'clock.
Some people say small farms are dead.
Some people say smoking can reduce stress.
Some people say so.
Some people say society is becoming more litigious.
Some people say some one else's, others say some one's else.
Some people say somebody is making bad medicine.
Some people say Southern girls are raised to be beauty queens.
Some people say spending money on direct mailing is most important.
Some people say spin is lying.
Some people say spit tobacco is ok because there's no smoke, like a cigarette has.
Some people say stupid old bear.
Some people say teen-age moms are forced to grow up too quickly.
Some people say television helped.
Some people say tempeh takes on the flavor of foods it is cooked with.
Some people say test scores go down when teachers use technology.
Some people say Texas is another country.
Some people say that a bachelor's degree is no longer just a four-year process.
Some people say that a bloody footprint sometimes appears in one of the bed-chambers.
Some people say that a coastline has infinite length .
Some people say that a cow has four stomachs.
Some people say that a dream is just something that one wakes up from.
Some people say that a mouth full of obscenities is a result of an uneducated mind.
Some people say that a picture is worth a thousand downloads.
Some people say that ableism is a form of oppression .
Some people say that ableism is a form of oppression.
Some people say that about what's happening to rural America, too.
Some people say that academics are the heart of the university.
Some people say that advertising is a waste of money.
Some people say that affluence leads to many addictions.
Some people say that aging is like wine, the older the better.
Some people say that all things are interconnected.
Some people say that America is a Christian nation.
Some people say that an ocean wave Is separate from the sea.
Some people say that Anchorage is the largest native village in Alaska.
Some people say that anti-pollution laws discourage the growth of jobs and industry.
Some people say that anvil shooting originated during the time of American settlers.
Some people say that any type of physical discipline constitutes abuse.
Some people say that as they put on their makeup, a change in their personality takes place.
Some people say that Aussies talk through their noses, giving a nasal twang to their words.
Some people say that babies are too small to have minds.
Some people say that baseball has gone insane.
Some people say that black cats cause bad luck.
Some people say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Some people say that Bride means fiery arrow.
Some people say that bullying is just part of growing up.
Some people say that Cambodia is too small to be affected by the current regional crisis.
Some people say that cat lovers, particularly older people live longer and lead healthier lives.
Some people say that cats are sneaky, evil, and cruel.
Some people say that celebrity eclipses everything.
Some people say that cheap, fast and good are mutually exclusive terms.
Some people say that chimpanzees are the closest relitave to man.
Some people say that collimated light is focused at infinity .
Some people say that collimated light is focused at infinity.
Some people say that colonics wash out intestinal flora and valuable nutrients.
Some people say that coming out of the trees was a big mistake.
Some people say that computers have become so standardized that they are just a commodity.
Some people say that contemporary music helps the church grow as long as the words are fine.
Some people say that creativity is born out of much pain, suffering and darkness.
Some people say that cycling speed is also very important in a ram.
Some people say that declawing a cat is cruel.
Some people say that disinfecting files is a bad idea.
Some people say that doing squats with anything in their tummy is barf city.
Some people say that dolphins are more intelligent than humans.
Some people say that driving north is boring.
Some people say that educators have high standards, but in fact educators have no standards at all.
Some people say that electronic music is the future of rock.
Some people say that enzymes work like a key in a lock.
Some people say that eternal Hellfire is unjust.
Some people say that everyone is put on the Earth for a reason.
Some people say that everything's bigger in Texas.
Some people say that evolution holds science together, and it s the whole fabric of science.
Some people say that faith walks out when fatigue walks in.
Some people say that falling in love is a state of denial.
Some people say that feeling is reduced.
Some people say that fighting is part and parcel of marital life.
Some people say that folders are directories.
Some people say that foods made with substitutes never taste as good as the real thing.
Some people say that French women are born beautiful.
Some people say that girls are better than boys.
Some people say that goalies are a little off the wall.
Some people say that gold is the most recycled material in the world.
Some people say that guilt is a useless emotion.
Some people say that hard works pays off.
Some people say that HTML is source code, and some people say that it's a document.
Some people say that human rights in other countries is none of our business.
Some people say that if the juices run clear when pricked with a fork, the bird is cooked.
Some people say that in an expression of joy.
Some people say that in junior high, it is important to spend time developing social relationships.
Some people say that Ireland is a club.
Some people say that is harmless, but an affair is an affair.
Some people say that is high, some people say that is low.
Some people say that it belongs at home, while others argue for it in classrooms.
Some people say that it came from overseas.
Some people say that it comes from Haiti.
Some people say that it feels like a band tightening around their head.
Some people say that it feels like resting on a cloud.
Some people say that it indicates bad luck only for farmers.
Some people say that it is a natural property.
Some people say that it is a revision of the Puritan ethic.
Some people say that it is a way to prevent certain people from watching certain types of programs.
Some people say that it is difficult to believe that any god created religion.
Some people say that it is rubbish because of how slow it runs.
Some people say that it is the twin sister of the Earth.
Some people say that it nearly rolls itself back up.
Some people say that it stands for good fortune, which is an interpretation of everyday people.
Some people say that it was a modification or influenced by portuquese music.
Some people say that it was beginner's luck.
Some people say that it was scarlet fever or meningitis.
Some people say that it's all relative.
Some people say that it's because of the weight of the butter.
Some people say that it's going downhill .
Some people say that it's impossible to hug a memory.
Some people say that jellyfish look like aliens.
Some people say that keeping potash at high levels is like having money in the bank.
Some people say that kind of information is over the top.
Some people say that kissing is a sin.
Some people say that language is culture, and in many ways it's true.
Some people say that larvae of ladybug looks like tiny alligator.
Some people say that laughter is the best medicine.
Some people say that like it's a bad thing.
Some people say that marriage is the tomb of love.
Some people say that mathematics is the science of patterns.
Some people say that mediation is only a waste of time.
Some people say that meditation is only a waste of time.
Some people say that moving clocks run fast .
Some people say that no high school truly prepares their graduates for college.
Some people say that no news is good news.
Some people say that no one can do anything about that.
Some people say that nuclear power generation is indispensable in order to stop global warming.
Some people say that number is too low, while others say it's too high.
Some people say that nurses are particularly susceptible to becoming codependent.
Some people say that older workers are less able or willing to learn new skills.
Some people say that one can develop supernormal capabilities through the practice of qigong.
Some people say that one dose of poison can kill ten full grown men.
Some people say that only ugly people work in radio.
Some people say that outlining the chords is the more intellectual approach.
Some people say that paintball is disruptive to our youth.
Some people say that pitching is the most crucial element for any team.
Some people say that planetary exploration is a luxury.
Some people say that plants have some kind of feeling or cognitive power.
Some people say that pornography is only fantasy.
Some people say that pot is a stepping stone to harder drugs.
Some people say that prejudice is like a poison that makes people treat others in a negative way.
Some people say that private places are the places covered by a bathing suit.
Some people say that psychoanalysis is like a religion.
Some people say that punk rock is dead .
Some people say that punk rock is dead.
Some people say that reds and oranges are exciting and shades of blue are soothing.
Some people say that rock music has evil roots.
Some people say that rock music promotes juvenile delinquency.
Some people say that running the fish down the toilet is really cruel to the fish.
Some people say that school is one way of putting of the reality of auditioning for jobs.
Some people say that science contradicts religion and destroys faith or spirituality.
Some people say that selection is an art.
Some people say that shoes are the first thing a lady notices when talking to a man.
Some people say that sin is harmless.
Some people say that singing is all about the breath.
Some people say that some of the older watches are better-made.
Some people say that some people are so heavenly minded that they are no earthly good.
Some people say that some sins are more serious than others.
Some people say that spanking is child abuse.
Some people say that sports are a metaphor for life.
Some people say that sprawl is merely the natural result of market forces at work.
Some people say that spraying their gardens with a garlic extract keeps cats at bay.
Some people say that steaming weakens the wood.
Some people say that stock trading has become the new national pastime.
Some people say that strengths actually equal weaknesses.
Some people say that students take part-time jobs only for money.
Some people say that such learning only happens in Italy.
Some people say that supplements are things that are found in food.
Some people say that taking drugs heightens the pleasurable feelings of touching and kissing.
Some people say that taxes are too high.
Some people say that technical writing is completely non-creative.
Some people say that Texas is like a whole other country.
Some people say that that is how they wish to live their lives.
Some people say that the answer is to remove the limits on restitution.
Some people say that the atomic bombs actually saved many lives.
Some people say that the best and most efficient user interface is already in the market.
Some people say that the best singing happens in a private room.
Some people say that the Bible was just for people a long time ago.
Some people say that the characters are stereotypical.
Some people say that the church has never faced a challenge as great as the one it faces today.
Some people say that the current system gives rich donors an unfair influence over the election.
Some people say that the different lenses really help to focus on the ball.
Some people say that the end is at hand.
Some people say that the face was built by some ancient civilization.
Some people say that the family is changing.
Some people say that the first pizza came from Italy, but others argue that it came from Greece.
Some people say that the greatest difference between people is in what they anticipate.
Some people say that the hostile condition can be attributed to that time of month.
Some people say that the idea of trusting political leaders is gone anyway.
Some people say that the Internet is like a huge public library with no card catalog.
Some people say that the low salaries are a disincentive.
Some people say that the mall is commercially zoned and therefore anything commercial can go there.
Some people say that the milk of a cow or goat is also part of the body.
Some people say that the nutrients in the soil, especially the potassium, are a factor too.
Some people say that the original name of the community was Huntsville.
Some people say that the play is cursed.
Some people say that the role of the church is to convert, baptize and make members of the churrh.
Some people say that the spices are a bit overpowering and others can t wait for the next sip.
Some people say that the stars above Are nothing but some light.
Some people say that the strike zone was lowered to fit pitches.
Some people say that the sushi and sashimi prepared at the open sushi bar are the best in Baltimore.
Some people say that the tone of the flute brings romance to the ears of all who hear.
Some people say that the toughest job to get is the first one.
Some people say that the toughest part was waking up after a comfortable rest.
Some people say that the universe is just a ball.
Some people say that the vocables of a taraanaa are words of mystic poetry.
Some people say that the web is a graphical medium.
Some people say that their fillings tingle during the scan.
Some people say that there are disorder genes.
Some people say that there is a renaissance in poetry going on across the country.
Some people say that there is corruption in the way senir jobs are filled.
Some people say that there is no clear distinction between a solid and a liquid in general.
Some people say that there is no Western tradition of meditation.
Some people say that there is nothing new in the present predicament.
Some people say that there is or has been a selunding orchestra, others deny it.
Some people say that they are fed up with Bosnia.
Some people say that they are the future of the church.
Some people say that they are the 'most advanced' invertebrates.
Some people say that they can hear a lobster squealing as it is put into a boiling pot.
Some people say that they eat soil to fill their stomachs when little food is available.
Some people say that they feel like they're watching themselves in a TV show or movie.
Some people say that they give a trophy for winning practice.
Some people say that they have seen lungfish eating plants.
Some people say that they just popped up out of nowhere.
Some people say that they wear their clothes backwards and wear their shoes on the wrong feet.
Some people say that they'll be ready to go when it's their turn to go.
Some people say that they've ruined America's attention span and taught kids to kill.
Some people say that things happen for a reason.
Some people say that thrift stores are full of junk.
Some people say that tickers aren t accurate.
Some people say that time alters everything.
Some people say that tube amps color the sound.
Some people say that unrequited love is the purest form of adoration.
Some people say that using too much fat free or sugarless foods is bad for one s health.
Some people say that Virginia spent too much time at the horse races.
Some people say that voting for a third party candidate is just throwing a vote away.
Some people say that voting is a citizen s duty.
Some people say that walking sticks can spit poison like a praying mantis.
Some people say that welfare programs have caused single- parent families.
Some people say that what creates the largest runs are when the days grow shorter.
Some people say that when a person dies, a crow carries their soul over to the land of the dead.
Some people say that with a smirk, but it's really true.
Some people say that with today's technology, the cowboy is a dying breed.
Some people say that without women life is easier, is without problems, or quarrels.
Some people say that, right.
Some people say that, The Bible is an ancient book written for another time.
Some people say that.
Some people say that's a revision of the Puritan ethic.
Some people say that's a Road To Nowhere, a real Swamp.
Some people say that's a sign of how far the three-time series champ has fallen.
Some people say that's a weakness.
Some people say that's being opinionated.
Some people say that's bound to change.
Some people say that's coddling the student-athletes.
Some people say that's good.
Some people say that's the cost of progress.
Some people say that's too much, others say it's too little.
Some people say the animals are fictional.
Some people say the answer is to use less technology.
Some people say the appreciation of franchise values confirms baseball's economic health.
Some people say the balls represent cherries.
Some people say the berry pickers damage the blueberry bushes.
Some people say the best way to deal with hate speech is to have more speech so it can be debated.
Some people say the best way to improve schools is to make the class sizes smaller.
Some people say the camera is hard to use.
Some people say the can walk on the forest canopy like a side walk since there are so many trees.
Some people say the cap was found a county away, others say just a few blocks.
Some people say the cars are running too fast at Atlanta.
Some people say the church has too many doctrines.
Some people say the death penalty is cruel and unusual punishment.
Some people say the devil is bound to a chain in hell.
Some people say the difference is size.
Some people say the dog is too young to learn.
Some people say the end is near.
Some people say the end justifies the means.
Some people say the end of the world is coming.
Some people say the federal government is the nation's biggest polluter.
Some people say the fish have whiskers.
Some people say the foliage smells like apples.
Some people say the government is having problems coping with the situation .
Some people say the government is having problems coping with the situation.
Some people say the Greens are idealists.
Some people say the happiness way is something that hard to find.
Some people say the hardest part of volunteering is finding out where they can volunteer.
Some people say the health warnings on cigarette packs are discouragement enough.
Some people say the highest or purest enjoyment of leisure is the experience of doing nothing.
Some people say the house has more windows on the outside than on the inside.
Some people say the indigestion's made better when they take an antacid like the reflux group.
Some people say the island is indeed enchanted.
Some people say the keyboard is tacky.
Some people say the moon is water.
Some people say the most important sex organ is the brain.
Some people say the mutual fund industry is so out of touch that it's headed for extinction.
Some people say the nicest things about our consoles.
Some people say the nicest things.
Some people say the odor is similar to a rotten egg or a skunk.
Some people say the only good snake is a dead snake.
Some people say the only way they retain information is to cram it.
Some people say the patches look like vomit from a dog or other animal.
Some people say the place best to start a story is at the beginning.
Some people say the president has an important role to play in handling education and the schools.
Some people say the president was personally involved.
Some people say the projected image is clearer.
Some people say the rabbits are bait-shy, but that's only part of it.
Some people say the ride is like driving a go-cart down a mountain.
Some people say the right question is worth a lot more than the right answer.
Some people say the rivalry is little more than hype.
Some people say the salad is served on a bed of lettuce and others say that tomatoes are the base.
Some people say the same thing about pine shavings, which also contain some volatile oils.
Some people say the same thing about Warren.
Some people say the scenery and conversation is what makes King fishing so much fun.
Some people say the shortwave bands are dead during the summer months.
Some people say the shows are just boring.
Some people say the steamer needs to have a great deal of water, and use a drum.
Some people say the stock market is too unstable and therefore is similar to gambling.
Some people say the streets of Atlanta are paved with gold and they are.
Some people say the sun is a big ball of fire.
Some people say the surrounding neighborhoods represent the problems of the world.
Some people say the symptoms are much like having a bad case of the flu.
Some people say the town's growth is causing the tension.
Some people say the truth hurts.
Some people say the twining knots represent the interconnectedness of all life.
Some people say the two approaches are similar.
Some people say the university's action is OK because anyone who want access can get it.
Some people say the utility industry is boring.
Some people say the very same thing about mathematics.
Some people say the Web is a great equalizer.
Some people say the word exclaims when something's raised up high.
Some people say the word in conjunction with their breathing.
Some people say the world is coming to an end then, and perhaps sooner.
Some people say the worst is yet to come and some people say the sport used to be rougher.
Some people say their howling brings the rain.
Some people say their is one, but they just do it for attention.
Some people say their mouth feels mossy.
Some people say their writing changes all the time.
Some people say there are all shorts in Sheepshead Bay.
Some people say there are eight types, as domed mountains can be a plutonic dome or a tectonic dome.
Some people say there are evil influences on the net.
Some people say there are no adventures anymore.
Some people say there are no atheists in trench warfare.
Some people say there are twenty developing nations with ballistic missile development programs.
Some people say there are two types of women, coaches' wives and non-coaches' wives.
Some people say there has been no genuine recovery in the sectors that really matter.
Some people say there is a hidden message in it.
Some people say there is no difference as far as personality goes.
Some people say there is no haughty ghost, but a mere piece of plastic caught on a branch.
Some people say there is no such thing as balancing the soil.
Some people say there s no such thing as coincidence.
Some people say there's no such thing as bisexuality.
Some people say there's nothing to do in Toledo.
Some people say they are a cult.
Some people say they are artificial entities.
Some people say they are as good, or better, than the walleye as an eating fish.
Some people say they are best done daily.
Some people say they are built like a greyhound.
Some people say they are constipated when hard stools are passed.
Some people say they are dangerous and other say they are harmless.
Some people say they are getting used to the smells, noise and occasional dust shower.
Some people say they are just too busy to go through the extra work the check requires.
Some people say they are methane gas that comes from ground and burns in the air .
Some people say they are methane gas that comes from ground and burns in the air.
Some people say they are of the great crowd when they really mean they are of the other sheep.
Some people say they are smarter than dogs.
Some people say they are still found in Florida.
Some people say they are too busy.
Some people say they avoid shopping centers and other crowded places.
Some people say they believe in the Bible.
Some people say they can brace themselves if involved in an accident.
Some people say they can notice changes as small as a third of a degree.
Some people say they can see auras.
Some people say they can sense when others are going to die.
Some people say they can speak in other tongues.
Some people say they can stop drinking if they want to.
Some people say they can t see it.
Some people say they d like to grow some of their own food but don t have any place for it.
Some people say they do something, but they really do a lot.
Some people say they don t receive the checks in the mail.
Some people say they find gyms intimidating.
Some people say they found hope in the wake of the tragedy.
Some people say they get more satisfaction from games than their jobs.
Some people say they got what they deserved for their wickedness.
Some people say they grow tired at the end of the day because of radiation.
Some people say they hate alpha heroes because alphas tend to be domineering.
Some people say they hate to read.
Some people say they have already recognised a change in the professor.
Some people say they have been anxious their whole lives.
Some people say they have lost fish to birds like fish hawks and herons.
Some people say they just jump in and write the book without writing a synopsis.
Some people say they know it instinctively.
Some people say they know their jobs so well that they can do it with their eyes closed.
Some people say they like animals because animals show unconditional love.
Some people say they like it.
Some people say they never forget a face.
Some people say they only like solid colored shirts.
Some people say they pet a cat or dog and their blood pressure goes down.
Some people say they prefer a text-only interface.
Some people say they re too busy.
Some people say they re vegetarians because they don t eat steak or hamburgers.
Some people say they read for escapism and consequently choose only light romances.
Some people say they see things in three spatial dimensions.
Some people say they serve the best pizza anywhere .
Some people say they sleep through the night regularly for the first time in their lives.
Some people say they still see the camel riding through Death Valley.
Some people say they think too much.
Some people say they wake up thinking they work for Silicon Valley.
Some people say they want it all, poetically.
Some people say they want to know.
Some people say they want to live to be one hundred, but is that part of their mission.
Some people say they want to preserve the land in question.
Some people say they work primarily for the money.
Some people say they're a stupid trend, but others say they help in bed.
Some people say they're afraid of the board's reaction.
Some people say they're doing nothing, but they do everything.
Some people say they're low, that a million trout died that day.
Some people say they're very amused.
Some people say they've seen it all.
Some people say thirty hours.
Some people say three days, others a week.
Some people say Tibet is a treasure trove, and with good reason.
Some people say time differences are annoying.
Some people say to find a creative person, look in the mirror.
Some people say to scrape it right back down to the base.
Some people say to take robitussin cough liquid.
Some people say to use both.
Some people say to use the magic wand.
Some people say to use treated waste waters to wash off crops.
Some people say to wear safety goggles and a facial mask or as alternative, the cutting box.
Some people say too many are on the market.
Some people say too much, whatever comes to mind.
Some people say turnover is going to go up.
Some people say two or three steps.
Some people say two, maybe three years, four years.
Some people say use books to bring out voice.
Some people say use only pigmented ink for all ink jet printing because it lasts longer.
Some people say video gambling is an addiction.
Some people say way of life is money.
Some people say web music sucks.
Some people say webpage promotion, and some say website promotion.
Some people say weighing in daily is bad.
Some people say whaling by industrial countries is wrong.
Some people say what a pessimistic future it shows, and others say what an optimistic future.
Some people say when in doubt , use bin mode.
Some people say windsurfing is hard to learn.
Some people say with death comes rebirth and transformation.
Some people say without question while others still doubt.
Some people say yes and some people say no.
Some people say yes others say no.
Some people say yes, others no.
Some people say yes.
Some people say Zaire, some people say Haiti.
Some people say zero rest mass to avoid any confusion.
Some people say, 'Ah, the environmentalists.
Some people say, It s just a family thing.
Some people say, Let s pray about that, and they don t pray right away.
Some people say, oh, but the minerals are important as well as making the water taste good.
Some people say, 'organic,' but it's more than that.
Some people say, stop and smell the roses.
Some people say, that emails also got lost.
Some people say, that the chat board webmasters can be the greatest influence in the industry.
Some people say, 'the poor U'wa.
Some people say, there is always light at the end of the tunnel.
Some people say, 'Wait a minute.
Some people say, well the church is so bad.
Some people say, Well, the best jury is an all-white jury.
Some people say, when they come to meditate, that they want to be free.
Some people say, with great conviction, that all they do is create expensive urine.
Some people says it's because of the rear suspension system.
Some people says there are two small squares and a larger one, others say there are three squares.
Some people scan Web pages by jumping from one link to another.
Some people scatter rice in the field for the affair.
Some people schedule regular meetings with their advisors.
Some people schedule their wedding around the type of honeymoon they want to take.
Some people scoff at the argument that trade helps the poor.
Some people scorn paperbacks as trash.
Some people scratch more and others very less.
Some people scratch their heads when they're deep in thought.
Some people scream and holler.
Some people scream, some people go silent.
Some people scream.
Some people scrimp and save.
Some people scrimp on food costs and pocket the rest of the money.
Some people scurry away, covering their mouths and noses.
Some people search all their lives to find something like it.
Some people search for a diet treatment for asthma as an alternative to taking medicines.
Some people search for joy in materialism.
Some people search for meaning in their occupations or in material man-made things.
Some people search for redfish and specks in the coastal marshes.
Some people search through phone listings only, then give up.
Some people secure a database and create one account for a web user and put it here.
Some people see a face in the Moon.
Some people see a family resemblance.
Some people see a few parasites, some see hundreds.
Some people see a fight and just think of it as someone knocking somebody out with a left hook.
Some people see a glass half full, others half empty.
Some people see a man of action, a mystic, a revolutionary, a liberator, or a great moral leader.
Some people see a page as washed out.
Some people see a partial eclipse and wonder why others talk so much about a total eclipse.
Some people see a picture of the animal, hear a bark, while others visualize the animal dog.
Some people see a problem with the role money plays in political campaigns.
Some people see a promising Iowa crop in the green stalks of hemp.
Some people see a resemblance to cigars, others to sausages.
Some people see a rose, smell it, and remember it as a beautiful thing.
Some people see a simulacra quite easily, whilst others see nothing at all.
Some people see a therapist for specific problems-such as claustrophobia or agoraphobia.
Some people see advocacy as another word for advertising but that is very limiting.
Some people see aggressive driving and they duplicate it.
Some people see alcohol as a monster.
Some people see an opportunity in helping computer users avoid the frustration.
Some people see anonymity as one of the greatest benefits of the Internet.
Some people see banner ads as an eye sore.
Some people see beauty as some kind of talent , like the talent of a musician or a painter.
Some people see better on cloudy or dull days.
Some people see both as acts of medical violence and invalidation of our precious, innocent infants.
Some people see bright lights in other geometric patterns, or half of their visual field is blank.
Some people see business entirely as competition.
Some people see chicks.
Some people see collaboration as capitulation, as giving up of one's position.
Some people see colors and patterns when they listen to music.
Some people see colors when listening to music or hear sounds while reading.
Some people see colour when they hear sound.
Some people see colours or images in their mind's eye.
Some people see compulsive overeating as an addiction, similar to an addiction to drugs.
Some people see conspiracy everywhere.
Some people see diversity as a liability.
Some people see dramatic improvements almost immediately.
Some people see economic and demographic factors encouraging counties to consolidate, however.
Some people see entropy at work in the realm of digital content.
Some people see everything as food.
Some people see failure While other see gain.
Some people see Florida as golfing and gated community lifestyles.
Some people see forestry as an enemy in the push to conserve the planet.
Some people see foxes as vermin and undoubtedly that is the case.
Some people see free internet access as the way of the future.
Some people see getting more power out of an already dammed river making some sense.
Some people see ghosts.
Some people see global expansion as a threat.
Some people see goblins under the bed and in every cupboard.
Some people see good food before eating it, they get fat.
Some people see hacking as a prank.
Some people see hams as doing nothing but hovering over a microphone or code key all day .
Some people see higher compression as a bad thing.
Some people see homosexuality and bisexuality as a choice that a person makes .
Some people see homosexuality and bisexuality as a choice that a person makes.
Some people see how close they can get to sin without stepping into the path of the dog.
Some people see immediate drastic results while others experience more subtle results.
Some people see immediate, dramatic results, while others experience more subtle benefits.
Some people see in it a construction site question of sorts.
Some people see increased productivity as good, some bad.
Some people see it as a blow to their ego to be fooled by a magician.
Some people see it as a blur, others see a gray or a blue-gray object.
Some people see it as a combination of mind, body and spirit.
Some people see it as a minor glitch while others predict apocalyptic-like horrors.
Some people see it as a more immediate than others.
Some people see it as a nostalgic cult classic.
Some people see it as a season to sit by a warm fire, read, eat some cookies.
Some people see it as a security and privacy problem.
Some people see it as a simple biological event, others as an illness.
Some people see it as a suggestion that our earthy species had extra-terrestrial roots.
Some people see it as an art form.
Some people see it as an exciting new genre for both the reader and the writer.
Some people see it as an 'optional extra', and certain types of design do cost a lot of money.
Some people see it as entertainment.
Some people see it as greater than perhaps others.
Some people see it as just an unmowed mess.
Some people see it as more immediate than others.
Some people see it as oppression.
Some people see it as strictly entertainment.
Some people see it as striking at the very heart and fabric of our cultural identity.
Some people see it emotionally, while others see it scientifically or even philosophically.
Some people see larger-order connections between language families than others can.
Some people see learning as enhancement to one's knowledge, awareness and skills.
Some people see life as a battle.
Some people see major improvement after having all their mercury fillings removed.
Some people see many aspects of our civil society in decline.
Some people see marijuana as a useful pain reliever.
Some people see marriage as the only end to work towards in life.
Some people see mistakes as a process of elimination.
Some people see mud, others see gold.
Some people see newspapers as frozen in time, unable or unwilling to fill new needs.
Some people see no place for moral considerations in matters of national interest.
Some people see nothing wrong in committing insurance fraud.
Some people see numbered balls on a table and just learn the rules.
Some people see only in black and white.
Some people see only problems.
Some people see only the negative.
Some people see other shapes too, like a cinnamon roll or monkey tails.
Some people see our legal system as antiquated, with state by state discipline, for instance.
Some people see problems and ask why.
Some people see problems in the new migration.
Some people see rainbows While others - just rain.
Some people see reality in black and white.
Some people see recording as a way to be part of the music industry.
Some people see recruiting and retention as a time-consuming process.
Some people see reproducibility of research as a troublesome ethical issue.
Some people see results after one or two applications.
Some people see results right at the first use.
Some people see sadness in the toys and in the pies and even in the cityscapes, a kind of longing.
Some people see salvation in larger farms.
Some people see saucers and some little gray men with big black eyes.
Some people see separation from the mundane as a spiritual path.
Some people see snakes.
Some people see some clutter in the area, but are afraid to take it out there.
Some people see speakers.
Some people see tattoos simply as a way to rebel from their parents, or from the community.
Some people see tax shifting as an inherently radical notion.
Some people see telecom.
Some people see telework as a requisite perk of the modern workplace.
Some people see that as a black eye for the print media and a victory for the Internet.
Some people see that as a disadvantage.
Some people see that as a struggle, waiting to be endured.
Some people see that as an authority mechanism.
Some people see that as having multiple personality disorder.
Some people see that as somehow that has an impact on our ability to play the role of honest broker.
Some people see that as therapy, others as erotic voyeurism, it's however they want to take it.
Some people see that as very promising, as a democratic thing.
Some people see that happening.
Some people see the athlete through the eyes of the council.
Some people see the color green on the state insect as a reminder of Colorado's evergreen forests.
Some people see the cup as half full, others see it as half empty.
Some people see the damaged and get very negative.
Some people see the difference and never cross over.
Some people see the effect right away, others can spend a few days.
Some people see the future as everyone having a house with a white picket fence and beautiful kids.
Some people see the glass half-empty.
Some people see the glass of water as half empty and some see it as half full.
Some people see the Internet as a way to make money.
Some people see the land primarily as something to exploit.
Some people see the market as a den of speculation.
Some people see the 'net as a toy.
Some people see the pictures' sale, even for fraud prevention, as dangerous.
Some people see the potential for franchising of the school contracts.
Some people see the process of growth and development as very simple.
Some people see the pyramid as a reflection of the traditional diet.
Some people see the slanted front as a means of adjusting the arrival time for the various drivers.
Some people see the successes of others as an affront.
Some people see the text shaking.
Some people see the traditional eight-foot angel.
Some people see the use of cheats as unsportsman like.
Some people see the value and join the effort.
Some people see the words as a halo.
Some people see the world as a funny place.
Some people see the world as a place of limitations, threats, deceptions, abuse, and injustice.
Some people see the world as an awful place.
Some people see their economic advantage far outweighing any ill-regard by Internet users.
Some people see their talent at the director's side.
Some people see themselves as a falcon, some see themselves as three stalks of wheat.
Some people see themselves as self reliant and it is difficult to ask someone for assistance.
Some people see there being an immediate danger to survival and wellbeing right now.
Some people see things as they are and ask why.
Some people see things as they are and say why.
Some people see things differently than most.
Some people see things the way they are and ask why.
Some people see time as a fourth dimension .
Some people see time as a fourth dimension.
Some people see time as cyclical.
Some people see tournaments as the pinnacle of martial arts ability.
Some people see traits of theocracy in Israel.
Some people see universities becoming wellsprings of new economic ventures.
Some people see very far into the nature of reality.
Some people see visions in the patterns.
Some people see voter approval of individual taxes and fees an impossible chore.
Some people see Washington as a place that takes money from the rich and gives it to the poor.
Some people see what they want to believe.
Some people see worship as a tool for mission.
Some people seek a private assessment by a psychologist.
Some people seek a spiritual group without the trappings of organized religion.
Some people seek a world in which they have the power to cancel other people's articles.
Some people seek advice from a favorite source or two.
Some people seek amphibians.
Some people seek assurances of immunity by checking antibody titers for the disease of concern.
Some people seek bisexual relationships.
Some people seek fish.
Some people seek for lifetimes before they find their chosen teacher.
Some people seek help too soon and others wait too long.
Some people seek help too soon and some wait too long.
Some people seek help too soon, and others wait too long.
Some people seek help, but are turned away for one reason or another.
Some people seek horses.
Some people seek joy but never find it.
Some people seek lizards.
Some people seek meaning in their loss and get involved in causes or projects that help others.
Some people seek pets.
Some people seek power.
Some people seek sexual highs the same way drug and alcohol abusers seek chemical highs.
Some people seek snails.
Some people seek spiritual solace.
Some people seek such wealth in the context of their career path.
Some people seek that type of image.
Some people seek their happiness, comfort and peace in a bottle.
Some people seek thrills as skydivers, bungee jumpers, whitewater rafters etc.
Some people seek to improve their grades or life in general.
Some people seek treatment for poly-drug dependence.
Some people seek wild animals as pets as a way to reconnect with the natural world.
Some people seeking elected office also lie to their constituencies.
Some people seem almost desperate to get rid of it.
Some people seem always to be in one crisis or another.
Some people seem bent on tearing down public education every chance they get.
Some people seem beyond help, but everyone has potential.
Some people seem born to lead more interesting lives than others.
Some people seem born with a knack for rhyme, an instinctive ear.
Some people seem concerned with how a hat effects their looks.
Some people seem confused about what uncut means.
Some people seem easily angered.
Some people seem genetically predisposed to getting cancer from viruses.
Some people seem happier, more content, or more successful than others.
Some people seem immune to deterioration.
Some people seem like scorpions trapped by negative instincts and response patterns.
Some people seem morally opposed to antidepressant medication.
Some people seem more comfortable quitting on their own, with no outside help.
Some people seem more prone to aggression than others.
Some people seem more prone to low blood sugars than others.
Some people seem much better at certain tasks.
Some people seem never to learn it.
Some people seem to also fit their astrological profile.
Some people seem to be a little disappointed.
Some people seem to be a little too close to their subject matter for comfort.
Some people seem to be able to dissociate sexuality from relatedness.
Some people seem to be able to enjoy it in moderation. . . .
Some people seem to be able to generate money into their lives no matter what they do.
Some people seem to be able to live under a different, more favorable, set of rules.
Some people seem to be able to sense such an aura in others.
Some people seem to be able to toss things together and achieve wonderful results.
Some people seem to be able to treat sex very casually.
Some people seem to be able to, anyway.
Some people seem to be afraid of everything.
Some people seem to be aghast at the thought of having to do a 'there and back' cruise.
Some people seem to be born with an innate love and understanding of our furry little friends.
Some people seem to be born with taste.
Some people seem to be delaying lunch until later in the day, possibly completing a task.
Some people seem to be disillusioned into thinking the curlier the better.
Some people seem to be especially interested in talking shit about others behind their back.
Some people seem to be excited about videoconferencing.
Some people seem to be graced from birth.
Some people seem to be having caching problems.
Some people seem to be having more luck.
Some people seem to be having some trouble with functions.
Some people seem to be immune to the malady while others suffer to the point of incapacity.
Some people seem to be in favor of that, but there is also some concern of diluting the group.
Some people seem to be in the right place at the right time.
Some people seem to be influenced by the use of color, or windows, or pull-down menus.
Some people seem to be just waiting out the clock of life.
Some people seem to be more affected than others.
Some people seem to be more likely than others to get ear infections.
Some people seem to be more responsive to colors and other to forms.
Some people seem to be more susceptible to dependency than others.
Some people seem to be more vulnerable to negative stress responses than others.
Some people seem to be much more attractive to mosquitoes than others.
Some people seem to be naturally lucky, while others appear the opposite.
Some people seem to be on vacation an awful lot.
Some people seem to be particularly gifted at using words to help others.
Some people seem to be talking themselves into cutting back on the dose to save a buck or two . . .
Some people seem to be uncomplicated.
Some people seem to be untrustworthy by nature.
Some people seem to begin in the middle of a subject and talk both ways.
Some people seem to believe that a patent necessarily confers an economic monopoly.
Some people seem to believe that placing a child in daycare is tantamount to abandonment.
Some people seem to believe that using hydrogen gets more energy.
Some people seem to believe there is one, though.
Some people seem to believe they have a right to drive as fast as they like.
Some people seem to camp out for days in order to secure the perfect drinking spot.
Some people seem to come by a great attitude naturally.
Some people seem to come to wholeness quickly and others it seems to take a long time.
Some people seem to consider that because material is available on the net it is free for any use.
Some people seem to crave sweets more than others.
Some people seem to delight in killing.
Some people seem to do it all in one shot, while others do it layer upon layer.
Some people seem to do it effortlessly.
Some people seem to do well in school without studying that much.
Some people seem to drink heavily for many years before any harm is noticed.
Some people seem to end one relationship and within weeks announce that they are in a new one.
Some people seem to enjoy that sort of thing.
Some people seem to enjoy the thought that some catastrophe or another is right around the corner.
Some people seem to exit their vows nicely.
Some people seem to experience greater power, greater fruit and greater results.
Some people seem to experience pleasant and unpleasant emotions more intensely than others do.
Some people seem to exude a positive life energy, even through the telephone or e-mail.
Some people seem to fear confrontation worse than death.
Some people seem to feel better when they take two or more.
Some people seem to feel that as long as they have a Bible verse for something they are o.k.
Some people seem to feel that the gospel is boring.
Some people seem to feel the effects right away.
Some people seem to find a lot in it.
Some people seem to find eating almost a nuisance, something to be got out of the way.
Some people seem to find it offensive that superluminal travel is impossible for material objects.
Some people seem to find that having a hypothetical date set up is reassuring or validating.
Some people seem to forget how it was back then and where society was at.
Some people seem to forget that.
Some people seem to get a rush at pointing at someone and saying, 'sinner'.
Some people seem to get all caught up in the content and method of the testing.
Some people seem to get every job they apply for, while others regularly miss out.
Some people seem to get pleasure from helping students explore ideas or develop useful skills.
Some people seem to get pleasure in spreading bad news.
Some people seem to get really specific with their searches.
Some people seem to get sick more often than others.
Some people seem to give up on learning after they leave school.
Some people seem to go through life unscathed, untouched by tragedy.
Some people seem to go through stages of pain, weeping, shaking, roaring, to joy, peace, laughter.
Some people seem to handle frustrations better than others.
Some people seem to handle waiting a little better than others.
Some people seem to have a genetic predisposition to it.
Some people seem to have a genetic predisposition toward fungal infections.
Some people seem to have a hard time understanding that.
Some people seem to have a long wait to move.
Some people seem to have a lot more natural ability than others.
Some people seem to have a natural ability to read water.
Some people seem to have a natural charm and charisma.
Some people seem to have a nonexistent or weakened circadian cycle.
Some people seem to have a problem with backing up their data.
Some people seem to have a talent for making every situation stressful.
Some people seem to have all the luck.
Some people seem to have almost converted their iguanas into carnivores.
Some people seem to have assumed that the time has to be absolutely exact.
Some people seem to have been.
Some people seem to have boundless energy and always ready for new adventure.
Some people seem to have gotten sold a copy early.
Some people seem to have it all, though.
Some people seem to have it more than others.
Some people seem to have more natural chakra activity than others.
Some people seem to have more of a knack with the non-standard healing arts than others.
Some people seem to have more than their fair share of contact without online community.
Some people seem to have natural charm and charisma.
Some people seem to have problems with the default delegations.
Some people seem to have real difficulty learning their multiplication facts.
Some people seem to have that perfect look, they seem to get everything right at all times.
Some people seem to have the notion that the apostles and prophets wrote the Bible in English.
Some people seem to have to be dragged, kicking and screaming, into the present day.
Some people seem to inherit a tendency to develop certain kinds of arthritis.
Some people seem to inherit the tendency to get a disease like lupus.
Some people seem to know exactly where they want to go and what they want to do.
Some people seem to know from the very beginning what career they want to enter.
Some people seem to know what they are called to be when they spring forth from the womb.
Some people seem to know, even in childhood, what they want to be when they grow up.
Some people seem to like it, though.
Some people seem to like it.
Some people seem to like the chord.
Some people seem to live in a perpetual storm.
Some people seem to live in a vaccuum.
Some people seem to live in fear of what other men think.
Some people seem to lose all their energy and drive, wanting only to sleep.
Some people seem to love it, others seem to hate it.
Some people seem to make decisions about drugs much the same way.
Some people seem to no longer exist.
Some people seem to really like it.
Some people seem to really like the spray adhesive as it is less expensive than some other options.
Some people seem to rely on food as a way of coping with stress or emotional problems.
Some people seem to see a dog's gaze as a look of death.
Some people seem to shout louder than others.
Some people seem to spend half their day looking for a good place to eat lunch.
Some people seem to stay logged in for hours, often tying up the lines for non-legitimate purposes.
Some people seem to swallow their feelings in a time of trauma.
Some people seem to swear by it, others condemn it.
Some people seem to take retiring a dog in stride.
Some people seem to take to a certain kata from the beginning.
Some people seem to think it is a good thing, because it prevents later pain and suffering.
Some people seem to think it really happened, and that it is going to happen again.
Some people seem to think newsgroups are a place to insult others, sort of a human shooting gallery.
Some people seem to think one answer is more respectable.
Some people seem to think so.
Some people seem to think that a book advance is more incriminating than a sexual advance.
Some people seem to think that a policy or two captures intent.
Some people seem to think that all counsellors do is sit and listen to clients with no input at all.
Some people seem to think that because they pay no money for the service it is free.
Some people seem to think that carpet can only be put on an absolute flat surface.
Some people seem to think that Christian faith involves the suppression of the human.
Some people seem to think that even heavy petting is a mortal sin.
Some people seem to think that if something gets talked about at a meeting, that makes it real.
Some people seem to think that it's quite a distance.
Some people seem to think that little needs to be said about exercise technique.
Some people seem to think that student-athletes are different from regular students.
Some people seem to think that the America perspective defines mental health.
Some people seem to think that the Bible's emphasis on purity is outdated.
Some people seem to think that the stock market is all there is to economics.
Some people seem to think that they have more, or as much, control of a group that the moderator.
Some people seem to think that war is an undesirable state of affairs.
Some people seem to thinmk so.
Some people seem to thrive on change.
Some people seem to thrive on decision making and are paid accordingly.
Some people seem to thrive on it.
Some people seem to thrive on the change of a new spot every day.
Some people seem to use drum circles as an excuse to smoke dope or flex their egos.
Some people seem to use 'processor' to mean an XML parser.
Some people seem to use the Bible for permission instead of guidance.
Some people seem to use the Internet to excess.
Some people seem to want to believe that everything is doom and disaster.
Some people seem to withdraw, stop seeing their friends and lose interest in their appearance.
Some people seem unusually passive.
Some people seem very distraught about it.
Some people seem very threatened by the thought of validating relationships that already exist.
Some people seem wired to dwell on injustice and old hurts and tell the sad stories over and over.
Some people seize animals.
Some people select a web-site designer because they know the Internet.
Some people select cremation because they feel it saves money.
Some people select other animals as pets.
Some people select plants.
Some people selectively choose some vaccines and forego others.
Some people sell animals.
Some people sell babies.
Some people sell bee nucleus colonies.
Some people sell beef.
Some people sell bees.
Some people sell birds.
Some people sell cats.
Some people sell cattle.
Some people sell chickens.
Some people sell crabs.
Some people sell elephants.
Some people sell geese.
Some people sell goats.
Some people sell horses.
Some people sell images.
Some people sell llamas.
Some people sell lobsters.
Some people sell newts.
Some people sell old drug capsules that they fill with other medicines.
Some people sell oysters.
Some people sell parrots.
Some people sell pets.
Some people sell pigeons.
Some people sell pigs.
Some people sell proprietary products because the fees are greater.
Some people sell rabbits.
Some people sell rats.
Some people sell reptiles.
Some people sell sheep.
Some people sell snakes.
Some people sell stocks and take commissions.
Some people sell their life insurance policies to get money to pay the bills.
Some people sell their paintings with good designs, and some of the people sell didjeridoos.
Some people sell their souls to win.
Some people sell turkeys.
Some people sell turtles.
Some people send a second check after received the product.
Some people send articles.
Some people send cards without pictures.
Some people send cash money.
Some people send E-mails at night and expect a reply straight away.
Some people send greetings by telephone only.
Some people send in jokes, others send in thought-provoking quotes.
Some people send out that call by being rude and obnoxious.
Some people send poems.
Some people send their calendars late for being included on the first.
Some people send their resumes and cover letters by overnight mail or registered mail.
Some people send their stuff from work, where they have a postal scale in shipping.
Some people sense or feel things inwardly, and that's all right.
Some people sense whistling and crackling noises, even when they close their eyes.
Some people sentence to death.
Some people serve as ambassadors to Great Britain or Japan.
Some people serve as leaders.
Some people serve it as a side salad.
Some people serve on more than one type of board.
Some people set their goals low.
Some people set their reserves unrealistically high.
Some people set up alphabetical files, others file by groups.
Some people set up craft businesses for export.
Some people set up shelter.
Some people set up trust funds for their children or start a foundation to improve the world.
Some people setting selves up as third parties are the same.
Some people settle for service when they came for justice.
Some people settle for the typical thing, livin' all their lives waiting in the wings.
Some people shake hands, some kiss and hug.
Some people shake only fingers.
Some people share games.
Some people share insight.
Some people share oysters.
Some people share telephone extensions.
Some people share the optimism and hop aboard the bandwagon.
Some people share their questions and answers with the group.
Some people share with friends, family, and even strangers.
Some people sharpen their shaver blades daily.
Some people shear their alpacas every other year.
Some people shed herpes virus even though they have no symptoms.
Some people shell out for the latest and greatest.
Some people ship their own cars from home, so check the cost of the import tax and shipping charges.
Some people ship their products.
Some people shoot animals.
Some people shoot apes.
Some people shoot bears.
Some people shoot birds.
Some people shoot camels.
Some people shoot caribou.
Some people shoot cattle.
Some people shoot deer.
Some people shoot dogs.
Some people shoot ducks.
Some people shoot geese.
Some people shoot mammals.
Some people shoot monkeys.
Some people shoot one arrow with scent on it after they get up their stand.
Some people shoot pigeons.
Some people shoot pigs.
Some people shoot rabbits.
Some people shoot squirrels.
Some people shoot turkeys.
Some people shoot waterfowls.
Some people shop at a certain store just because of great employee.
Some people shop for price as a determining factor for veterinary care.
Some people shop online because it's the only place that they can find what they are looking for.
Some people shorten the name to ADD when it affects older people.
Some people shout and whiste.
Some people shovel it.
Some people show a dramatic decline and others show practically none.
Some people show a dramatic response to relatively common stressors.
Some people show a rash on the trunk of the body, disorientation and severe headaches.
Some people show appreciation through gifts - small, creative, large, fun, etc.
Some people show awe, some show fear, but most people show a profound appreciation.
Some people show cats.
Some people show dry skin, which become more inflamed in the cold dry winter season.
Some people show effects.
Some people show emergency preparation.
Some people show it.
Some people show little emotion over having psoriasis, while others react intensely.
Some people show much sincerity and yearn to know more about sign language and our culture.
Some people show no symptoms at all.
Some people show no warning signs and find out they're diabetic after a routine blood test.
Some people show preparation.
Some people show proof.
Some people show shaking movements all over when they are having a seizure.
Some people show support by volunteering time and effort.
Some people show symptoms.
Some people show their affection for one another by giving gifts of candy.
Some people show their emotions visibly and readily.
Some people show their family history using a family tree .
Some people show their family history using a family tree.
Some people show up every day, twice a day for practice.
Some people show up in every scene, character actors, providing punctuation to the real action.
Some people show up intent on the latter.
Some people shown in the cases are actors.
Some people shriek.
Some people shrug and say, 'another rape,' but when it happens close to home it's different.
Some people shrug off injuries, some go into shock.
Some people shun the idea of vegetarianism.
Some people shy away from conditioning from fear of pain and injury.
Some people shy away from handicapped or blind people just because they are different.
Some people shy away from that, ironically.
Some people shy from the spotlight, others shine in it.
Some people sign their e-mail with humorous phrases.
Some people sign up as a member.
Some people sign up but never add the code to their site, thus they never receive any votes.
Some people sign up for free email on a lark, but never really use it.
Some people simply accept the consequences of being late everywhere they go.
Some people simply are better writers than others are.
Some people simply are great liars.
Some people simply are more effective than others in dealing with the vicissitudes of life.
Some people simply call it surviving.
Some people simply can t resist the temptation of setting dates.
Some people simply consider alcohol an inappropriate gift between professionals.
Some people simply cover the outer edge of such mirrors to erase the effects.
Some people simply define intimacy as sex.
Some people simply discard the bottle, suffer two or three rough days and then the issue is over.
Some people simply dread only flying and never seek help.
Some people simply eat too many carbos.
Some people simply enjoy learning through portrayal.
Some people simply enjoy peace and quiet more than socializing.
Some people simply enjoy the lessons and never want to move any higher.
Some people simply enjoy the view from their own homes.
Some people simply feel ill, have a cough and fever.
Some people simply find it fun to take advantage of and humiliate others.
Some people simply find it interesting.
Some people simply forget to cash out their winnings.
Some people simply get more powerful appetite blocking signals than others.
Some people simply get the word by telling everyone they know that they want to adopt.
Some people simply have a difficult time telling others no.
Some people simply have a favourite saint and have always wanted to be called by that name.
Some people simply have difficulty expressing their thoughts on paper.
Some people simply have difficulty relaxing.
Some people simply have prominent eyes with more white showing than normal.
Some people simply have sensitive or dry eyes.
Some people simply have trouble getting out of the house on a weeknight.
Some people simply have trouble keeping sex in perspective.
Some people simply invest in livestock as a tax write-off or hobby.
Some people simply keep gin and glasses in the freezer and pour it in as needed, adding the olive.
Some people simply know how to curse.
Some people simply lack the skills and self-discipline to run their own business.
Some people simply like to take a multiple vitamin pill for health insurance.
Some people simply look older than they really are.
Some people simply make better candidates for laser hair removal than others.
Some people simply meditate in order to feel better.
Some people simply opt for a smaller house, condominium, apartment or mobile home.
Some people simply place the inoculated milk in a turned-off, slightly warmed oven.
Some people simply prefer it to browsing.
Some people simply prefer the appearance of a higher brow.
Some people simply prefer the look of an old instrument.
Some people simply prefer the narrower body shape.
Some people simply prefer to drink fresh cider without any heat treatment or added preservatives.
Some people simply prefer to learn in their own space and at their own rate.
Some people simply prefer to rent.
Some people simply produce more gas than others.
Some people simply push a piece in the ground and have success.
Some people simply react better to some brands than to others.
Some people simply refer to it as a healing environment.
Some people simply refuse to back down to cold weather.
Some people simply refuse to see the humor in situations.
Some people simply refuse to spend any money on their own education.
Some people simply rent the facility and do everything else themselves.
Some people simply require less sleep.
Some people simply resent the county's interference.
Some people simply resist change.
Some people simply see sports as a chance to go wild.
Some people simply seek after supernormal capabilities directly or practise phony qigong.
Some people simply seem disposed that way.
Some people simply sit.
Some people simply squirt lemon on their salad, and others like oil and lemon squirted on.
Some people simply tie their small-breed cow to a tire and let it graze in the front yard.
Some people simply use an alarm clock or radio to act as a pillow masker.
Some people simply use the coffeemaker strictly for tea brewing.
Some people simply vote for the party whose ideology most closely resembles their own.
Some people simply wish to avoid uncomfortable treatments that have a low likelihood of success.
Some people sing along.
Some people sing in the shower.
Some people sing operas, and some train dogs.
Some people sing songs and dance to celebrate.
Some people sing their praises.
Some people sing to hear themselves sing.
Some people sing with a deep expression which fits the verses of a song accordingly.
Some people sit - some people try.
Some people sit and wait for winds of fortune to prevail.
Some people sit and Watch the leaves fall, so go and Shake the fucking tree.
Some people sit around and are nostalgic for the past they think they remember.
Some people sit around and do dope all day.
Some people sit around and meditate all day.
Some people sit at the fork forever, others go in one direction without knowing why.
Some people sit at their tables apparently in pain, stuffed to the gills.
Some people sit in meetings and cry at the thought of quitting.
Some people sit in meetings lectures and the like and take copious notes.
Some people sit in passenger seats.
Some people sit in seats.
Some people sit in the waiting room between visits.
Some people sit in the wrong row, so other people have to sit in the wrong row.
Some people sit on counters.
Some people sit on the stairs.
Some people sit playing bells, flutes, and hand drums.
Some people sit quietly and watch birds or flowers, some use meditation.
Some people skin it, others singe it in an open fire.
Some people skin the bird, but it often leaves the bird with a loss of flavor and increases dryness.
Some people skip breakfast as a way to cut calories from their diet.
Some people skip for long distances instead of jogging.
Some people skip lectures, while others come early and sit in the front row with shining eyes.
Some people skip messages with more than one question.
Some people skip the braiding and just coil.
Some people skip the classes and instead hang out, flirt, or practice moves with a partner.
Some people slave all day.
Some people sleep and live on the sidewalk.
Some people sleep better when they use maskers.
Some people sleep during the day and are awake and restless at night.
Some people sleep in sleeping cars.
Some people sleep more comfortably on a waterbed, while others prefer a harder surface.
Some people sleep on the beach because hotels are usually over-booked.
Some people sleep on the floorboards, under the thwart.
Some people sleep poorly in the hospital, which compounds the problem.
Some people sleep through it.
Some people sleep until morning.
Some people sleep very deeply.
Some people slip into suicide, or at least ideation about it.
Some people slip out to put the kettle on or see to the baby as soon as the commercials start.
Some people slipbob or cast.
Some people slowly expose the skin to a low heat.
Some people slurp the egg from the saucer directly.
Some people smash places, some break windows.
Some people smell bananas in Beaujolais, some smell strawberries.
Some people smell dill to cure their hiccups.
Some people smell their odor on the telephone receiver after a conversation.
Some people smell.
Some people smile.
Some people smoke a whole pack in a night.
Some people smoke cigarettes.
Some people smoke for pleasure when they feel good, or smoke for comfort when they feel bad.
Some people smoke in bars or clubs.
Some people smoke like chimneys all their lives and never get cancer.
Some people smoke marijuana because they claim it releases their inhibitions.
Some people smoke marijuana.
Some people smoke pipes and cigars in the backgrounds of shots.
Some people smoke weed and then sleep all day.
Some people smoke weeds.
Some people smoke with cottonwood.
Some people smoke, drink, yoga, turn to spirituality.
Some people smoke.
Some people smuggle fireworks into Arizona from other states or from Mexico.
Some people snap.
Some people sneer at black armband history.
Some people snicker at the thought of on-line bass fishing tournaments.
Some people snuck over at night to stake out prime land early, hiding from the army patrols.
Some people so dedicate themselves to the pursuit of prosperity that they neglect everything else.
Some people so love that pill that they spend their entire paycheck on bottles of it.
Some people soak seeds overnight before planting to improve germination.
Some people soak the kernels in a mixture of ashes and water.
Some people socially loaf when they belong to a group working toward a common goal.
Some people software and games.
Some people solve mysteries.
Some people solve their problems right away, and others procrastinate.
Some people sort their messages by the subject.
Some people sound like they're running for councilor, like they want to improve the city.
Some people speak about a new opening.
Some people speak different languages.
Some people speak from experience.
Some people speak honestly and they still lie.
Some people speak in a quiet voice.
Some people speak of an ending in that and look at it in respect of the numbered.
Some people speak of Canada as a young country, and that is partly true.
Some people speak of instrumentalist as having found their own voice.
Some people speak of sexual abuse, and physical punishment of a sexual nature.
Some people speak of the rural-urban divide.
Some people speak of transpeople as either heterosexual or homosexual.
Some people speak other languages like Spanish.
Some people speak softly but carry a big stick.
Some people speak the same laungage without any understanding.
Some people speak their opinions of themselves.
Some people speak very fast while others talk at a measured pace.
Some people speak when they speak, some more often.
Some people specialize in aspects.
Some people specialize in one or the other.
Some people speculate that birds invading a dog's food dish can deposit the parvovirus there.
Some people speculate they send out scouts.
Some people spell it bologna.
Some people spend a considerable amount of their own valuable time gathering and posting news.
Some people spend a considerable time soaking and rinsing.
Some people spend a day or more at each location and pick up another ferry.
Some people spend a great deal of time there.
Some people spend a lifetime searching for their angel.
Some people spend a lifetime trying to get a book published.
Some people spend a little less, some a little more.
Some people spend a little time each day recording their grateful thoughts.
Some people spend a long time dying.
Some people spend a lot more time making a 'to-do' list, or a grocery list.
Some people spend a lot of money purchasing high quality beds with a special mattress.
Some people spend a lot of time painting their figurines into works of art.
Some people spend a year or two in Russia or Eastern Europe after graduation.
Some people spend all their energy on their family's health and welfare.
Some people spend all their time on just perfecting and building rockets.
Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they've made a difference.
Some people spend an unusually large amount of time doing church related activities.
Some people spend considerable amounts of time in various chat rooms and other online chat space.
Some people spend each afternoon, after long hours in the sun, working with pottery.
Some people spend half their working lives in their cars going to meetings.
Some people spend hours trying to figure out how to get listed, much less getting a good listing.
Some people spend large amounts of money and time in preparation for Burning Man.
Some people spend many hours in traffic just going to and from work.
Some people spend more each week on dining out than their offering.
Some people spend more than that for a haircut.
Some people spend more time configuring their machine than making music.
Some people spend more time finding a good attorney than a doctor.
Some people spend more time in their vehicles than they do with their families.
Some people spend more time planning their vacations than they do planning their careers.
Some people spend more time talking than playing.
Some people spend more time washing their car then they spend praying.
Some people spend most of their lives trying to figure out what it is they'd like to be doing.
Some people spend much of the year in the warm sun, while others live in rainy and foggy areas.
Some people spend much of their lives feeling like victims.
Some people spend only a night, others stay for months.
Some people spend so much time planning, they miss the chance of a lifetime.
Some people spend that at one booth alone.
Some people spend the minutes after a scene to review it and share their feelings on it.
Some people spend their day studying and talking, while others play sports.
Some people spend their entire life straining against the slab of marble.
Some people spend their four years here resenting the fact that they have to write papers.
Some people spend their last years preoccupied with how to leave their money.
Some people spend their life hunting for a true religion.
Some people spend their lifetime working toward goals.
Some people spend their lives bouncing from one thing to another, trying to find their niche.
Some people spend their lives feeling like they're in a daisy car.
Some people spend their lives in search of the perfect job.
Some people spend their lives never getting what they want.
Some people spend their lives searching for it.
Some people spend their lives searching for the greater meaning and for what is truly important.
Some people spend their lives trying to fight the battles of yesterday.
Some people spend their online lives scouring the Web for valuable information.
Some people spend their whole lifetime searching for the answers.
Some people spend their whole lives doing things the hard way and learning by trial and error.
Some people spend their whole lives, doing that.
Some people spend their whole time draped over the hiber-box, praying and crying.
Some people spend there entire lives trying to answer that one question.
Some people spend thousands and thousands of dollars on pigeons and never win a race.
Some people spend thousands of yen.
Some people spend time.
Some people spend too much money on large print books.
Some people spend too much time in chat rooms.
Some people spend too much time watching television and eating snacks.
Some people spend very little, are demanding and take-up valuable seating.
Some people spend way too much time there.
Some people spend years putting off a ten minute job.
Some people spend years searching for the home of their dreams.
Some people spot it.
Some people spread it on toast or add it to lobster soups or sauces.
Some people spread microbes.
Some people spread mineral oil on the plastic and just press it on.
Some people spread sheets under the plants and shake hard, the dispose of the fallen weevils.
Some people sprinkle spicy stuff on jicama and eat it, like chile powder, paprika, etc.
Some people sprinkle things.
Some people spur computers and operating systems that make work easy, preferring to rough it.
Some people squeeze or pull until the shot goes off almost accidentally.
Some people squint even when they are wearing sunglasses.
Some people squirm asking their secretary to make copies.
Some people stake it to keep it upright.
Some people stand for nothing because they fall for everything.
Some people stand in a group and go through one at a time.
Some people stand out as obvious recipients of a message, but others are on the borderline.
Some people stand out.
Some people stand through the whole time, and others sit.
Some people stand up higher, others stay down low.
Some people stare, ask questions, smirk, roll their eyes, sigh, stamp their foot, or blink.
Some people start and get discouraged.
Some people start and then stop and then start again.
Some people start building their resumes with student organizations on campus .
Some people start by buying an investment property.
Some people start by moonlighting.
Some people start by writing a simple applet or application, and go on to learn about servlets.
Some people start calibrating and cease to photograph due to a near obsession with film densities.
Some people start climbing for fitness or for fun.
Some people start dieting because they think all the problems in their lives are because of weight.
Some people start discussion lists to talk about a subject that is very targeted.
Some people start early and keep going.
Some people start early in the morning, others find after midnight their most productive time.
Some people start feeding again during early summer and closely monitor their feeders.
Some people start feeling better right away after just a few sessions, for others it takes longer.
Some people start fires with gasoline.
Some people start harming straight after a stressful event whereas some people start years later.
Some people start having migraine headaches as children.
Some people start in on their demise years before the final outcome is death.
Some people start leaving.
Some people start off jumpy.
Some people start off slow or soft and get more aggressive.
Some people start off with a greater depth of perception of life and people than others.
Some people start out higher than others.
Some people start out wanting to do more with a computer than just running existing programs.
Some people start out with an RV while they build their own house.
Some people start playing early in life and others later in life.
Some people start small businesses because they choose to.
Some people start their classroom training before seeking an apprenticeship.
Some people start their day with a glass of orange juice, others with a big cup of joe.
Some people start their grants with quotes or a story to focus the reader's attention.
Some people start their pre-skiing exercises now.
Some people start their shopping already at the airport before the departure.
Some people start their student life, and some other business life at companies.
Some people start their upload and get interrupted or disconnected.
Some people start throwing ketones at significantly lower levels.
Some people start to feel a difference in as little as a few weeks where others take a few months.
Some people start to feel better in weeks or months.
Some people start to have migraines when they are children.
Some people start to play zeybek.
Some people start to shout and others are completely silent with respect.
Some people start to wonder why they're even here.
Some people start unraveling themselves and they become psychic and they stop there.
Some people start with a clean sheet of paper to get back on track.
Some people start with the garden framework, finishing paths, lawns, etc before working on the beds.
Some people start with the names from an index or from the zoological record.
Some people starve themselves, others make themselves throw up, and others eat compulsively.
Some people state that When it is Good it is really good.
Some people stay after for working sessions for part of the afternoon.
Some people stay at home, while others run around.
Some people stay at the telescopes another hour or so.
Some people stay away from jumping rope as a fitness exercise because it looks like child's play.
Some people stay away from the door for the chance of it opening up.
Some people stay behind, because they know that someone pulled the fire alarm.
Some people stay far away from the door if there s a chance of it opening up.
Some people stay for a long time, talking with each other about their faith .
Some people stay for the beach and the nightlife.
Some people stay here for hours.
Some people stay here simply to enjoy the peace and serinity of the mountains.
Some people stay in the bedroom for meals, correspondence, television and lounging.
Some people stay infectious, while others never are after the initial illness.
Some people stay longer in an hour than others do in a month.
Some people stay longer in an hour than others do in a week.
Some people stay on it forever.
Some people stay on one foot.
Some people stay on the bus.
Some people stay the night, others for the whole season.
Some people stay there almost permanently.
Some people steadily worsen while others merely suffer mild weakness for decades.
Some people steal dogs.
Some people steal from their employers .
Some people steal horses.
Some people step in unison with such changes.
Some people step in, and some people are unable to handle it and run from it.
Some people step on bats because they think all bats are vampire bats.
Some people stick pins in babies.
Some people stick to decorating a tree and some windows.
Some people still are afraid they're going to be staring at a screen all day.
Some people still ask that, but most American homes have one or more PCs.
Some people still believe in chance.
Some people still believe in Santa.
Some people still believe that added complexity increases automatically security.
Some people still believe that it's simply media hype to talk of a shortage of top talent.
Some people still believe that Linux and similar systems operate only in text-mode.
Some people still believe that man designs our purpose in life, individually and collectively.
Some people still believe that the earth is flat.
Some people still believe that the world can be a better place.
Some people still believe the Earth is flat.
Some people still believe the schools are better off separate.
SOME people still call the Korean War a forgotten war.
Some people still call the town Grand Rapids.
Some people still change their majors in college.
Some people still choose home deliveries and their reasons are many.
Some people still confuse sheep measles and true hydatids.
Some people still consider it networking's killer app.
Some people still consider it networking's killerapp.
Some people still consider it so.
Some people still deny that it is even happening.
Some people still die in unspeakable agony.
Some people still do crime by selling dope.
Some people still do it and smuggle the monkeys from one country to another.
Some people still do it by FTEs and some still do it by positions.
Some people still do it manually.
Some people still do it.
Some people still do that.
Some people still fail to recognize that many people are capable of doing both - thinking and doing.
Some people still fail to see the harm in spreading viruses.
Some people still fear e-commerce, and some still think it's a passing fad.
Some people still find books the easiest way to learn.
Some people still find it funny, but there are more than a few moist eyes in the auditorium.
Some people still follow leaders.
Some people still fool around after they have made a commitment.
Some people still giggle at the sight of cops wearing shorts.
Some people still glorify psychotics and schizophrenics, saying they are unusual, gifted people.
Some people still go to bed hungry, at home and abroad.
Some people still grow more hungry than some others, die more quickly than some others.
Some people still grow purple loosestrife in their gardens.
Some people still have cravings years after they've given up smoking.
Some people still have dog teams and many remember and teach the old ways of doing things.
Some people still have more power than others, but on a much smaller scale than before.
Some people still have old windmills.
Some people still have problems understanding that.
Some people still have projectors for it.
Some people still have techno-fright.
Some people still have that gift of verse making .
Some people still haven t paid their entry fees.
Some people still head west with something of the pioneer spirit.
Some people still keep in touch with the Catholic college.
Some people still keep their money under the mattress.
Some people still leave their pets with a neighbor or a kennel when they go out of town.
Some people still like a little foreplay.
Some people still like taking written notes.
Some people still like to read books with ink and paper.
Some people still like to see visual fluff removed.
Some people still live in bomb shelters.
Some people still live in it.
Some people still look upon hiccups as the damning evidence of alcoholic overindulgence.
Some people still miss the punch line.
Some people still pay for connectivity based on the amount of time they spend online.
Some people still play that way.
Some people still practise something like formally acknowledging somebody as their master.
Some people still prefer searching the Web for information, with a text based browser.
Some people still prefer to heat their foods on a stove top.
Some people still prefer to learn by listening.
Some people still refuse to believe it happened.
Some people still regard the adoption of the dollar as an affront to national sovereignty.
Some people still say it was a disgrace on our part.
Some people still see it as a sign that the body is fighting illness.
Some people still seem to like it.
Some people still struggle to feed themselves because they have no money.
Some people still think it is genuine.
Some people still think it's a problem.
Some people still think it's taboo to use self-promotion.
Some people still think so.
Some people still think that communication over the computer is too impersonal.
Some people still think that eating extra margarine helps to prevent heart attacks.
Some people still think that money is scarce, or that they have to go around being lonely.
Some people still think that they can venture to take drugs in or out of Thailand.
Some people still think they are.
Some people still think they're coming back.
Some people still trust mainstream news media, or public radio and television.
Some people still use a manual typewriter.
Some people still use Lynx and it is very quick.
Some people still use ship.
Some people still use that.
Some people still use the Native American languages .
Some people still use the Native American languages.
Some people still use the stations as a convenience.
Some people still use their mouse to move from one text bar to the next in a form.
Some people still view children as little more than a material asset.
Some people still wear kimonos every day in Japan.
Some people still work on commission.
Some people still write off both.
Some people stop and go.
Some people stop and talked to practitioners.
Some people stop at the crater rim, and others continue to the very highest point on the mountain.
Some people stop because of murder.
Some people stop breathing for up to a minute or even more hundreds of times a night.
Some people stop eating, while others pick up old habits such as smoking and drinking.
Some people stop having asthma attacks as they get older.
Some people stop here every day.
Some people stop in and have a drink, or just stop to see the scenery.
Some people stop right here and take the wrong liberty.
Some people stop right there with a single class.
Some people stop right there.
Some people stop sending in household reports before their case officially closes.
Some people stop smoking because they want to set a good example for others.
Some people stop taking their medications due to the severity of the side effects.
Some people stop the therapy after several months.
Some people stop wearing their rings due to contractures of their fingers.
Some people stop, some people stare.
Some people store both buds and hash in a freezer as a long term method of storage.
Some people store cues in a rack, which is normally attached to a wall.
Some people store more calories than other people.
Some people store passwords in notebooks, others in a locked drawer.
Some people store so many other things in their garage that there is no room for their car.
Some people store up hurts, irritations or resentments against a partner for years.
Some people strengthen the society just by being the kind of people they are.
Some people stress about meeting the in-laws.
Some people stretch their piercings, to get larger jewellery through.
Some people stride, others amble.
Some people strive for success.
Some people strive to fill the void with achievements.
Some people strive to maintain an air of normality.
Some people strongly believe a good quarterback can be picked up from the mid-rounds and on.
Some people strongly believe in miracles.
Some people strongly disagree quality is the problem.
Some people strongly disagree with the use of natural forestlands for the harvesting of the trees.
Some people strongly object to the term.
Some people strongly prefer gamepad.
Some people strongly prefer stylus.
Some people struggle all their lives, a chain comes in and, boom, they're put out of business.
Some people struggle emotionally following a miscarriage.
Some people struggle their entire lives to break into show business.
Some people struggle to maintain their fidelity to their one true love.
Some people struggle to simply keep food on the table and shoes on their feet.
Some people struggle toward success.
Some people struggle with a lack of motivation.
Some people struggle with bigger problems that they hold inside.
Some people struggle with religious beliefs that prohibit or discourage masturbation.
Some people struggle with that transition.
Some people struggle with the idea of hell.
Some people study algae.
Some people study amphibians.
Some people study animals.
Some people study ants.
Some people study aspects of life such as dance and symbolism.
Some people study astronomy.
Some people study atmospheres.
Some people study bears.
Some people study because they actually enjoy it.
Some people study bees.
Some people study best in the morning with a quiet environment.
Some people study best with a partner.
Some people study better during the day, while others are more effective at night.
Some people study better with friends.
Some people study butterflies.
Some people study cattle.
Some people study chickens.
Some people study chimpanzees.
Some people study comedy and try really hard when they re up there.
Some people study designs.
Some people study dinosaurs.
Some people study dogs.
Some people study dolphins.
Some people study dragonflies.
Some people study ecology.
Some people study elephants.
Some people study fish.
Some people study for years before they develop their own individuality within a style.
Some people study formulae.
Some people study freshwater algae.
Some people study harder.
Some people study history just because they have a passion for it.
Some people study horses.
Some people study hummingbirds.
Some people study insects.
Some people study language and become linguists.
Some people study life.
Some people study lions.
Some people study mammals.
Some people study medical science and some study engineering.
Some people study mollusks.
Some people study more efficiently and retain information better at certain times of day.
Some people study parrots.
Some people study patterns.
Some people study rabbits.
Some people study red algae.
Some people study reptiles.
Some people study sharks.
Some people study sheep.
Some people study spiders.
Some people study the Bible because they heard that a chapter a day keeps the devil away.
Some people study the human body.
Some people study the search engines to determine what designs work best for each engine.
Some people study turtles.
Some people study what people think about their body .
Some people study what people think about their body.
Some people study worms.
Some people stuff themselves with food at night, have trouble sleeping and wake up with appetite.
Some people stuff two many pairs of socks into their ski boots and sacrifice control while skiing.
Some people stumble around attempting to 'make their dream' come true.
Some people stumble into a job by luck or accident.
Some people stumble into careers that end up being better than their first choice.
Some people stumble out into cabs that wait by the curb.
Some people stumble over the word 'apostolic' as well.
Some people stumble through life but with no real joy.
Some people stutter because of brain injury or stroke.
Some people submit entries for their own use.
Some people submit other people's email addresses.
Some people substitute a fascination with the Scripture for an obedience to the Scripture.
Some people substitute it with rice when they fill the pigeons.
Some people substitute sucking lollipops or candy.
Some people succeed at a very high level.
Some people succeed because they are destined to.
Some people succeed despite difficult histories.
Some people succeed in science despite their reputations.
Some people succeed in spite of handicaps.
Some people succeed in their intentions, some people fail.
Some people succeed in writing with much more ambitious assumptions, e.g., writing for their tutor.
Some people succeed to find such stores but all they find is invaluable items or coal.
Some people successfully do their own divorces.
Some people successfully handle disasters b.
Some people succumb to severe attacks of spontaneous pants dropping.
Some people suck.
Some people suddenly tell their partner that they want to be tied up or whatever.
Some people suffer a bad or toxic reaction to even low doses of amphetamines.
Some people suffer a few, and some more.
Some people suffer a lot at the end of their lives.
Some people suffer allergic reactions when they contact hairs from the caterpillar.
Some people suffer almost unbearable torture as they toss and turn.
Some people suffer an allergic response if bitten by a flea, reacting against the animals saliva.
Some people suffer backlash to their teleworking with regularity.
Some people suffer because of mistakes that they themselves make.
Some people suffer bouts of insomnia.
Some people suffer brain damage.
Some people suffer damage.
Some people suffer death.
Some people suffer decisions.
Some people suffer for many years using a uncomfortable rigid or too soft foam support.
Some people suffer for no apparent reason.
Some people suffer from a fluctuating cycle that leads to irregular sleep patterns.
Some people suffer from abnormalities.
Some people suffer from an anxiety disorder and depression together.
Some people suffer from arthritis.
Some people suffer from asthma.
Some people suffer from attacks of gout after prolonged treatment with diuretics.
Some people suffer from bloating and gas for several weeks after adding bran to their diets.
Some people suffer from both short as well as long sightedness.
Some people suffer from chronic or recurrent tonsillitis which can be bacterial.
Some people suffer from Crohn's disease.
Some people suffer from decreased mobility.
Some people suffer from diseases.
Some people suffer from dysthymia for years.
Some people suffer from emotional masochism .
Some people suffer from emotional masochism.
Some people suffer from external otitis, an infection of the outer ear canal.
Some people suffer from eye diseases.
Some people suffer from hay fever when pollen is in the air.
Some people suffer from headaches.
Some people suffer from herpeses.
Some people suffer from imposter syndromes.
Some people suffer from increased hair loss during the summer or winter- time.
Some people suffer from inflammatory acne.
Some people suffer from intestinal diseases.
Some people suffer from involuntary or pathological lying.
Some people suffer from isolated or periodic bouts of exhaustion.
Some people suffer from jet lag more than other people do .
Some people suffer from jet lag more than other people do.
Some people suffer from nasal allergies all year long, while others only have it seasonally.
Some people suffer from night terrors, sudden, frightening interruptions in sleep.
Some people suffer from oral herpeses.
Some people suffer from other mental abnormalities such as psychoneurosis and psychosis.
Some people suffer from psychical problems.
Some people suffer from severe constipation because their colon holds on to feces too long.
Some people suffer from syndromes.
Some people suffer from the absence of enough daylight and can get different degrees of depression.
Some people suffer greater rates of diabetes and related disabilities than others.
Some people suffer headaches and other discomfort when suddenly discontinuing caffeine.
Some people suffer heart problems from their food addictions.
Some people suffer in peace the way others suffer in war.
Some people suffer in silence, cutting out activities they love for fear of an accident.
Some people suffer incredible hardship while others are blessed with comfort and ease.
Some people suffer mental imbalance due to allergens in common foods.
Some people suffer more severe forms, such as clinical depression, agoraphobia, or panic attacks.
Some people suffer more than a temporary feeling of being down in the dumps.
Some people suffer more than others from flea bites.
Some people suffer multiple disadvantages.
Some people suffer only mild and passing effects.
Some people suffer pain for a week or more.
Some people suffer pain.
Some people suffer physical pain.
Some people suffer recurring bouts separated by months or years but feel well in between.
Some people suffer stomach upsets due to allergens in food such as nuts or shellfish.
Some people suffer the negative effects of diabetes years or even decades before they are diagnosed.
Some people suffering from insomnia spend too much time in bed unsuccessfully trying to sleep.
Some people suggest catching and using plankton.
Some people suggest charting out the stitches on graph paper to find the correct reversible path.
Some people suggest diet supplements and vitamins.
Some people suggest dim light, some suggest a slightly cool room.
Some people suggest DNA sampling to obtain proof of paternity for all newborns and parents.
Some people suggest enclosing a self-addressed stamped envelope.
Some people suggest giving up salt on popcorn.
Some people suggest increasing taxes on the rich and giving the additional money to the poor.
Some people suggest it ws an astronomical conjunction of planets or stars.
Some people suggest keeping all like documents in a single notebook.
Some people suggest leaving a radio on in the yard.
Some people suggest leaving the container on a window ledge for three days before the full moon.
Some people suggest packing steel wool in the hole.
Some people suggest replacing the income tax with a larger sale tax.
Some people suggest reversing the order of the comparison, so the literal value always comes first.
Some people suggest solutions other than buying new computers.
Some people suggest some form of mace or pepper spray like the postman uses.
Some people suggest splicing videotape with clear desk-type cellophane tape.
Some people suggest tapering doses.
Some people suggest that everyone sits in their cars and wait after their given curfews.
Some people suggest that expanding the free way more widely can solve the problem.
Some people suggest that force goes up by the square of the boat's length.
Some people suggest that free-standing fans or extractor fans can also increase air flow.
Some people suggest that goose populations are damaging ecosystems.
Some people suggest that it is being overused.
Some people suggest that it is extended to include any friendly help.
Some people suggest that it is located on another planet, others that it is like a pure land.
Some people suggest that mixing the two causes oxidation and eventually corrodes the leads.
Some people suggest that off-shore investments are a way to avoid taxes.
Some people suggest that our prayer is invalid.
Some people suggest that paid petitioners make the drive less real or somehow illigitimate.
Some people suggest that suburbanization has been a social movement.
Some people suggest that such assignment is impossible.
Some people suggest that technology is what it is all about.
Some people suggest that the early Christian movement was an egalitarian one.
Some people suggest that the games prey on compulsive gamblers.
Some people suggest that the money be reinvested in higher-yielding securities.
Some people suggest that the Olympics never had amateurs.
Some people suggest that there are some gaps in the firewall of protection.
Some people suggest the primary activity of science is hypothesis testing.
Some people suggest to use melatonin.
Some people suggest using a simple seven watt bulb or two to three candles.
Some people suggest using dental floss.
Some people suggest using phosphoric acid for passivation.
Some people suggest using two stencils, one normally, and one on top as a guide.
Some people suggest using unique strings such as an email address.
Some people suggest vitamin A, as well as oral antibiotics to prevent miliaria.
Some people suggest wrapping a feverish child in blankets.
Some people sum up the development of intelligent architecture in four stages.
Some people sun themselves on the rocks or the pools' small sandy area.
Some people sun, other people lie on the floats or lean on the floats.
Some people supplement their home heating with wood stoves.
Some people support environmental legislation and the right to life.
Some people support gun control laws simply because they are opposed to guns.
Some people support it, while others condem it.
Some people support moving out some of the cows and sheep and farming kangaroos instead.
Some people support salami tactics, arguing that small measures can have a cumulative effect.
Some people support staff.
Some people support the idea of a limited hunting season on wolves.
Some people support the local scene by providing donations, ramps, etc.
Some people support the strict drug laws.
Some people support their families by carving and hunting.
Some people suppose that salvation is a lot like winning such an unexpected prize.
Some people supposedly can tell a lot about their ancestors in their last names.
Some people suppress anger which causes it to fester inside of the person.
Some people surf the net looking for certain jokes, and avoid others.
Some people surf with graphics off.
Some people surrender only to their own imagined self-interest.
Some people surrender their freedom willingly - but others are forced to surrender it.
Some people surrender their freedom willingly but others are forced to surrender it.
Some people survey the hourly rates of lawyers and then choose the lawyer with the lowest rate.
Some people survive attacks.
Some people survive death.
Some people survive in apparent good health for many years despite the spread of the melanoma.
Some people survive the several days' journey by bicycle, if they get an early start.
Some people survive well enough with animals and allergies, but it does require some effort.
Some people suspect coyotes are taking more than an acceptable number of fawns.
Some people suspect that they are limiting their supply on purpose to drive up supply.
Some people suspect their comments mean little.
Some people suspend retirement savings when the kids are in college.
Some people suspend their bundles from coat hangers.
Some people swallow air frequently because they have post-nasal drip, chew gum, or smoke.
Some people swallow saliva to relieve heartburn and swallow air at the same time.
Some people swam away on the first day.
Some people swam naked.
Some people swear by an eyepiece or a barlow saying it is the best to the exclusion of all else.
Some people swear by anise or fennel seeds, which are gastric stimulants.
Some people swear by any pronouncement labeled science.
Some people swear by certain brands of CDs.
Some people swear by clipless pedals.
Some people swear by copper bowls for maximum volume.
Some people swear by electric fences for goats.
Some people swear by ginseng chicken soup.
Some people swear by highlighting text sentence by sentence or line by line and reading it that way.
Some people swear by it and some people swear at it.
Some people swear by it, and some people swear at it.
Some people swear by it, for others it's the subject of jokes.
Some people swear by it, some people swear at it.
Some people swear by it, some think it is snake oil.
Some people swear by it, though there is no evidence that it really works.
Some people swear by it, while others think it is nonsense.
Some people swear by it.
Some people swear by medicated starter and others swear at people who use it.
Some people swear by new year's resolutions.
Some people swear by one and some people by the other.
Some people swear by other inebriants, but let's be realistic.
Some people swear by personal-finance software.
Some people swear by that type of software.
Some people swear by the sensual effects created by rubbing a piece of ambergris on the skin.
Some people swear by the, others swear to junk 'em.
Some people swear by washing it every day.
Some people swear cut bait dipped in garlic oil works great.
Some people swear that copper bracelets on their wrists help their arthritis.
Some people swear the shirt was black.
Some people swear they are conniving con artists.
Some people swear they are in Arizona, but it has never been confirmed by any hard evidence.
Some people swear they're addicted to it.
Some people swear they're coming back just for the fun of it-and wind up joining.
Some people swear they've found Sasquatch hair samples, but the DNA evidence is inconclusive.
Some people swear up and down that they work great.
Some people sweat more than others.
Some people sweat more, some less due to hereditary and body composition factors.
Some people sweat so much that they go thru a shirt in just a few minutes.
Some people sweat with very little precipitating causes.
Some people swim for competition, but the main reason why people swim is because it is fun.
Some people swim in it, live near it and now are getting sick from it.
Some people swim just for the fun of it, and others choose to swim competitively.
Some people swim on their first trip.
Some people swim or jump off rocks.
Some people swim there, including in winter time.
Some people swing both ways.
Some people swirl the water and drop the egg into the center.
Some people switch providers so they can get free Web space.
Some people switch to the veggie-life for health reasons.
Some people switch to thongs to let their feet dry off when on the docks, etc.
Some people systematically add ink to their cartridges to ensure it never runs dry.
Some people systematically ignore what the intercessor says - they switch off deliberately.
Some people take a blow to the head and walk away.
Some people take a certain comfort in knowing that.
Some people take a drug because they are curious about what the effects feel like.
Some people take a job or embark on a career because they expect to get something from it.
Some people take a long time to get to know.
Some people take a middle road.
Some people take a mixture of insulin.
Some people take a perverse pleasure in it.
Some people take a psychology masters but more people take a physical education emphasis.
Some people take a stroll through nature, have a bath in the sea or hear some music.
Some people take a year out and work in industry after their second year.
Some people take about anything too seriously.
Some people take action.
Some people take admitting a mistake as being weak and imperfect.
Some people take advantage of it.
Some people take advantage of off season for lower rates.
Some people take advantage of the city's eminent escapability .
Some people take Alaska's ferries to escape from the world, and some book passage to discover it.
Some people take alcohol.
Some people take all marketing, some diversify their curriculum across the board.
Some people take along everything when they go camping.
Some people take an aspirin a day, and it decreases the chance of heart attack.
Some people take an aura of negativism wherever they go.
Some people take an extreme view, while many fall somewhere between the two camps.
Some people take an intellectual approach to the gospel.
Some people take anabolic steroid pills or injections to try to build muscle faster.
Some people take anti-arthritic medications for their entire lives.
Some people take antihistamines only on the days they are having symptoms.
Some people take anti-HIV medication and get better.
Some people take apprenticeship.
Some people take around decorations, like screens, to build an air of home.
Some people take art classes.
Some people take as long as a month.
Some people take aspirin daily to reduce the risk of stroke, heart attack, or other heart problems.
Some people take aspirin, acetaminophen, or ibuprofen before going to bed or upon waking.
Some people take astrology very seriously.
Some people take awhile to understand.
Some people take backbiting to cover only that which is false or contrary to fact.
Some people take better care of their cars and lawnmowers than their bodies.
Some people take better care of their pets than they do themselves, a volunteer says.
Some people take big breaks between sets.
Some people take both.
Some people take breaths.
Some people take business cards for granted.
Some people take calcium pills.
Some people take care of cats or plants while neighbors or loved ones enjoy vacation.
Some people take care of other people.
Some people take care.
Some people take coffee breaks.
Some people take copyrights a bit too far.
Some people take creation stories literally.
Some people take dating too seriously.
Some people take decisions.
Some people take diabetes medicines that can accidentally make their blood sugar too low.
Some people take diet pills, laxatives or water pills to lose weight.
Some people take dog shows very seriously.
Some people take drawers.
Some people take drug tests to keep their jobs.
Some people take drugs occasionally, while others become highly drug-dependent.
Some people take drugs or smoke cigarettes which hurt their bodies.
Some people take drugs.
Some people take easily to a managerial role.
Some people take everyday stresses in stride.
Some people take exceptional care.
Some people take fingerprints.
Some people take following in their parents' footsteps a little bit too far.
Some people take for granted the accessibility to birth control, condoms, and abortion.
Some people take four years to become a physicist or mathematician.
Some people take great exception to the idea of anyone looking forward to the rapture.
Some people take great pains to splat, blend, microwave etc.
Some people take great risks with their food.
Some people take great umbrage to it.
Some people take greater risks than others, and some people are simply luckier than others.
Some people take guidance from the Bible.
Some people take guns.
Some people take ibuprofen for the pain.
Some people take information for granted and think they are entitled to get it.
Some people take it as an insult, but there really is no other way.
Some people take it as that.
Some people take it back by the case.
Some people take it even further.
Some people take it even more seriously than that.
Some people take it for clearing runny noses, some for hives, and some for more serious allergies.
Some people take it for decades.
Some people take it more personal than others.
Some people take it more seriously, though.
Some people take it multiple times, in their sophomore and junior years.
Some people take it to extremes and actually change the rock so that they can climb it.
Some people take it too far.
Some people take it too seriously.
Some people take it up just for something to do.
Some people take it upon themselves to make suicide easier.
Some people take it very seriously.
Some people take large stuff-sacks to cover their packs for flying.
Some people take laser guns.
Some people take less than the prescribed dose because they fear addiction or are feeling better.
Some people take less time, some more.
Some people take less time.
Some people take life seriously enough to want to change it.
Some people take life way to seriously, way, way to seriously.
Some people take life.
Some people take longer than others to come to terms with denial, anger, guilt, or depression.
Some people take longer than others to feel better, depending on what they ve gone through.
Some people take longer than others to learn new techniques.
Some people take longer than others to pick up new skills.
Some people take longer than others to recover from their operation.
Some people take longer than others.
Some people take longer to adjust and do well in their jobs.
Some people take longer to find the right word, to make a point or clarify an issue.
Some people take longer to get posts than others.
Some people take longer to heal from yeast overgrowth, and some take a much shorter period of time.
Some people take longer to heal.
Some people take longer to recognize symptoms and to accept the diagnosis.
Some people take longer to respond than others.
Some people take longer to warm up.
Some people take lots of vitamins, and supplements.
Some people take Magic too seriously.
Some people take more care to hide their wisdom than their folly.
Some people take more convincing.
Some people take more time than that to decide on what type of car they are going to buy.
Some people take most of what the Bible says very literally.
Some people take much longer and other people take a little less.
Some people take much longer to fall in love than others.
Some people take much pain.
Some people take no pride in themselves and so show no pride in any aspect of their lives.
Some people take notes, some appear to be sleeping and others are listening with glazed eyes.
Some people take off and go camping, and there are the usual picnics and parties.
Some people take off running just at the sight of a police officer.
Some people take offense.
Some people take on Jewish names as adults.
Some people take one child while other take brother and sister groups.
Some people take only one verse at a sitting.
Some people take out home improvement loans or home equity loans to cover the cost of improvements.
Some people take out right below to simplify their multi-run shuttles.
Some people take own life.
Some people take pain quietly and others lash out.
Some people take pain.
Some people take paper trash to shore and burn it.
Some people take parsley tea.
Some people take part in a shared communal life with the volunteers and their families.
Some people take pictures.
Some people take pleasure in creating and propagating viruses.
Some people take pleasure in the same beer every day, but they miss much.
Some people take poetry entirely too seriously.
Some people take poetry seriously.
Some people take pride in their irritability, anger or worry.
Some people take prophylactic medicines for years .
Some people take prophylactic medicines for years.
Some people take pulses.
Some people take quickly to the piano, others to carpentry.
Some people take religion pretty seriously.
Some people take religion seriously.
Some people take selfies to demonstrate their daring.
Some people take several grams a day indefinitely.
Some people take shoe wearing to an extreme.
Some people take steps.
Some people take such a low view of themselves that they fall into complete despair.
Some people take supplements because they are sick.
Some people take synthetic forms of creatine in hopes of enhancing muscle performance.
Some people take tea.
Some people take that kind of music and just play through it the same way it's been played before.
Some people take that kind of stuff personally.
Some people take that message to heart.
Some people take that oath more seriously than others.
Some people take that to be an antisocial gesture and find it a reason to dislike cats.
Some people take that whole dark end of it and try and suppress it.
Some people take the abolition of public and private a little too literally.
Some people take the Bible seriously when it says that humans have dominion over Earth.
Some people take the easy-out by using a cleaning cartridge.
Some people take the entrepreneurial path to achieve their economic, personal and retirement goals.
Some people take the idea surface as concrete.
Some people take the medicine daily to stop outbreaks from recurring.
Some people take the medicine three or four times a day, every day.
Some people take the motherboard and CPU from what was a hot desktop box and use it in a web server.
Some people take the objects home, and the rest of it gets thrown out.
Some people take the opportunity anyway.
Some people take the opportunity to pass something on, or to heal an old wound.
Some people take the opposite tack - they refuse to read the obituaries.
Some people take the road less traveled.
Some people take the road most traveled.
Some people take the same dose every day.
Some people take the stand that seals are lazy creatures.
Some people take the test once and figure whatever sign it says they are, that's what sign they are.
Some people take the time to catch up on chores.
Some people take the view that checking their pages in the two major browsers is validation enough.
Some people take their aggressions out on pillows.
Some people take their casts right in their hospital room.
Some people take their deck chairs to the front of the ship so they can see where they are going.
Some people take their drinking more seriously than others.
Some people take their failures to heart.
Some people take their food way too seriously.
Some people take their job too seriously to show even a little courtesy.
Some people take their minis to schools and make presentations to the classes.
Some people take their music way too literally.
Some people take their pets along to save money.
Some people take their reptile friends wherever they go.
Some people take their search tools very seriously indeed.
Some people take themselves far too seriously.
Some people take themselves too seriously.
Some people take things a step further still and get their mortgage in a foreign currency.
Some people take things way too seriously sometimes.
Some people take three or four shots a day to have a more flexible diabetes plan.
Some people take to it like a duck to water and some think it is the work of the devil, a heresey.
Some people take to leading after only a few climbs or they even start out leading.
Some people take to technology like ducks to water, others take to it like kittens to water.
Some people take two to three capsules every other day as their maintenance dose.
Some people take UFOs so seriously they sue the government for classified information.
Some people take vanity to a point of conceit.
Some people take vitamins, minerals, and herbal extracts to decrease cataract formation.
Some people take what they find literally, assuming that they have communicated with divinity.
Some people take years, others move up rather quickly.
Some people taking long-term steroids lose calcium through their urine.
Some people talk a good line but have never trained a dog to an Open level.
Some people talk about being crushed or bent under grief.
Some people talk about building an annex rather than a full new courthouse.
Some people talk about cannon being loaded with nails and bits of scrap metal.
Some people talk about capabilities as a means of doing security.
Some people talk about cleavages.
Some people talk about defined contribution.
Some people talk about discharging and expelling the black qi.
Some people talk about education at election time.
Some people talk about fast food and take out and certainly that's growing.
Some people talk about 'feeding' pupils information or knowledge.
Some people talk about five minutes of fame.
Some people talk about gun control.
Some people talk about having a skeleton in their closet.
Some people talk about it - some people just do it.
Some people talk about loyalty.
Some people talk about our lack of crime prevention programs.
Some people talk about the guy with a hammer thinking everthing is a nail and taking a swing.
Some people talk about the internet revolution.
Some people talk about the vital force, or the Chi in the body.
Some people talk about what happened at Louden.
Some people talk about what's happening in the Black or Hispanic community. or world problems.
Some people talk and talk and talk without saying much at all.
Some people talk as if the standards are something to protect children from.
Some people talk because they think sound is more manageable than silence.
Some people talk better when they breathe vacuum.
Some people talk in their sleep.
Some people talk it, then go home alone.
Some people talk it.
Some people talk much but say little.
Some people talk of executions with a relish that approaches lust.
Some people talk of getting back their sea legs after being ashore.
Some people talk of the end of science.
Some people talk of the secret swimming pool in the basement.
Some people talk of the United States, of Africa.
Some people talk real fast.
Some people talk real slow.
Some people talk to quote, some to think, some to figure life out.
Some people talk to rocks.
Some people talk to their friends or family.
Some people talk to their plants.
Some people talk to trees.
Some people talk too fast, some too slow.
Some people talk, some people build.
Some people talk.
Some people tap on the table top with their hands.
Some people tap their feet, some people snap their fingers, and some people sway back and forth.
Some people tap their melons and listen for the right kind of thump.
Some people tape their goals to their bathroom mirror or refrigerators.
Some people target pornography as the medium most likely to depict women in an offensive manner.
Some people taxiderm their pets after they die .
Some people taxiderm their pets after they die.
Some people teach blind students, and some teach sighted students.
Some people teach surfing.
Some people teach that choking can be safely done if pressure on the windpipe is avoided.
Some people teach that the first men lived nomadic lives among the woods and plains.
Some people teach the leader starts on the left, and the follower starts on right.
Some people teach their birds a phone number.
Some people teach their horses to rest a toe as they clean the hoof.
Some people teach.
Some people tease in order to get to know another person better or to express affection.
Some people telecommute biweekly while others telecommute two days per week.
Some people telework full-time, but a larger number telework one or two days a week.
Some people tell a joke and everybody laughs.
Some people tell all they know, others tell a great deal more.
Some people tell little lies about themselves when they first begin a relationship.
Some people tell stories of how the food is one of the best things about Greece.
Some people tell stories using words, others use images.
Some people tell stories.
Some people tell the dream, some people keep it to themselves.
Some people tell their story, some people teach.
Some people tend to be harsh on themselves and gentle with others.
Some people tend to be painfully aware of their weaknesses.
Some people tend to be very frank and honest about everything they do.
Some people tend to become a bit greedy with alcohol if some one else is paying.
Some people tend to become more careless when drinking alcohol.
Some people tend to binge on low-fat foods, thus exceeding their calorie needs and gaining weight .
Some people tend to binge on low-fat foods, thus exceeding their calorie needs and gaining weight.
Some people tend to build friendships through shared personal difficulties.
Some people tend to call that apathy and put that label on our generation.
Some people tend to feel despondent that the solidarity activities have been in vain.
Some people tend to find fault with every new project or idea.
Some people tend to fixate on one word at a time across the page.
Some people tend to get nervous about things.
Some people tend to go on for two or three pages with no paragraphing.
Some people tend to handle the stress of a head injury better than others.
Some people tend to have a rather strange attitude towards check-ups.
Some people tend to have an inherited disposition to getting ulcers.
Some people tend to have only mild reactions and can easily detect symptoms.
Some people tend to ignore the potential damage of a storm.
Some people tend to ignore their dogs' dental needs or rely on dog biscuits to deal with plaque.
Some people tend to keep feelings to themselves.
Some people tend to 'know more' than others.
Some people tend to lose on stocks even in a bull market.
Some people tend to over-eat dairy items, especially cheese.
Some people tend to overeat when they ve been drinking.
Some people tend to restate the code in their comments.
Some people tend to rush, some tend to drag.
Some people tend to suffer more severe episodes of depression.
Some people tend to think grass is grass.
Some people tend to think it's all creativity and no real work.
Some people tend to think little of their chances of being forgiven.
Some people tend to think that every new solution creates a new problem.
Some people tend to think that winning is what's important.
Some people tend to turn in two versions.
Some people tend to use sex as the method to feel love.
Some people tend to use the terms licences and permits interchangeably.
Some people tend to use their break times at work playing video games.
Some people tend to work so hard at their concentration that they tend to lose it.
Some people tend to yell and that is what bothers the most.
Some people test above their true abilities, while other people test below.
Some people test abstract concepts.
Some people test concepts.
Some people test light.
Some people test their blood once a day.
Some people test their mortality.
Some people test their soil every year to save money on fertilizer, lime and other soil amendments.
Some people thank guests, others like to explain their gift preferences.
Some people then boil up the soaking newspaper to loosen the fibres further.
Some people then experience some jerking movements in that limb.
Some people then throw it away.
Some people then treat the stump with chemicals to make it dry up faster and stop the spores.
Some people theorize that it works on other chemicals in the brain.
Some people theorize that it's a dedicated work ethic.
Some people theorize that microorganisms reached Earth from another planet.
Some people theorize that women are more faithful to religion.
Some people there are many unlikely occurrences such as wealth, status or power.
Some people there think it is good luck for a gecko to live in their house.
Some people there think it's about time, given the region's high-tech success.
Some people think a business meeting is the same as going out with some good buddies.
Some people think a few days, others several weeks.
Some people think a good cover letter is just as important as a good resume.
Some people think a good divorce lawyer behaves like a predator.
Some people think a guide dog is a super dog and can do things like tell the time.
Some people think a hot tub is a luxury item.
Some people think a little baby who is eating from a spoon looks smarter or grown-up.
Some people think a little cheese can make anything taste better.
Some people think a play is finished when it goes out.
Some people think a scenic part of their community deserves to be a national park.
Some people think a smaller permanent federal work force is the way to go.
Some people think a team player is just a person who always says yes.
Some people think a vitamin is a vitamin.
Some people think about big problems like global warming.
Some people think about doing things.
Some people think about giving all their property to avoid estate taxes.
Some people think about it more.
Some people think about it too much.
Some people think about reservation life, how bad, how terrible . . .
Some people think about sex when they see breasts.
Some people think abstraction makes things easier, while others think it makes things harder.
Some people think advertising relies upon shame.
Some people think alcohol improves driving .
Some people think all bats are vampire bats.
Some people think all chamber music sounds the same.
Some people think all it takes is technical skill.
Some people think all power is leadership.
Some people think all the important information is already out.
Some people think alot.
Some people think an attorney only adds to the problems.
Some people think an audience is defined by the technology it uses to access the site.
Some people think announcements are emminent.
Some people think any filtering is censorship.
Some people think applying for a library card is a long and complicated process.
Some people think approach is typical of the American way of life.
Some people think archeologists know all about rocks and the history of the earth.
Some people think astronauts are people who just go to the moon and come back.
Some people think async is a Bad Idea.
Some people think athletes have it easy.
Some people think bats are birds because they fly.
Some people think bats are birds.
Some people think bats are blind.
Some people think bats are ugly or grotesque.
Some people think best in the morning - others at night.
Some people think better moving around.
Some people think black bears are unpredictable and dangerous.
Some people think blood type tells about personality.
Some people think blue lenses work best.
Some people think brown eggs are better, others just fancy the color.
Some people think calls are a much better sale.
Some people think canned is best, others dry.
Some people think carpeting can cause allergic reactions or other health problems.
Some people think Chinas next plan is to take over Taiwan.
Some people think clearly when they are older.
Some people think coal is the way to go.
Some people think collecting comics is a way to make money.
Some people think computers are anything but romantic.
Some people think condoms ruin the spontaneity.
Some people think control is quiet and kids in their seat.
Some people think controlling immigration is the answer to crime.
Some people think cooperation pays off.
Some people think corporate sponsored education is becoming crucial for the success of any company.
Some people think cowboys are bad .
Some people think critics have more fun panning junk than praising good work.
Some people think depression is a different emotion.
Some people think design is expensive.
Some people think dipping the bread into the cup is safer than drinking from it.
Some people think disabilities are tragedies.
Some people think dressage is like watching grass grow.
Some people think drugs are cool.
Some people think ear plugs are for wimps.
Some people think eating cows is sick.
Some people think eating raw fish is normal, and other people think it's disgusting and abnormal.
Some people think Ecstasy is safe.
Some people think ego has to be eliminated for spiritual growth.
Some people think e-mail jokes are almost as abhorrent as hoaxes.
Some people think encryption is the big fix it all to the problem of personal privacy.
Some people think faith is a subjective thing.
Some people think feeling herpes is the worst part.
Some people think fighting is the best way to solve conflicts.
Some people think finance is all number crunching.
Some people think fish are a higher intelligence.
Some people think floods and a monsoon are synonymous.
Some people think food shopping on the Web is a little ridiculous.
Some people think football is a matter of life and death.
Some people think full-suspension is just for going downhill.
Some people think gays can convert to heterosexuality.
Some people think ginger is an acceptable substitute, but the flavors are different.
Some people think giving away the operating system for free is somehow tied to communism.
Some people think goats with no ears are cool.
Some people think grace and works are a team that together bring salvation to a person.
Some people think grammar is boring.
Some people think gratuitous mailto links are a form of harassment.
Some people think grazing animals are in a constant state of fear of predators.
Some people think great self-esteem is an attitude, but it really goes a lot deeper than that.
Some people think growing up on the street is the only way to grow up rough.
Some people think gun control infringes their rights.
Some people think hair bands are back and some people are convinced they never went away.
Some people think hairballs come with the territory, and to some extent, they're right.
Some people think hamsters are more likely to bite than other pet rodents.
Some people think happiness is eating good food and drinking a variety of drinks.
Some people think harassment occurs because nobody is face to face.
Some people think harvesting trees muddies streams.
Some people think having twins or triplets is the same as having two or three children in a row.
Some people think Hawaiian shirts are beautiful and some people think they are really ugly.
Some people think heavier binoculars are easy to keep steady.
Some people think heavy drinking is a more important part of college than the classes.
Some people think highly of such a remark.
Some people think homeschooling is easy.
Some people think honey and water is healthier.
Some people think honey is a health food.
Some people think honey or raw sugar is better because it has some vitamins in it.
Some people think hot water freezes faster than cold water.
Some people think how their safety depends on the idiots they work with.
Some people think if one cup is good, two cups is better.
Some people think if they avoid the pain, it'll just go away.
Some people think ill of the marsh, That is really rather harsh.
Some people think in a very orderly way.
Some people think in pictures.
Some people think in terms of redeployment just within a particular plant.
Some people think in words.
Some people think incarceration is too severe a penalty for a minor.
Some people think information is power.
Some people think IQ tests are useless.
Some people think it affects perspective's effects in vision a lot.
Some people think it all depends on who wins the televised debates.
Some people think it allows ownership and use of any type of firearm.
Some people think it can be done by painting one or two faces.
Some people think it comes from a local Aboriginal word of unknown meaning.
Some people think it costs too much money.
Some people think it dates to when a country store was located on the site.
Some people think it does.
Some people think it feels like a small bug bite.
Some people think it feels more like a dorm.
Some people think it feels nicer than wool.
Some people think it follows automatically from the first two.
Some people think it gives off heat because it is extremely hot there.
Some people think it goes too far.
Some people think it goes up because of demand.
Some people think it got better as they went along.
Some people think it has been denied and there is no further problem.
Some people think it has political overtones.
Some people think it has to do with the handedness of mothers.
Some people think it helps to get away for awhile.
Some people think it interfers with the looks of the page or with text and graphics.
Some people think it is a crime to change the colors of the links.
Some people think it is a cross between a northern dirt modified and a sprint car.
Some people think it is a good idea because it allegedly makes waste that is less long-lived.
Some people think it is a great book, but other people think it is too repetative.
Some people think it is a mixture of the geological features in the area.
Some people think it is a pathway from the espresso bars to the micro breweries.
Some people think it is a sin to eat pork or to wear a suit of mixed materials.
Some people think it is a very wide plain of dark material .
Some people think it is a very wide plain of dark material.
Some people think it is about giving and receiving.
Some people think it is all right for the public schools to start each day with a prayer.
Some people think it is because they're lesbians.
Some people think it is caused by baby migraines.
Some people think it is climate induced from cold and wet spring weather.
Some people think it is coming up with new ideas.
Some people think it is cool to use a fake name.
Some people think it is divine.
Some people think it is easy to get the recommended vegetables every day.
Some people think it is fun and glamorous.
Some people think it is fun or they are deranged.
Some people think it is important that a name has a clear gender identification.
Some people think it is just a boom or fad, that there is no actual business.
Some people think it is just an upset stomach.
Some people think it is just one huge caldera.
Some people think it is maintenance versus land acquisition.
Some people think it is much better for a country to export than import.
Some people think it is of the devil.
Some people think it is particularly despicable when church facilities are vandalized.
Some people think it is rewarding to be involved in the decision-making.
Some people think it is sinful to laugh, particularly in church.
Some people think it is the anti-Worms game but others find no harm in the game.
Some people think it is the human scent, but no one knows for sure.
Some people think it is the most important issue the profession has faced in several decades.
Some people think it is the scandal of the century.
Some people think it is too formal.
Some people think it is too hard to go there so long.
Some people think it is total hooey.
Some people think it is wrong to confess when the prayer of faith is going to manifest.
Some people think it is.
Some people think it looks similar to the toxic sandwort.
Some people think it means adultery or fornication when they hear the word love .
Some people think it means strikes only to pressure points.
Some people think it noble to travel rough.
Some people think it prevents vein spasms associated with migraines.
Some people think it runs the other way.
Some people think it s all so easy.
Some people think it s cool.
Some people think it s inappropriate to draw a moral line.
Some people think it s just a series of biological accidents.
Some people think it' s no good to attempt to replicate materials that have gone missing.
Some people think it s really cool, and some don t like it.
Some people think it s sick.
Some people think it s too big.
Some people think it smells a little bit like vanilla.
Some people think it sounds too much like a snake or a dinosaur.
Some people think it stands for bigotry.
Some people think it supports terrorism .
Some people think it supports terrorism.
Some people think it tastes like soap.
Some people think it to be the biggest famine in history.
Some people think it was all made up.
Some people think it was helpful.
Some people think it was in religious or funeral rituals.
Some people think it was murder.
Some people think it was suicide or murder.
Some people think it was unfair.
Some people think it was used as a calendar, a sundial or an observatory.
Some people think it's a brain drain.
Some people think it's a choice, others think it's genetics.
Some people think it's a Linux site.
Some people think it's a lot of bullshit, but it depends on the individual.
Some people think it's a privacy issue.
Some people think it's a superstitious ritual to ward off ghosts.
Some people think it's about making specialty beds.
Some people think it's about opera and art galleries.
Some people think it's air pollution, while others think they have discovered an oil spill.
Some people think it's all over - it is now.
Some people think it's all wrong.
Some people think it's amatter of getting more minorities into the industry and into the business.
Some people think it's aphrodisiac.
Some people think it's beautiful here.
Some people think it's because of theincident in Georgia.
Some people think it's because they all got killed.
Some people think it's being overweight, stress, salt and a host of other factors.
Some people think it's better for their game to walk.
Some people think it's better to make people click than to scroll.
Some people think it's completely disorganized.
Some people think it's complicated, but it's really very easy.
Some people think it's crass to be a self promoter.
Some people think it's cute or something.
Some people think it's designed to test our reaction.
Some people think it's enough to test in a limited number of browsers.
Some people think it's for elite runners only.
Some people think it's funny to generate hoaxes.
Some people think it's important to be sincere.
Some people think it's important to know what kind of computers one has at home.
Some people think it's inappropriate to draw a moral line.
Some people think it's inappropriate to make moral judgments anymore.
Some people think it's just a bunch of people who want to be farmers.
Some people think it's just a whirlwind.
Some people think it's just an economic power struggle in the world.
Some people think it's just another military town, when it' s more complex than that.
Some people think it's less political, then others think it's more political.
Some people think it's OK to burn trash in barrels because they've always done it that way.
Some people think it's politics over the hospital that are causing the problems.
Some people think it's profound, others think it is silly.
Some people think it's pushy.
Some people think it's radiation.
Some people think it's really gross.
Some people think it's sick.
Some people think it's so exotic.
Some people think it's somewhere between a joke and a leap into a dark room.
Some people think it's succeeding.
Some people think it's the cat's meow.
Some people think it's the file-sharing or the community.
Some people think it's the next big thing.
Some people think it's the warm feeling down deep inside their bodies.
Some people think it's time to start innovating.
Some people think it's too easy to get married.
Some people think it's too strong and too physical.
Some people think it's tragic.
Some people think it's unethical for a physician to make a remote diagnosis.
Some people think it's unfair that income is distributed so unequally.
Some people think it's very important that an engagement gift be of lasting value.
Some people think it's, oh, electromagnetic fields.
Some people think justice is primary and peace is secondary.
Some people think laughter is a waste of time.
Some people think law is courts and litigators.
Some people think law suits are like playing the lottery.
Some people think leftover yarn is only about an ounce or two, but it can be several pounds.
Some people think life begins at conception, while others think life begins at birth.
Some people think life is about the pursuit of pleasure.
Some people think list-making is a particularly futile exercise.
Some people think logging is adds neglible overhead.
Some people think long and hard about what they believe, give it a name, and stick to it.
Some people think loser picking is a dying craft.
Some people think low level violence leads to future abuse.
Some people think magazine journalism is an endangered species.
Some people think marketing can be done by simply sending letters, faxes and e-mails.
Some people think medication is prescribed too much.
Some people think meditation is too difficult to practice.
Some people think meetings are too short to bother with refreshments.
Some people think middle names are needless frou-frou.
Some people think money's sexy - others find it complex.
Some people think more is better.
Some people think more of the Mississippi Valley, others think loess of it.
Some people think moss only grows on the north side of trees.
Some people think motors run on smoke because when the smoke gets out, they stop working.
Some people think negative thoughts have no effect on our bodies.
Some people think nespapers exaggerate juvenile crime, or that it's confined mostly to large cities.
Some people think New Year resolutions are meant to be broken.
Some people think next year.
Some people think nuclear is the way to go.
Some people think nuclear power is an inherently bad idea.
Some people think numerology is just airy-fairy.
Some people think of a CD as a quick profit.
Some people think of a fax document with a signature on it.
Some people think of a museum as merely housing dry artifacts.
Some people think of a patio as a flat play area that adjoins a dwelling.
Some people think of art as intensely personal.
Some people think of Atlanta as a city of trees.
Some people think of chain letters as a harmless diversion.
Some people think of chipmunks as pests.
Some people think of communication as a beautiful dance.
Some people think of crystals as clear pretty rocks that are used for jewelry.
Some people think of economic development as buildings and bulldozers.
Some people think of education as preparation for life.
Some people think of evolution as change.
Some people think of exercise as a drag.
Some people think of fretted instruments as newcomers to traditional music in Scotland and Ireland.
Some people think of fruits only in terms of what they buy in a market to eat.
Some people think of good posture as being rigid and stiff.
Some people think of graffiti as a victimless crime.
Some people think of history as being dry and dull, but they're mistaken.
Some people think of interaction as multimedia or animated graphics.
Some people think of it as a collection of citations from the past.
Some people think of it as a food chain.
Some people think of it as a screening tool, though that is highly controversial.
Some people think of it as an arrogant-type sport.
Some people think of it as inherently dirty.
Some people think of it as protecting their investment.
Some people think of it as reimbursement.
Some people think of it as the body's sewage system.
Some people think of laminitis as presenting a problem to small ponies with ignorant owners.
Some people think of love as meaning simply the expression of physical and emotional affection.
Some people think of outlining as a straitjacket for creativity.
Some people think of phonetics as difficult and dry.
Some people think of pigs as smelly, dirty, and loud.
Some people think of places such as a state hospital or psychiatric ward.
Some people think of robins as winter birds, but in fact they're in Britain all year round.
Some people think of salvation as a subjective experience.
Some people think of shy people as rude, unfriendly, or as snobs.
Some people think of the AD diagnosis as the end, as a death sentence .
Some people think of the glass as half empty.
Some people think of the glass as half full.
Some people think of the Internet as a bunch of computers all over the world all hooked together.
Some people think of the Internet as just another medium.
Some people think of the king as having a spiritual role.
Some people think of the vertebral column as a rigid supporting rod.
Some people think of the Web as a cavernous online library.
Some people think of the Web as something like television.
Some people think of their car simply as transportation.
Some people think of their cars simply as transportation.
Some people think of themselves as weak or defective because they have panic attacks.
Some people think of trading as hunting.
Some people think of white farmhouses and rich, green meadows.
Some people think old goths are much better than new goths.
Some people think one day at a time.
Some people think only another vvet can understand or help.
Some people think otherwise.
Some people think our issue is marginal.
Some people think our listeners are smart.
Some people think our more stressful lifestyle is a contributing factor.
Some people think our service is cheap compared to the costs they experience looking on their own.
Some people think our stuff is punk, some think it's got some soul.
Some people think owning a business is glamorous.
Some people think owning rental property is going to be a cake walk.
Some people think paleontologists are people who do nothing but dig up old bones.
Some people think parenthood and sex are mutually exclusive activities.
Some people think peaches are the ultimate taste in fruit - some people think apricots are.
Some people think people end up gay because of absent fathers.
Some people think photography is going to go away as everything in our industry becomes digitized.
Some people think physical fitness is a moral issue.
Some people think pirates are mean.
Some people think plant taxonomy is long-finished with naming the earth's organisms.
Some people think political correctness is just silly.
Some people think prayer in school is a joke.
Some people think prom is overrated and people spend way too much money on prom.
Some people think prompts are vital to our society.
Some people think public education is sick and needs a good dose of antibiotics.
Some people think ramming is for wussies.
Some people think REAL power is taking a gun and killing someone.
Some people think repentance applies only if one committed a sin and feels sorry about it.
Some people think rescue means reject.
Some people think rhubarb is a fruit, because it is used to make pies.
Some people think roadrunners bring good luck.
Some people think rural means farmers.
Some people think sea turtles cry.
Some people think search engines are a one time thing.
Some people think shopping is a cultural activity.
Some people think shots are just for kids.
Some people think sin and grace are like that.
Some people think slugs are the greatest thing since strawberry jam.
Some people think so .
Some people think so and actually swear by it.
Some people think so for many reasons .
Some people think so, and blame under investigation in Britain's state veterinary service.
Some people think so, and blame underinvestment in Britain s state veterinary service.
Some people think so, and they're making new laws as a result.
Some people think so, but the clear answer is no.
Some people think so, yes.
Some people think so.
Some people think soccer is a matter of life and death.
Some people think social change is a big, dramatic transformation that happens over a few weeks.
Some people think some of the steps have gone too far.
Some people think Springfield is the capital of Massachusetts.
Some people think squirrels are a nuisance because they raid bird feeders and gardens.
Some people think storage area networks and network-attached storage are converging.
Some people think such boards are associated with the occult and are dangerous.
Some people think sunflower seeds are for the birds.
Some people think supersweet varieties are actually too sweet, with less real corn flavor.
Some people think sweat makes a person smell bad .
Some people think sweat makes a person smell bad.
Some people think swimming in freezing water is fun, too.
Some people think swimming with dolphins can cure illness.
Some people think taking gingko and vitamin E helps.
Some people think teaching chimps tricks is demeaning.
Some people think technology is going to reconceptualize the learning at university.
Some people think that , in the stories , Chaucer was saying things about court politics .
Some people think that a church is a place where everybody gets along, all the time.
Some people think that a dirty mind is a perpetual feast.
Some people think that a drunk or stoned companion has automatically consented to sex.
Some people think that a new thing is supposed to do everything.
Some people think that a programmer's job is to write code.
Some people think that a ridge vent is difficult to install.
Some people think that a tan means good health and looks.
Some people think that a test score measures what a student accomplished in a course.
Some people think that abortion is an easy answer.
Some people think that abuse or neglect exists only when they see an animal who is injured.
Some people think that all Alaskan schools have moose walking around on their playgrounds.
Some people think that all cheerleaders do is jump around and scream.
Some people think that all dragons are evil, when quite the opposite is true.
Some people think that all environmental regulations are based upon junk science.
Some people think that all gardening comes to a halt when the temperature drops.
Some people think that all injury cases are bogus or suspicious.
Some people think that all TGs are queer, and others think that all queers are transgendered.
Some people think that alternative medicine works with an almost placebo effect.
Some people think that America needs to drill for more oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Some people think that an alien ship is following the comet.
Some people think that analytical rigor and a passion to make a difference are somehow inconsistent.
Some people think that animal communication has to be vocal.
Some people think that animals are pests.
Some people think that animals can predict the weather.
Some people think that animals like whales, eagles, and wolves are the only endangered species.
Some people think that answer is obvious.
Some people think that anybody can become a commercial model.
Some people think that asking for help is a sign of weakness.
Some people think that backmasking causes subliminal persuasion.
Some people think that band is taking away learning time.
Some people think that bats are dirty.
Some people think that bats are mean.
Some people think that bats are ugly.
Some people think that because children are children, they ll always be children.
Some people think that because the control does some complex behaviors, that it is good.
Some people think that being a college student alone is very busy work.
Some people think that being a programmer means knowing one or more computer languages.
Some people think that being carnal means one is evil.
Some people think that betting odds on horses is crazy.
Some people think that big money is all a community needs to grow and prosper.
Some people think that bisexual people are heterosexual or homosexual people who are confused.
Some people think that black holes are connected by wormholes through space.
Some people think that boxing is fit only for testosterone-laden males.
Some people think that Buddhist practice and meditation are about stopping thoughts.
Some people think that bullying is just a part of growing up.
Some people think that by giving away free religious things it is the highest compassion.
Some people think that capital punishment has been abolished in Australia.
Some people think that changing one's mind is a sign of instability.
Some people think that children who get massages develop quicker.
Some people think that chiropractors are being singled out as unjust targets of abuse.
Some people think that chloroplasts are like bacteria.
Some people think that clouds look like cotton balls or cotton candy.
Some people think that community colleges are simply a small patch in the educational quilt.
Some people think that condoms decrease the pleasure of sex.
Some people think that condoms make sex less enjoyable, or that condoms are too big or too small.
Some people think that contingent beneficiaries get paid right after primary beneficiaries do.
Some people think that corruption is their birth right.
Some people think that cosmetic treatment for facial wasting is just a quick-fix for the vane.
Some people think that cross was some boring historical account that has no meaning in life.
Some people think that currency hedging is necessary when they invest in a foreign stock.
Some people think that dahlias are too high maintenance to grow.
Some people think that database marketing is about databases.
Some people think that death is something good.
Some people think that depression and suicide are topics too sensitive to discuss.
Some people think that depression is just an extreme form of being sad.
Some people think that dietary supplements are a good substitute for a healthy diet.
Some people think that different colored blossoms have different flavors.
Some people think that doctors and nurses can put scrambled eggs back in the shell.
Some people think that doctors and nurses can put scrambled eggs back into the shell.
Some people think that drug laws are important so that drug dealers can be put in jail.
Some people think that during the fit, a person's brain 'resets', almost like a computer.
Some people think that educational television is just for youngsters.
Some people think that either they or others they know can never be good with technology.
Some people think that entrepreneurs are motivated by their greed for money.
Some people think that every episode of chest pain or angina is a heart attack.
Some people think that every single assertion in an article needs to be cited.
Some people think that evolution is how everything came together.
Some people think that excessive caning without hurting the child seriously is abuse.
Some people think that explaining a joke sucks all of the humor out of it.
Some people think that family violence shelters are gymnasiums filled with rows of cots.
Some people think that few have to endure such troubles as fall to their lot.
Some people think that fiction is about self-expression but that's baloney.
Some people think that flowery language and complicated writing is a sign of intellectual strength.
Some people think that football is a matter of life and death.
Some people think that footnotes or citations are only used to indicate the source of a quotation.
Some people think that frog legs taste like chicken.
Some people think that fun is the key to happiness.
Some people think that genealogy is only done in libraries, archives, and courthouses.
Some people think that globalization, on which every perceived ill is blamed, has gone too far.
Some people think that goats and homeschoolers go hoof in hand.
Some people think that gorillas are violent and territorial animals, but that is a myth.
Some people think that groundbreaking engineering is about getting there first.
Some people think that guarantees are outdated, overused, and ineffective.
Some people think that Guinea pigs are disgusting because they eat their own feces.
Some people think that gunfire and fireworks reflect happiness.
Some people think that halogen lights use a lot of energy.
Some people think that having one party stifles discussion and disagreement.
Some people think that having twins runs in families or skips a generation.
Some people think that healthy recipes have to taste blah.
Some people think that high protein diets help burn fat and lose weight.
Some people think that holding animals in captivity helps with study and research.
Some people think that 'homoios' and 'autos' merely means 'fitting', 'of the same kind'.
Some people think that horse slaughter is necessary for population control.
Some people think that humor is easy, that anybody can be funny with very little work.
Some people think that humor is inappropriate in times of serious illness.
Some people think that if one is a health-conscious vegetarian, it means giving up all vices.
Some people think that if they're even a day late, it shows up on the report.
Some people think that in the horn of a unicorn, there are magical powers.
Some people think that in times of difficulty they can modify the truth.
Some people think that injecting insulin is a cure for diabetes.
Some people think that insurance, workers compensation and welfare fraud are victimless crimes.
Some people think that is an outrageous guarantee.
Some people think that is bad mouthing the officials and all.
Some people think that is good.
Some people think that is magnificent.
Some people think that is what meek means, but they are wrong.
Some people think that it exercises the embryo.
Some people think that it is a misnomer, or a wrongly given name.
Some people think that it is even more healthful to restrict their diets to fruits.
Some people think that it is good enough just to throw food at a dog.
Some people think that it is necessary to the extinction of some ecosystems.
Some people think that it is okay to be in trouble for a couple of topics and ace the other topics.
Some people think that it is possible to take an eye out, wash it, and put it back.
Some people think that it looks like a picture of a volcano or a mushroom.
Some people think that it means just providing health care to the poor.
Some people think that it survived the last ice-age.
Some people think that it took away from it's roundness.
Some people think that it's repetitive to have the same information on their Websites.
Some people think that it's the best thing since sliced bread.
Some people think that journalism school, at the college level, is the best preparation.
Some people think that jumbo asparagus is old asparagus and is left in the field to get old or fat.
Some people think that just because some fireworks are legal in some states, they are more safe.
Some people think that larger countries benefit from globalization, while smaller countries suffer.
Some people think that large-scale engineering can be used to counteract global warming.
Some people think that learning a language is like growing a garden.
Some people think that leaving the hide on causes off flavor, especially in antelope.
Some people think that life is about the pursuit of pleasure.
Some people think that life was carried to Earth from another planet .
Some people think that living wills can only be used to limit the use of life-prolonging treatment.
Some people think that making New York's constitution gender-neutral is a waste of time.
Some people think that matter gets sucked through a black hole and then exits through a white hole.
Some people think that media is slanted towards the left.
Some people think that meetings are a waste of time.
Some people think that members of the tribe painted their legs a dark color.
Some people think that mentioning injuries produces fear and negativity.
Some people think that meteorites are in the sky.
Some people think that mitochondria look like bacteria.
Some people think that mulch attracts rodents.
Some people think that names are what make a person who they are.
Some people think that nicotine also curbs their appetite so that they eat less.
Some people think that nothing can be done without a god's help.
Some people think that once a year is often enough.
Some people think that once they are exercising they can eat whatever they want.
Some people think that once they've got a firewall they're secure.
Some people think that one ought always to do what one's conscience tells one to do.
Some people think that only industries can have hazardous waste.
Some people think that only the law can break Britain's low-skills culture.
Some people think that orienteering transformed from the Swedish military.
Some people think that other industries have more promise than automotive.
Some people think that our private lives are going away.
Some people think that people like roller coasters because of the adrenalin rush.
Some people think that percentage commissions are a good way to motivate fundraisers.
Some people think that pigs are too smart to be kept as pets.
Some people think that planning a trip is half the fun.
Some people think that plants breathe in carbon dioxide during the day and breathe out oxygen.
Some people think that players try to hurt each other on purpose.
Some people think that political science comes out of the daily newspaper.
Some people think that popular electronic musicians who become commercial sell out.
Some people think that psychologists study nothing but behaviour.
Some people think that putting a puppy in a crate is cruel.
Some people think that putting a web site up on the web is difficult and costs a lot of money.
Some people think that putting discipline in a positive way is being permissive.
Some people think that ranching and the cowboy lifestyle are a thing of the past.
Some people think that rattlesnakes always rattle their tail before they bite.
Some people think that reduced-fat means no calories or reduced calories.
Some people think that rock art is a type of storytelling.
Some people think that romance is easy, that anybody can be romantic with very little work.
Some people think that salad is boring.
Some people think that schools place too much importance on sports programs.
Some people think that science and art have very little in common.
Some people think that science can overcome all obstacles.
Some people think that self-esteem is linked to depression , eating disorders and bullying .
Some people think that self-esteem is linked to depression, eating disorders and bullying.
Some people think that several dozen million dollars for a single military plane is an outrage.
Some people think that sexual activity is more enjoyable when they are using drugs.
Some people think that sharper pains and more blood in the urine means a bigger sized kidney stone.
Some people think that shooting stars are literally stars that speed across the sky.
Some people think that Siberian tigers are white because they live in the snow.
Some people think that simple nudity is harmful.
Some people think that skimming and scanning is unique to the Web.
Some people think that softball is just a game.
Some people think that sophisticated encryption is a complete solution.
Some people think that speculation is like gambling, when in fact it is the very opposite.
Some people think that speeding is safer, that going slower is unsafe.
Some people think that spring fires are even useful as they burn the fuel accumulated in the ground.
Some people think that students have a right to fail and then to ask for help once they've failed.
Some people think that surveys are very precise with no room for error.
Some people think that taking medication is a sign of weakness.
Some people think that talk show hosts attack political figures a bit too much.
Some people think that tanning beds are a safe way to get a tan.
Some people think that teaching sex education only makes teens want to have sex.
Some people think that technology is a new idea.
Some people think that that was the Greek use of the theorem - to constructively add squares.
Some people think that that's good, others think that that's bad.
Some people think that the best treatment for constipation is taking laxatives.
Some people think that the biggest problem for the American family is economic pressure.
Some people think that the camera steals their soul.
Some people think that the Casuarina from Australia belongs to the family of needle trees.
Some people think that the church has replaced Israel.
Some people think that the church is a hospital, or a species of life insurance society.
Some people think that the devil is 'bad'.
Some people think that the dolphin gets their coloring from the way blood rushes through their body.
Some people think that the earth constantly gets new water but in reality, no new water is made.
Some people think that the Earth formed naturally billions of years ago.
Some people think that the Europe feels a sort of guilt because of sanctions and bombing.
Some people think that the first stamp is sufficient.
Some people think that the images in ToL depict violence against women.
Some people think that the interior appointments are a bit cheesy considering the price of the car.
Some people think that the internet has revived the art of writing.
Some people think that the Internet is a matter of life or death.
Some people think that the Internet is highly addictive.
Some people think that the internet is just for computer geeks and e-business people.
Some people think that the IPO market can provide quick and easy money.
Some people think that the Libertarian party and the Republican party have things in common.
Some people think that the male compulsion to hog credit and assign blame is bad for politics.
Some people think that the man's strange, vulture-like eye is a symbol of some unknown secret.
Some people think that the Mayan women went there to have their children.
Some people think that the name is a euphemism referring to the penis.
Some people think that the natural place for embedded wireless is everyday life.
Some people think that the old man is a father figure.
Some people think that the only way to change technology is to be an inventor.
Some people think that the only way to get ahead is to screw somebody over.
Some people think that the opinions of many count because they are much shared.
Some people think that the rational sciences and creative arts are worlds apart.
Some people think that the recipient of an organ inherits the donor's characteristics.
Some people think that the right time for it is before going to bed.
Some people think that the root possesses antiaging and immunological properties.
Some people think that the same kind of battle is being fought today over evolution.
Some people think that the small to medium berries have better flavor than larger berries.
Some people think that the spikelets resemble tiny rattlesnake rattles.
Some people think that the sun is a star.
Some people think that the tongue and stomach are connected, perhaps through reflux of liquid.
Some people think that the tree of life was a pomegranate tree.
Some people think that the unicorn legend was based upon the oryx , a long-horned antelope.
Some people think that the unicorn of legend was based upon the oryx.
Some people think that the whales are cruel, but the whales are really gentle and kind.
Some people think that their is nothing that they can do, but their is.
Some people think that their way is the only way.
Some people think that there are no longer any sleepwear standards.
Some people think that there are such things as miracles and they can be measured.
Some people think that there is more than one Universe .
Some people think that there is more than one Universe.
Some people think that there is no point to collecting but it is very useful.
Some people think that there's too much sex in the media.
Some people think that they are gods, while others worship a variety of gods.
Some people think that they are in love when actually they are feeling something else.
Some people think that they are slimy, cold, clammy, and extremely dangerous to humans.
Some people think that they came over the land bridge that linked Russia to Alaska centuries ago.
Some people think that they can diet and ride hard all week long.
Some people think that they can just take their latest brochure and lay it out on a web page.
Some people think that they crashed in the ocean, but no real debris was found.
Some people think that they do it, particularly females, to help store calcium for egg production.
Some people think that they have it.
Some people think that they just destroy a childs creativity.
Some people think that they just float around waiting to encounter prey.
Some people think that they make the moon look like it has two eyes and a big smile.
Some people think that they owe their good fortune to their own wise decisions.
Some people think that they tell the farmers when to plant or harvest the crops.
Some people think that they're just for freaks.
Some people think that they're uncultured.
Some people think that they're voting for the president of our country too.
Some people think that to get the best paint they have to buy it themselves.
Some people think that tossing anything between two slices of bread makes it a sandwich.
Some people think that totems and spirit guides and witches familiars are very similar in nature.
Some people think that traveling is the way to a wonderful life.
Some people think that trees are really messy and disgusting . . .
Some people think that tricksters have selected isolated fields and mashed down the crop.
Some people think that using the same color petex aids adhesion to the base of the ski.
Some people think that vegetarian cooking only revolves around sprouts and tofu.
Some people think that viewing the body is barbaric.
Some people think that Vitamin D is part of the rays in sunshine.
Some people think that was the biggest story.
Some people think that water softeners purify their water.
Some people think that welfare is good.
Some people think that what is going on inside our heads is pictures or descriptions.
Some people think that whatever they have done sexually is the best choice for everyone .
Some people think that when they stop smoking it is also a good time to go on a strict diet.
Some people think that white space on a resume is good, and for the most part, it is.
Some people think that wind tunnel testing is boring.
Some people think that wisdom can ONLY come from experiences.
Some people think that women talk too much.
Some people think that wrestling is stupid.
Some people think that writing is simple.
Some people think that, in the stories, Chaucer was saying things about court politics.
Some people think that, once they get into college, they can slack off in their senior year.
Some people think that's a great political issue.
Some people think that's all there is to computers.
Some people think that's gone too far.
Some people think that's the ultimate quest, but it's just begun.
Some people think that's the way to go.
Some people think that's what the go-kart races are for, but they are really completely different.
Some people think that's where it came from.
Some people think the angel race is sort of silly.
Some people think the annual report for the company is reason enough to own the stock.
Some people think the Bible is inspired in the same way that poetry is said to be inspired.
Some people think the Bible is nothing but a book of don ts.
Some people think the black sand beaches of Hawaii are pretty.
Some people think the book insults women.
Some people think the book's great.
Some people think the child is their own possession.
Some people think the country looks like an elephant's head.
Some people think the crisis started just as the prime minister became prime minister.
Some people think the custody right is more important than the freedom right.
Some people think the death penalty is a good thing, and others think it is a bad thing.
Some people think the death penalty is terrible, some think it's the only way.
Some people think the debate about globalization is whether it is good or bad.
Some people think the demo is wonderful, others are disappointed.
Some people think the descent into chaos has begun.
Some people think the devil is against religion.
Some people think the difference is quite subtle.
Some people think the dots in a domain name correspond to the dots in the numeric address.
Some people think the double-edged nature of technology's impact is beneficial.
Some people think the entire purpose of an army is to communicate threat.
Some people think the fastest way to wealth is through political power.
Some people think the future means the end of history.
Some people think the ghosts of some still do.
Some people think the gospels are similar.
Some people think the high compensation can have negative effects.
Some people think the idea of a classroom of identical children limits a child's individuality.
Some people think the idea of signing an Honor Pledge is a good idea.
Some people think the Internet is a wonderful repository of information on almost any subject.
Some people think the internet is impersonal, mean, ugly.
Some people think the Internet is the best thing ever to happen for communications.
Some people think the Internet is the most important invention since the printing press.
Some people think the investing revolution is all about cheap broker commissions.
Some people think the job is done when the computers are installed and linked.
Some people think the kids feel disconnected because they live far away.
Some people think the koalas' get high or drunk because there is a kind of alcahol in the leaves.
Some people think the lake is polluted.
Some people think the levels of carbon dioxide in our atmosphere are too high.
Some people think the library is entertaining.
Some people think the life of a romance writer is glamorous, but in reality it s hard work.
Some people think the lights currently in the park are intrusive.
Some people think the lines are landing directions for spacecraft.
Some people think the livestock industry therefore bears the onus for the infection.
Some people think the media is glamorous.
Some people think the mind plays a very important part in keeping the body healthy.
Some people think the monuments are tacky.
Some people think the movie is dumb, and has no real plot.
Some people think the name is too old-fashioned, too Southern or too black.
Some people think the new policies unreasonable to enforce.
Some people think the new policy is harsh on students.
Some people think the notion of using wind for electricity blew away years ago.
Some people think the object of recent legislation is to make fewer schools.
Some people think the only sexually transmitted diseases are syphilis and gonorrhea.
Some people think the only way to get a legislator's attention is to hire a lobbyist.
Some people think the people follow the artist like zombies.
Some people think the power emitted by the phones is so low, it's a silly thing to research.
Some people think the practice a bit out of the ordinary and unproven.
Some people think the pricier the restaurant, the better the service.
Some people think the process disfigures the body.
Some people think the property is an eye sore.
Some people think the resin has an unpleasant medicine odor.
Some people think the romance languages are beautiful.
Some people think the rule is fair and others disagree.
Some people think the same immune-system information is found in saliva.
Some people think the screen is too small, but that's just bull.
Some people think the second alternative is easier.
Some people think the site is tacky, and some think it's cheesy, but most find it quite amusing.
Some people think the snub was racially motivated.
Some people think the soft shell lobster meat is more tender while others like hard-shells.
Some people think the sole reason for playing the game is to win.
Some people think the sound from tube amplifiers is better than transistor-based amplifiers .
Some people think the sound from tube amplifiers is better than transistor-based amplifiers.
Some people think the sun is simply a means to get a tan.
Some people think the system can heal itself.
Some people think the three food groups are canned, frozen, and take-out.
Some people think the time to sell is when everyone else is selling.
Some people think the very notion is heresy.
Some people think the victims are the insurance companies.
Some people think the way to build a youth ministry is to take young people from concert to concert.
Some people think the web has absolutely everything.
Some people think the web is just for acquiring information.
Some people think the whole purpose of a church service is to entertain, uplift, and refresh.
Some people think the work of a librarian is routine.
Some people think the wrong idea about rape.
Some people think their cataract has returned, but it can be easily treated with the laser.
Some people think their cats are space aliens.
Some people think their individual vote elects the president.
Some people think there are hidden truths in anagrams.
Some people think there are no critical ideas left.
Some people think there are no right answers in philosophy, only better answers and worse answers.
Some people think there are too many printers available and some think there are too few.
Some people think there is a contradiction between religion and science.
Some people think there is a deep irony in travelling to a conference about teleworking.
Some people think there is a distinct difference between the two.
Some people think there is a national bubble zone around every abortion mill in the country.
Some people think there is luck involved in getting a dream job.
Some people think there is money where there really is none.
Some people think there is no hope .
Some people think there is no such thing as a miracle.
Some people think there is no such thing as justifiable homicide, but there is.
Some people think there is only one way.
Some people think there is price gouging going on.
Some people think there is still hope.
Some people think there is such a thing as flying mice but they are really bats.
Some people think there ought to be.
Some people think there used to be a planet there, but it broke up into pieces.
Some people think there's no satisfaction in a device that emerges from the box fully assembled.
Some people think there's problems to solve in what they call education.
Some people think there's something wrong with walking on water.
Some people think they are a waste of time others think they are vital.
Some people think they are above the law and dont want change no matter what.
Some people think they are allergic to wool .
Some people think they are already on the internet and that is enough.
Some people think they are beautiful.
Some people think they are better than they are.
Some people think they are church members because they have a childhood church connection.
Some people think they are cute.
Some people think they are going to die.
Some people think they are immune and some people are paranoid.
Some people think they are immune to it.
Some people think they are just old rugs on the floor.
Some people think they are just too healthy to have parasites.
Some people think they are kind of cute.
Some people think they are offensive.
Some people think they are powerless, because they make themselves powerless.
Some people think they are radical.
Some people think they are saving it by digging it up.
Some people think they are silly.
Some people think they are successful because of themselves.
Some people think they are the perfect vessel.
Some people think they are too good for church.
Some people think they are too grounded for it.
Some people think they are too old.
Some people think they are trashy looking.
Some people think they are unsightly and make too much noise.
Some people think they are worth a lot of money just because they have it.
Some people think they can canoe the entire river.
Some people think they can come to a health club and just let their minds relax.
Some people think they can compromise with a false religion.
Some people think they can control TV in the home.
Some people think they can cradle a phone between their shoulder and neck.
Some people think they can explain rationally, by thought, what they think.
Some people think they can find anything there and that anything they find is good information.
Some people think they can hear the grass grow.
Some people think they can hide from their creditors forever.
Some people think they can see evidence of cells in meteorites believed to have come from Mars.
Some people think they can throw switches on other people.
Some people think they can when they cup their hands over their mouths, breathe, and smell.
Some people think they did exist prior to the flood, but no remains have been dug up.
Some people think they do, and they think it is the way things have to be.
Some people think they get screwed out of a deal.
Some people think they had subscribed but have found their subscription didn t stick.
Some people think they have all the answers when they don t even know all the questions.
Some people think they have already been here.
Some people think they have enough gear and that they are happy but are they ever wrong.
Some people think they have to forgo love and friendship, because of art and writing.
Some people think they have to underline title with stars by hand.
Some people think they have to wear masks.
Some people think they hung on a Victorian bedroom wall to hold combs and brushes.
Some people think they just magically get there.
Some people think they know more than they do.
Some people think they know their destiny.
Some people think they look cool.
Some people think they look like a colon in ratios.
Some people think they' re above the law . . .
Some people think they re just tools of trade.
Some people think they see contradictions between books of the Bible that render it untrue.
Some people think they simply have to fill out a paper and send it to the state.
Some people think they sound better than regulated power supplies.
Some people think they use it to build up their army.
Some people think they want to show kids the miracle of birth .
Some people think they're a parody.
Some people think they're a real hoot.
Some people think they're bestowing an honour when they appoint someone as executor of an estate.
Some people think they're depressed because they have difficult relationships.
Some people think they're dirty and harbor diseases.
Some people think they're filled with dirt.
Some people think they're just better than other people, and that's just wrong.
Some people think they're ugly.
Some people think they're useless.
Some people think they're very dumb, like a frog or something.
Some people think they've been rebottled as that new soft drink with the floating flakes.
Some people think they've won the biggest award.
Some people think tourist attractions are silly.
Some people think trade equals exploitation.
Some people think 'trick training' is at best unnecessary and at worst cruel.
Some people think trying to read music is hard and difficult.
Some people think turning the other cheek is a sign of weakness.
Some people think turnovers are exciting - but most football fans think they are sloppy.
Some people think Twinkies are industructible.
Some people think urban sprawl is the price of progress.
Some people think verbally, others think visually.
Some people think very slow.
Some people think very well.
Some people think volunteering is a boring, tedious task.
Some people think well in abstract thoughts, in the world of ideas.
Some people think when they see a comet it is bad luck.
Some people think wind is the way to go.
Some people think witches' brooms are a characteristic of hackberry because it is so common.
Some people think writing and mathematics are disjoint activities, but far from it.
Some people think, 'Oh, information design.
Some people think, that it's easy to change an existing batch file , which is written by another.
Some people thinks that books about intelligence are actions of special services.
Some people thinks that teaching the public how to use air bags is the government's responsibility.
Some people thoroughly appreciate a very active dog, and others are driven crazy by it.
Some people though have to take supplements.
Some people thoughtlessly flush away tissues and other bits of trash in the toilet.
Some people threaten caribou.
Some people threaten to blow up the auditorium.
Some people threaten turtles.
Some people thrive better in same sex campuses.
Some people thrive in a hothouse of belligerence, but others are rendered entirely quiet.
Some people thrive in high pressure jobs.
Some people thrive in loud, people-filled areas with much activity.
Some people thrive in situations that turn many others into victims.
Some people thrive in the limelight.
Some people thrive on adventure, spontaneity, change and the unknown.
Some people thrive on challenges and others get buried.
Some people thrive on gossip.
Some people thrive on higher levels of stress, and have higher coping limits.
Some people thrive on it but others find themselves staggering off their techno roller-coasters.
Some people thrive on it.
Some people thrive on production work.
Some people thrive on stress, can sleep four hours a night and wake up clear-headed.
Some people thrive on stress.
Some people thrive on the pressure of juggling a plateful of projects.
Some people throw a fit over it.
Some people throw balls.
Some people throw everything they've got into their work.
Some people throw fish.
Some people throw glass and paper out of the car windows.
Some people throw good passes, but their ball starts to fade.
Some people throw half potatoes into their cases to humidify their guitars.
Some people throw it away like a hot potato no one wants to be left holding when the music stops.
Some people throw or hit things.
Some people throw peanuts onto the roof so they roll down into the gutters.
Some people throw rice instead.
Some people throw weddings the traditional way.
Some people tie it down just before cooking.
Some people tie the knot below where they hold the tail end.
Some people tie their children onto their bodies and jump into the sea together.
Some people tie their emotional well-being to the presence of wild animals.
Some people tip the same percentage, regardless of the quality of service received.
Some people tire themselves by taking exaggerated steps.
Some people tolerate certain types of antibiotics better than others.
Some people tolerate liquids more easily because they leave the stomach quicker than solid food.
Some people tolerate the condition much better than others.
Some people tolerate the itching well, and realize they are infected only upon visual inspection.
Some people torment themselves endlessly over the simplest of honest mistakes.
Some people toss and turn all night and wake up exhausted.
Some people toss their rubbish out of their automobiles and onto the asphalt.
Some people total focus is to tear down other churches instead of reaching the lost.
Some people totally buy into the mindset, and spend their lives in pursuit of material.
Some people touch eyes.
Some people touch foil.
Some people touch hearts.
Some people touch surfaces.
Some people touch wire.
Some people tow boats or horse trailers and others haul a lot of kids.
Some people trace the same route for years.
Some people trade copyrighted software, often over the Internet.
Some people trade for the fun of it.
Some people train better or worse on a full or empty stomach.
Some people train for years to win a gold medal in the Olympics.
Some people train much faster, but less frequently, and take longer rests.
Some people train steadily with minimal results and others make great progress.
Some people train their dogs to attack and kill cats.
Some people train their dogs to obedience titles, others just want a well-behaved dog.
Some people train their Furbies to offer frequent kisses or to dance whenever they hear a sound.
Some people transition overnight and others take several years.
Some people travel across the country and Canada, making a living by competing in powwows.
Some people travel after college or work until they find their calling.
Some people travel all the way to Russia for the most efficient route to surefire romance.
Some people travel deep into the heart of the desert with the eyes of the archaeologist.
Some people travel from continental Europe and from the USA in order to attend.
Some people travel hundreds of kilometers to buy here.
Some people travel in search of a destination.
Some people travel light.
Some people travel long distances to harvest pinyon nuts, which are sometimes sold.
Some people travel on their vacation , to visit other towns , cities , or countries .
Some people travel on their vacation, to visit other towns, cities, or countries.
Some people travel overseas to purchase or import dogs from breeders in other countries.
Some people travel the money path.
Some people travel the world to help poor people in other countries.
Some people travel thousands of miles just to look at a building.
Some people travel thousands of miles to find culture.
Some people travel to Europe to visit the graves of their ancestors and family members.
Some people travel to find sunny places and relax.
Some people travel to other cities as part of their job .
Some people travel to other cities as part of their job.
Some people travel to tear down walls.
Some people travel to their target country to look for work.
Some people travel very easilly.
Some people travel with their dogs.
Some people treat an accident or burglary as an opportunity to benefit financially.
Some people treat clay or dirt eating as a part of daily routine, somewhat like smoking.
Some people treat community or technical colleges as stepping stones to four-year schools.
Some people treat depreciation as an expense that can be ignored because it's a non-cash expense.
Some people treat it like that, which is the wrong attitude to have.
Some people treat life like a ledger, adding every infraction to the account.
Some people treat love like a drug, always looking for the next hit, the next source.
Some people treat mistakes with the same reverence.
Some people treat only the kitchen tap water for drinking.
Some people treat patients.
Some people treat the CAPD by instituting some type of sound or listening training.
Some people treat their cars better than they treat their own bodies.
Some people treat their pets badly.
Some people trim the tender growing margin and cook it up for dinner.
Some people trudge to their daily jobs, while others trot off to school.
Some people truly are larger than life.
Some people truly believe that it is better for a woman to be raped than for a rapist to be shot.
Some people truly have a medical reason for weight gain.
Some people truly love to smoke.
Some people truly strive to eat a balanced diet.
Some people trust blindly.
Some people trust in their good deeds.
Some people trust syslog and make important decisions based on what they see there.
Some people try a hot vinegar bath.
Some people try a lot of things to clean up their lives.
Some people try acupuncture.
Some people try and deal with the pressure by delegating certain jobs to others.
Some people try baking soda or hydrogen peroxide mixed with water to rinse the mouth.
Some people try different home remedies.
Some people try excessively low calorie diets in an attempt to lose weight.
Some people try for all their lives, but they never make a dent.
Some people try hard to control their blood sugars.
Some people try it and leave the business after finding out how tough it is.
Some people try it once and then never do it again.
Some people try it out of curiosity or because they want to fit in with a particular crowd.
Some people try on a new relationship, job or lifestyle.
Some people try out waterboarding at a demonstration against it , in Iceland .
Some people try out waterboarding at a demonstration against it, in Iceland.
Some people try plain old aspirin.
Some people try products laced with red pepper or other ingredients distasteful to squirrels.
Some people try putting echo in the amp's effects loop.
Some people try so hard that they lose themselves in an image.
Some people try surgery to return some feeling to the affected area.
Some people try their best to protect their young.
Some people try to acheive their own rankings only to fail because lack of experience.
Some people try to act like somebody else, somebody the boy likes better.
Some people try to avoid it.
Some people try to avoid life by disappearing into food or sexuality.
Some people try to base a relationship on it.
Some people try to be popular by dressing and acting like everybody else.
Some people try to be the first to spot a species that is migrating across their area.
Some people try to become their own physicians.
Some people try to brush the accusations off as mere exaggeration.
Some people try to build bridges across differences by learning about each other from each other.
Some people try to build databases in a hurry, and do so without a contact name.
Some people try to bury the roots that keep growing out side of the pot.
Some people try to cancel a bad thought with a good one.
Some people try to change the rules as often as they change their mind.
Some people try to change the world for better, others prefer to destroy the achievements of others.
Some people try to climb the mountain.
Some people try to configure their computer to run faster than it was designed to do.
Some people try to contact the sender and ask to be removed from the electronic mailing list.
Some people try to contain it, typically men.
Some people try to cool off before they speak.
Some people try to count to ten when they feel angry.
Some people try to cover much of their body.
Some people try to defy the odds, however.
Some people try to depend on the power of evil spirits .
Some people try to dismiss miracles as impossible or unnecessary.
Some people try to distract themselves by trying to talk with the artist.
Some people try to divorce once a year when to do so is to their tax advantage.
Some people try to do the right thing and are taken advantage of.
Some people try to do things the other way around.
Some people try to do two coats of the finish paint.
Some people try to drink their way out of disappointment.
Some people try to enter the chatroom from the network of the company they work for.
Some people try to escape from danger.
Some people try to escape stressful events through increased use of alcohol or drugs.
Some people try to excuse it by saying it is a private affair and some even blame it on the victim.
Some people try to find jobs with no success and for whatever reasons.
Some people try to find the doll that mother threw out, or that brother trashed or the dog ate.
Some people try to fit a large table in a small room by using short cue sticks.
Some people try to flush it down their toilets or pour it down the kitchen sink.
Some people try to fog it on.
Some people try to fool search engines by coloring the body text the same color as the background.
Some people try to force people to believe in their religion.
Some people try to forgive prematurely.
Some people try to gain a sense of security by forming structures, systems, rules, and regulations.
Some people try to get around an orienteering course as quickly as they can.
Some people try to get away from traffic jams by moving to the suburbs.
Some people try to get involved too quickly in deep romantic relationships.
Some people try to get out but most just lay there.
Some people try to go without spiritual food for weeks on end, even years.
Some people try to handle that in different ways, particularly the environmental mediation people.
Some people try to help the whales by feeding the whales their own food.
Some people try to hide suicide by getting into an accident.
Some people try to hide the disease due to the social stigma and local myths and prejudices.
Some people try to hide their anger.
Some people try to hide their sins, but they deceive themselves.
Some people try to hide.
Some people try to implement very strict regulations and they are called eco-fascists.
Some people try to incorporate math into unit studies.
Some people try to install to unsupported partitions anyway.
Some people try to kick our officers out of the way.
Some people try to learn investing by just diving into stocks without understanding the basics.
Some people try to lose weight by dieting alone.
Some people try to make a mountain out of a mole hill.
Some people try to make a statement through their uniforms.
Some people try to make churches into reform schools.
Some people try to make friends or seek love.
Some people try to make it sound much more difficult than it really is.
Some people try to make jokes to each other, but unfortunately by using lies.
Some people try to make money with free graphics.
Some people try to make themselves or their work eternal.
Some people try to mix it so dry that it is almost impossible to apply.
Some people try to mix it up.
Some people try to normalize the dimension tables to save space.
Some people try to offer feedback without regard to the first two steps.
Some people try to operate businesses with no value added.
Some people try to plan their Web process before they start.
Some people try to point out and describe valid differences.
Some people try to psych each other out by talking and all that kind of other stuff.
Some people try to quantify their qualitative data.
Some people try to reduce the time required for intersection testing.
Some people try to save money by applying only nitrogen to the grass.
Some people try to save money by only changing the ring and then checking piston clearance.
Some people try to save money on their websites by taking short cuts.
Some people try to self-medicate with alcohol or other drugs, which is always a bad idea by the way.
Some people try to sell their homes before they are ready.
Some people try to simulate the slicing ax marks with a chain saw.
Some people try to solve the problem on their own.
Some people try to split hairs when the hairs aren t even there .
Some people try to squeeze every drop out of a brush or roller before they refill it.
Some people try to starve themselves.
Some people try to stop global warming , usually by burning less fossil fuel .
Some people try to stop global warming, usually by burning less fossil fuel.
Some people try to take B-vitamins.
Some people try to take it all.
Some people try to take the simple route to setting up a site.
Some people try to think of the answer while covering the answer choices with their hand.
Some people try to turn back their odometers . . .
Some people try to turn back their odometers.
Some people try to type out a full path to their file.
Some people try to use a variation on marketing timing.
Some people try to use positive thinking alone to get what they want.
Some people try to use standardized test scores to rank schools.
Some people try to wake kundalini up by meditation or yoga.
Some people try to win by appearing to lose.
Some people try to win plus points with such statements.
Some people try too hard and get frustrated, but it is very simple and quick.
Some people try.
Some people tuck a thin line in the legging of their wetsuit to offer or get a tow.
Some people tune in solely to see if anything goes wrong.
Some people tune the playing head a little bit higher than the sounding head.
Some people turn and gawk.
Some people turn any topic towards their own personal favorite issue.
Some people turn down lights and distractions while immersing themselves in Riven.
Some people turn it on only when they're working on it and then shut it down.
Some people turn off graphics, so a bottom navigational tool is becoming standard.
Some people turn off graphics.
Some people turn off images so they can browse faster.
Some people turn off the loading of images to move along faster.
Some people turn off the news and quit reading newspapers in order to withdraw.
Some people turn out fine though.
Some people turn out to be brilliant testers, detail workers, planners, writers or even managers.
Some people turn right from the left lane and vice versa.
Some people turn the blowers on with a timer.
Some people turn their car's tires a certain way, or park with the car's wheels over a curb.
Some people turn their computers on and off throughout the day.
Some people turn their PC off to save on the electricity bill.
Some people turn to a healthy alternative as a crutch, like jogging or swimming.
Some people turn to alcohol or drugs to cope with the anger.
Some people turn to alcohol or working long hours to escape having to think about the event.
Some people turn to alcohol.
Some people turn to drugs, others to exercise, still others to religion to find refuge and strength.
Some people turn to drugs.
Some people turn to friends while others like to be alone.
Some people turn to religion or a close friend, spouse, or co-worker.
Some people turn to religion, obviously.
Some people turn to the box of matza meal that's usually in the pantry.
Some people turn to the net and wait and watch for that fateful message.
Some people turn to the Web to find friends or learn a new skill.
Some people turn to their doctors.
Some people turn vegetarian for personal health, others because of a concern for animal welfare.
Some people tweak the hardware on their calcs a bit.
Some people type Braille directly with six keys.
Some people type in the first three letters incorrectly out of habit.
Some people type messages while others are speaking.
Some people unconsciously overreach in their desire for possessions.
Some people uncover their purpose in life through meditation, while others do it through exercises.
Some people underestimate their value of simply being present.
Some people undergo antibiotic therapy.
Some people undergo extend antibiotic therapy.
Some people undergo genetic screening simply to know their predisposition to a particular disease.
Some people undergo radiation.
Some people undergo surgery.
Some people undergo therapy.
Some people undergoing divorces are obviously less vulnerable than others.
Some people understand immediately why they developed gallstones.
Some people understand intimacy to be primarily about talking and sharing.
Some people understand it as an absolute prohibition of taking life, including animal life.
Some people understand moms.
Some people understand pictures, others understand copy, so there is both.
Some people understand that listening is an invaluable tool.
Some people understand that the number one key to achieving their success is action.
Some people understand the term pornography to refer to illegal sexually explicit material.
Some people understand what the items are that make up the closing costs and just want a quotation.
Some people understand what the items are that make up the closing costs and just what a quotation.
Some people understand.
Some people unknowingly abuse their voices simply by the way they speak or sing.
Some people unwind and relax while participating in sports.
Some people unwittingly choose destructive relationships over and over again.
Some people urge more conservation.
Some people use a baby toothbrush or use their fingers to work the cornstarch in.
Some people use a batch file to delete the file on start-up.
Some people use a bath tub with a nest box at one end, and water in a washtub at the other end.
Some people use a bequest to give a charity something they own, such as a car, home, art or jewelry.
Some people use a Bible translation whose language has become antiquated.
Some people use a bird feeder with a baffle on it to prevent squirrels from getting into it.
Some people use a bit more oil than vinegar.
Some people use a black cloth drape to hide the lamp, hanging it to just outside the camera frame.
Some people use a braille writer to print in braille.
Some people use a carrot stick in the center to wrap the first potato slice around.
Some people use a clicker to try and train a dog.
Some people use a climbing harness for skijoring.
Some people use a closed hand bridge while others use exclusively an open hand bridge.
Some people use a collage metaphor and that's close.
Some people use a combination of one or two software packages.
Some people use a combination of the two.
Some people use a company logo instead of a blank slide.
Some people use a computer for bookkeeping.
Some people use a corbon rod to block air escaping the first hole.
Some people use a corporation or limited liability company to hold title to their real estate.
Some people use a cup of bleach once a month.
Some people use a cup or more.
Some people use a doggie door to help with housebreaking as well.
Some people use a drill, but the risk of cracking remains.
Some people use a fine- mesh screen cover.
Some people use a foam based impression.
Some people use a free Internet service as a backup in case their primary Internet connection fails.
Some people use a garage or toolshed, but a larger facility really is required.
Some people use a greyscale version of the texture as a bump map.
Some people use a ham hock or pig knuckle instead of bacon.
Some people use a highly structured format using prepared forms.
Some people use a household rolling pin as a roller.
Some people use a kistka, a form of stylus that allows a small stream of wax to flow.
Some people use a large bolt placed through the branch and the trunk.
Some people use a magnifying glass to separate the two species.
Some people use a microwave with success.
Some people use a miter box to make square corners.
Some people use a mixture of several products.
Some people use a more physical approach.
Some people use a mousepad to improve traction for the mouse ball.
Some people use a nylon cow collar instead of a halter.
Some people use a pillow between the knees for added comfort.
Some people use a playpen as a barrier.
Some people use a portfolio approach to manage their money, for example.
Some people use a power washer, but it's just too strong.
Some people use a pump to deliver insulin continuously.
Some people use a question in the form of an image.
Some people use a RAM disk for swapping or some other file systems.
Some people use a refreshable Braille display rather than listening to the information.
Some people use a router to do cutouts using a concrete tip.
Some people use a saw or jigsaw on the greenware.
Some people use a screwdriver or awl to slide through the frame.
Some people use a semicircular hoop on which they rest their sheets to avoid contact.
Some people use a serial console when they run a PC without a monitor or keyboard.
Some people use a small turf area or lush garden.
Some people use a small, soft cat o'nine tails called a ball whip.
Some people use a special pen only for test.
Some people use a spoon to manually scrape bacteria from their tongues.
Some people use a spreadsheet to make an index or table.
Some people use a stretchy fabric.
Some people use a sump pump to keep their basement dry.
Some people use a tennis strap for the elbow while they play.
Some people use a three-ring binder for their book.
Some people use a water filter to remove any chlorine taste from the water.
Some people use a wheelchair only at home.
Some people use a wire brush to clean away any food remnants.
Some people use abbreviations in their change summary.
Some people use acetate so they can change the background colour.
Some people use active reading and learning.
Some people use activities.
Some people use adaptive technology with their computer to access the web.
Some people use adaptive technology with their computer to access the Web.
Some people use alcohol and other drugs to ease the pain and frustration of their ADD symptoms.
Some people use alcohol or drugs when they are angry.
Some people use alcohol or other drugs to feel good, but their are risks associated with their use.
Some people use alcohol to escape from their problems.
Some people use all words, some all pictures, and some both.
Some people use almanacs instead of the forecasts made by weathermen.
Some people use aloe to relieve the pain of burns or tea to soothe nerves.
Some people use aloe vera .
Some people use aloe vera.
Some people use alphabetized expansion folders, some use three-ring binders.
Some people use alter states.
Some people use alternative systems such as sign language, Braille or high-tech electronic devices.
Some people use aminoglycosides even though they are ototoxic.
Some people use an adjusting wheel that attaches to shims.
Some people use an appropriate quotation as a means of starting the introduction.
Some people use an atlas in their native tongue when naming cities.
Some people use an extension of htm which is also allowable.
Some people use an insulin pump to supply insulin throughout the day.
Some people use an outline in the planning stages of writing.
Some people use an oversimplified approach.
Some people use anabolic steroids to build their muscles and increase their endurance and speed.
Some people use andirons in place of a grate.
Some people use anger and violence to frighten and control a partner.
Some people use anonymity to send hate mail, porno graphic images, or spam.
Some people use ants for food , medicine and rituals .
Some people use ants for food, medicine and rituals.
Some people use articles.
Some people use artificial lures.
Some people use audio tapes of relaxation exercises.
Some people use averages, some people use maximums.
Some people use baby wipes to clean the rollers.
Some people use bad relationships or eating to escape.
Some people use bags as a battering ram to reach their seats.
Some people use baking soda.
Some people use bandaging gauze wrapped around a finger for rubbing teeth and gums.
Some people use bankruptcy for financial planning, and that's wrong.
Some people use banks, insurance, and investments.
Some people use bean bean bags or bracing arm devices on their tripods.
Some people use bees and bee products for health reasons.
Some people use behavioral strategies.
Some people use bells attached near the door that they can ring.
Some people use benzos without a prescription from a doctor.
Some people use binocularses.
Some people use birch sap to make beer, wine or soft drinks.
Some people use bits of bread to symbolically cast away their sins after reciting the prayer.
Some people use black and white catalogs.
Some people use black paper.
Some people use bleach in their wash water.
Some people use body form to differentiate the sexes.
Some people use bookmarks.
Some people use books as a pathway, reading or going to school.
Some people use booties because there are sharp shells and sea urchins.
Some people use both programs and create two ROM images.
Some people use both.
Some people use bottles or cans for target practice.
Some people use braces or splints to stabilize the wrist.
Some people use buses or the subway .
Some people use C.E. instead.
Some people use cake, others use cookies.
Some people use call-waiting.
Some people use cameras to take pictures.
Some people use capacity.
Some people use car mounted mobiles instead of hand held units.
Some people use carbohydrates better than others.
Some people use carbon dioxide lasers.
Some people use cereal as treats just the individual pieces.
Some people use certain peripheral doctrines as litmus tests of orthodoxy.
Some people use character to mean moral functioning or integrity.
Some people use characters to draw a scene or a characature.
Some people use characters to draw a scene or a logo.
Some people use chat to meet new people and to find others with similar interests.
Some people use cheap types of toilet paper and rub their bottoms raw to the point of bleeding.
Some people use cheaply some use only cheap.
Some people use checkmarks in subject areas, others write detailed accounts of their activities.
Some people use chromatography to find out what is in a solid or liquid.
Some people use cigarettes to relax when they are stressed.
Some people use clicker training .
Some people use cloth diapers today as an alternative to wasteful disposable diapers.
Some people use cocaine during sex.
Some people use cockiness as a disguise for being afraid.
Some people use complementary medicines like homeopathy which can help too.
Some people use complementary medicines like homeopathy, which can help too.
Some people use complementary therapies to maintain wellness or prevent illness.
Some people use computers to gather and organize information.
Some people use cook-chill to prolong the life of a product.
Some people use cookies.
Some people use cope strategies.
Some people use corn syrup instead of glycerine.
Some people use counseling regularly for support or ongoing attention to a long term condition.
Some people use counselling for personal growth.
Some people use counselors to locate their next job.
Some people use cow meat or salt pork or spare ribs in place of the wild game.
Some people use cranberry juice in a separate water bottle as it is said to help cleanse the system.
Some people use crushed buckwheat shells.
Some people use crystal to work long hours.
Some people use crystal, aka rock crystal or quartz, as a substitute.
Some people use danazol or birth control pills.
Some people use decorations for their ceremonies or dinners.
Some people use devices.
Some people use different colors of nail polish and dab a spot on the puppies' heads.
Some people use disposable diapers.
Some people use diversity as a defense mechanism.
Some people use double-sided carpet tape instead of pins on the back.
Some people use dream books as road maps to the dream world.
Some people use drinking as a social event.
Some people use drugs as an escape from problems, too.
Some people use drugs or alcohol or work.
Some people use drugs to relax.
Some people use drumming, some use other forms of music, some use physical activities.
Some people use dry wine.
Some people use Ecstasy for religious rituals.
Some people use egg cartons and mark each slot.
Some people use elastic straps to keep their shoes from coming off.
Some people use enemas to treat constipation.
Some people use erotic readings, pictures or movies to accompany masturbation.
Some people use ethylene or freon instead of propane.
Some people use evaluation of the messenger as a criterion.
Some people use exercise books or bound notebooks for their diary.
Some people use faith as a reason to remain stuck.
Some people use faith in lieu of reason, and that's fine.
Some people use fiber supplements to relieve or prevent constipation.
Some people use finger to release certain information about themselves.
Some people use fitnesses.
Some people use flash media readers.
Some people use flashers or dodgers ahead of bait.
Some people use floating logs, floating platforms, rocks piled up in a corner.
Some people use food dyes to color eggs or other foods.
Some people use food lures when they are first teaching a dog a new behavior.
Some people use forces.
Some people use four-track.
Some people use frustration as an excuse to destroy.
Some people use full spectrum lighting for their finches.
Some people use garlic for energy.
Some people use generators.
Some people use ginkgo to treat sexual performance problems.
Some people use gloves that seem to help.
Some people use gold as money.
Some people use grammar that is different from other people when speaking .
Some people use grammar that is different from other people when speaking.
Some people use grooved steels, which align the edge more aggressively but are harder on the edge.
Some people use guided imagery every day as part of a regular relaxation or meditation ritual.
Some people use gun locks, and some states mandate their use.
Some people use halters.
Some people use hand shears, others use electric clippers, others use a combo of both.
Some people use handkerchiefs, small towels, or washcloths.
Some people use heaters .
Some people use heating lamps and some people use electric or gas heaters.
Some people use herbs as alternatives to traditional medications.
Some people use high-phosphorus fertilizers in the late summer to promote bloom spikes.
Some people use holistic as a synonym for alternative medicine.
Some people use home remedies and medicines to cure sick people.
Some people use hotmail or some other service for their email.
Some people use HUGE handlebars just to be cool.
Some people use humidifiers in the winter.
Some people use humor.
Some people use immodium to help with the stomach problems.
Some people use index cards.
Some people use India ink instead.
Some people use inhalers.
Some people use instant mashed potatoes for a quick dinner.
Some people use intimidation, posturing, and even bullying to get what they want.
Some people use isolation in an effort to stay in contact with the deeper parts of their mind.
Some people use it and other's abuse it.
Some people use it as a backup.
Some people use it as a beauty aid, rinsing their face weekly with it even on dogs and cats.
Some people use it as a change management and logging tool.
Some people use it as a form of savings.
Some people use it as a free press for publishing their own stories or poems.
Some people use it as a fun obstacle to help puppies build confidence.
Some people use it as a network.
Some people use it as a quick method of checking whether a price is even close to being in line.
Some people use it as a remedy for muscles sprains and soreness.
Some people use it as a remote-access point.
Some people use it as a schematic capture program too.
Some people use it as a time of fasting, study, meditation and prayer.
Some people use it as a tool because they want to improve their own sense of self.
Some people use it as a tool to improve the ability to recruit people.
Some people use it as a tool to improve the valuation of the company.
Some people use it as an illegal drug .
Some people use it as an illegal drug.
Some people use it as an oral status symbol to impress others.
Some people use it as if it is nothing at all.
Some people use it because they want to improve the way they deliver products to customers.
Some people use it for chickens.
Some people use it for contacts while others use it for calendars.
Some people use it for good.
Some people use it for mast climbing.
Some people use it for random painting or random cake- baking.
Some people use it for relaxation at the end of the day.
Some people use it for their personal paper storage.
Some people use it in bathroom and kitchens.
Some people use it in engineering to mean damaged, but it seems to mean drunk too.
Some people use it in small amounts as a mouthwash.
Some people use it pathologically, but way too much has been made of that.
Some people use it to describe a social gathering and cooking outdoors.
Some people use it to describe the large hairy spiders of South and Central America.
Some people use it to ease their aching backs.
Some people use it to enhance travel choices, others use it for business purposes and connections.
Some people use it to extend the time between visits to the dry cleaners.
Some people use it to keep track of their personal schedules as well.
Some people use it to let friends and family know what is going on.
Some people use it to make money.
Some people use it to mean a computer containing Web documents.
Some people use it to promote their web site.
Some people use it to refer to any pixel-based image.
Some people use it to stone dresses.
Some people use it to take group photos of family or friends.
Some people use it to trade recipes.
Some people use it to water their houseplants.
Some people use it with a sanctimonious overtone to express a misguided religious belief.
Some people use it, and some people choose to preserve it in a stinky green liquid like pickles.
Some people use it, improperly, to verify routine delivery.
Some people use jewelry as a status symbols.
Some people use just a can brand name extract.
Some people use just a few words to pray, always the same ones.
Some people use kickboards or fins to help build up leg muscles.
Some people use lamb milk as a replacement for yak calf milk if needed.
Some people use language that is empty, devoid of any content other than emotion.
Some people use language to describe the lives they lead.
Some people use language to express thought, some to conceal thought, and others instead of thought.
Some people use large bricks and other pieces of masonry, even rocks for the border.
Some people use large diameter plastic plumbing pipes.
Some people use latex dental dams as protective barriers.
Some people use lead-acid.
Some people use leftover potatoes.
Some people use leftover vinegar, salt, baking soda, and olive oil to clean with.
Some people use limited-range cordless handsets or headsets on campus.
Some people use lined legal pads.
Some people use long sentences, and some use short phrases.
Some people use magnesium strikers.
Some people use magnets to turn back the reading on the meter.
Some people use make-up for weathering.
Some people use Mapping to take lecture notes.
Some people use marijuana at bedtime as an aid to falling asleep.
Some people use mathematics to make visionary discoveries in the nature of the universe.
Some people use maximum capacity.
Some people use meals or bedtime as cues for remembering drugs.
Some people use menstrual blood, which is very appropriate.
Some people use microscopes.
Some people use mineral oil instead of or in conjunction with air bubbles for pressure control.
Some people use minor tranquilizers just to get intoxicated.
Some people use money belts, neck pouches, etc.
Some people use money to get the things they want in life.
Some people use money to get the things they want.
Some people use more than one computer.
Some people use motion detectors to warn when someone is trying to get in.
Some people use movement or dance as a vehicle for expressing emotions.
Some people use mozzerella, or even pepperjack cheese.
Some people use MSAs to protect privacy.
Some people use mud, too.
Some people use music quite often while others prefer silent meditation and never use it.
Some people use naming conventions such as filename.
Some people use natural and alternative treatments like acupuncture and Chinese herbs.
Some people use netscape, mosaic or other browsers that support graphics.
Some people use neural computing as a way to examine real neural systems.
Some people use newspapers or thick phone books instead.
Some people use newsprint, others prefer telephone books.
Some people use nicknames or middle names in daily use.
Some people use nicknames related to their favorite hobbies, dates, events, or other interests.
Some people use nicotine chewing gum that provides nicotine through the lining of the mouth.
Some people use nighttime blue or red light bulbs to provide warmth at night.
Some people use no irrigation, yet have healthy plants.
Some people use nosodes rather than vaccines.
Some people use nothing.
Some people use old lubricant oil for similar purposes.
Some people use old refrigerators set aside just for keeping fruit.
Some people use one day a month as cooking day and spend that entire day cooking and freezing meals.
Some people use one half their ingenuity to get into debt, and the other half to avoid paying it.
Some people use one oil for summer and another for winter riding.
Some people use one or two layers of a dry cleaners bag on top with great success.
Some people use one, some people use another.
Some people use one-half their ingenuity to get into debt, and the other half to avoid paying it.
Some people use only hay or newspaper as litter, and some litters can be flushed or composted.
Some people use only one all of the time, and it then, naturally, becomes soiled and wrinkled.
Some people use only one map for reality.
Some people use only plain baking soda.
Some people use other activities.
Some people use other mainstays such as professional associations or newspapers to get job leads.
Some people use other tools instead of the clicker.
Some people use others to blame for their problems.
Some people use outlines or notecards.
Some people use overwitholding on their income tax as a method of saving throughout the year.
Some people use pain as the determining factor.
Some people use paint, while others use parenthood.
Some people use painting as their weapon of choice.
Some people use paper clips.
Some people use paper towels, but never use newspaper because it is too slick for the chicks.
Some people use parchment paper or greased waxed paper.
Some people use peak flowmeters every day and keep a record in their asthma diary.
Some people use perfume for the same purpose.
Some people use peroxide and vinegar combinations.
Some people use pesticide.
Some people use petitions to bring issues to the notice of the authority.
Some people use pictures, such as a mandala, a highly colored symmetric painting.
Some people use plants and plant material as decoration to make themselves attractive.
Some people use plastic or glass containers, even gelatine capsules to send seeds.
Some people use plastic owls and sound devices to scare off birds.
Some people use poetry or songs.
Some people use postcards.
Some people use powders or corn starch under the eyes and on the moustache.
Some people use powerheads, or small air pumps.
Some people use prayer to cope with pain and illness.
Some people use prayer to help cope with their cancer.
Some people use prayer, exercise, meditation, or other forms of stress management.
Some people use prayers.
Some people use private messages to send porn pictures or sexual content to children.
Some people use programs to surf while they are away from the pc to rack up there time.
Some people use propofol for fun .
Some people use propofol for fun.
Some people use pseudonyms, but each person listed here is a unique member of the staff.
Some people use quick release snaps.
Some people use real fine wire hooks that are easier to extract.
Some people use reasonable forces.
Some people use recorded sound clips, which are somewhat like graphical clip art.
Some people use regular dirt or just potting soil.
Some people use regular heat lamps.
Some people use regular sand in litterboxes.
Some people use relaxations tapes and soothing music.
Some people use religion to evade their pain and deny their true feelings.
Some people use roots.
Some people use round plastic cafe curtain rings.
Some people use saliva substitutes, available at drug stores.
Some people use salt shakers to put it on their pet's food.
Some people use sand as bedding material, but it is smelly, and rather heavy.
Some people use sand paper perches to keep the nails worn.
Some people use scoops and rakes to dig.
Some people use self-hypnosis effectively.
Some people use services without regard to cost.
Some people use sex as a coping mecanism for their personal problems.
Some people use sex.
Some people use shampoos with zinc for the head, and creams with steroids for the body.
Some people use shrink-wrap tubing instead.
Some people use soft leather.
Some people use soothing music.
Some people use special formulas or dried bitches milk which they have to mix.
Some people use special makeup to cover up port-wine stains.
Some people use spreadsheets, notebooks, or daily journals.
Some people use stand-alone programs meant just for reading newsgroups.
Some people use states.
Some people use static IP addresses for things like video conferencing, etc.
Some people use statistics like a drunk uses a light pole, for support rather than for illumination.
Some people use steel wool to remove both the plating and the dark surface of the underlying steel.
Some people use stones or bricks.
Some people use straps, trays or supports to restrict a child's movement.
Some people use strategies.
Some people use straw for beddings.
Some people use straws, others use vintage metal permanent rods.
Some people use such general secure channel or secure message systems for payments.
Some people use suicide as the solution to their problems.
Some people use tape recorders.
Some people use tarot cards.
Some people use technology just because of appearances.
Some people use teddy bears.
Some people use terra-cotta flower pots as dens.
Some people use tests find out if they are road rage denial.
Some people use text or audio browsers which render material in a linear fashion.
Some people use text-only browsers.
Some people use that fact to dismiss large portions of the Bible, perhaps Scripture itself.
Some people use that hand more just because they are left-handed.
Some people use the alphabet effectively to cue themselves.
Some people use the arrival of birds or the sprouting of bulbs as signals that spring is coming.
Some people use the basketball courts to play basketball.
Some people use the berries to make pies.
Some people use the browser Lynx which handles only text.
Some people use the chemicals provided by mushrooms for hallucinogenic purposes.
Some people use the collection to plan their vacations.
Some people use the concert as a way to spend some quality time with a family member.
Some people use the condition for creative inspiration.
Some people use the device and sync it.
Some people use the drag and drop method, but it is easy to make a mistake while dragging.
Some people use the drug recreationally to increase the effects of alcohol.
Some people use the energetic environment of a gathering to cleanse and charge their tools.
Some people use the envelope method and divide up their cash into envelopes each month.
Some people use the existing palmtop computers as book displays.
Some people use the extra space for a sofa, TV, stereo system, or refrigerator.
Some people use the first letters of a favorite phrase.
Some people use the following method to relieve sinus miseries.
Some people use the greens in salad and dips.
Some people use the heck out of storing frequently called numbers in their phone.
Some people use the herb as a coffee extender after drying and roasting.
Some people use the herb valerian to fall asleep.
Some people use the holiday and go on trips in Japan or other countries.
Some people use the holidays as an opportunity to exercise their taste for the exotic.
Some people use the HTML language for their genealogy projects.
Some people use the initials of the sender or even the whole name.
Some people use the Internet almost entirely for email.
Some people use the internet for business, others for research, and still others for recreation.
Some people use the Internet.
Some people use the jab in a light way, like a fly swatter.
Some people use the juice on the hair to rid off head lice .
Some people use the kinesthetic channel to process information.
Some people use the land for growing crops.
Some people use the latest versions, but others have older versions installed on their computers.
Some people use the leaves in the same way that they use red raspberry leaves therapeutically.
Some people use the magic within numbers.
Some people use the method as a substitute of their symptomatic medication.
Some people use the Moon to predict the weather on Earth.
Some people use the network just to travel, or just to host.
Some people use the nice parts of it as a fuzzy-warm refuge from the hard realities of life.
Some people use the non-acetone polish thinner with good results and less threat to the paint.
Some people use the oil as a toothache remedy.
Some people use the park for recreation, walking for exercise along the foot path or riding bikes.
Some people use the program to retrain and obtain certification as teachers.
Some people use the same company that their dial-up account is through to host their web pages.
Some people use the same sound as in the english word turn .
Some people use the same table height for both cutting and sewing machine.
Some people use the so-called 'insurance policy argument' to advocate a manned space programme.
Some people use the soursop fruit or leaves as a medicine.
Some people use the stars for direction-finding.
Some people use the stars to reveal their destiny.
Some people use the tarot card as a tool of learning, to gain a new perspective or idea.
Some people use the term 'electronic trading' to mean much the same thing.
Some people use the term folk etymology to describe a fanciful story behind a word's origin.
Some people use the term holistic interchangeable with alternative medicine .
Some people use the term 'mix' interchangeably with 'depth'.
Some people use the term myofascial therapy to refer to any form of soft tissue treatment.
Some people use the term only to refer to newer tools of genetic science.
Some people use the term telematics for traffic telematics.
Some people use the term to also refer to the role of chief executive as well.
Some people use the term to avoid invoking the stigma associated with the word prostitute.
Some people use the term unexpired risk reserve to refer to the additional unexpired risk reserve.
Some people use the term vanilla pejoratively, in reference to something bland.
Some people use the term when they want to print a Web page.
Some people use the terms IP and entrepreneur interchangeably, but they have different connotations.
Some people use the terms martial art and self-defence interchangeably.
Some people use the terms sperm and semen interchangeably.
Some people use the threat of breaking up, when they only want the relationship to change.
Some people use the three terms interchangeably.
Some people use the tips in the following chapters in a hit and miss fashion and do have some luck.
Some people use the traditional ammo box.
Some people use the traditional formulation but understand it allegorically.
Some people use the transit system to go to work or to go shopping.
Some people use the U tongue position too.
Some people use the visual channel most of the time.
Some people use the walk for clearing the mind and centering.
Some people use the web as a means by which to find people's phone numbers and addresses and such.
Some people use the Web as a primary means of interacting with others across the globe.
Some people use the word 'comedienne' to refer to female comedians.
Some people use the word creativity for anybody who does anything well.
Some people use the word 'down under' when refering to Australia.
Some people use the word peter to mean penis.
Some people use the word pre-embryo.
Some people use the word, 'wisdom '.
Some people use the words holistic and alternative synonymously.
Some people use the wrapping to protect trunks from drying winds.
Some people use the wrong technique to remove tattoos.
Some people use the yeast from two bottles to prepare their starter.
Some people use their fingers to measure the height of the ball.
Some people use their first few phone book entries for their hot numbers.
Some people use their friends to look after their children.
Some people use their home library as a quiet place to curl up with a good book.
Some people use their imaginations to create negative goals, social problems or physical illnesses.
Some people use their imaginations to manipulate the images of others.
Some people use their last name as their password.
Some people use their mother's maiden name.
Some people use their names, some people use their nicknames, etc.
Some people use their pages to proudly show off their homes, families and hobbies.
Some people use their phones for a few minutes a day and others for hours a day.
Some people use their psychic powers for good.
Some people use their pubic hair.
Some people use their round pen or a paddock where no grass grows.
Some people use their shed to do hobbies or as a workshop.
Some people use their treadmill.
Some people use their web browser for man pages.
Some people use their weight to test the love of significant people in their lives.
Some people use thin slices of abalone, although it is expensive.
Some people use to purity disease .
Some people use to purity disease.
Some people use tobacco.
Some people use tomatoes to relieve arthritis.
Some people use too many big muscles.
Some people use transparancies for layering elements on top of one another.
Some people use transparent images with variable widths and heights to position elements on a page.
Some people use trash bags for bedding, clothing and whatnot.
Some people use two injections, but many are going to three injections a day.
Some people use two reticules, one in each eyepiece.
Some people use unethical methods to create a statistic that says what they want it to say.
Some people use unschooling as a method for a few subjects, and that's fine.
Some people use unsolicited e-mail sent in mass quantities as a marketing technique.
Some people use up their vacation time at the same time every year.
Some people use valerian tea as a daytime relaxant, but the aroma is repulsive to most folks.
Some people use very large fonts, which limits the amount of text on each line.
Some people use veterinary medications to treat their own illnesses.
Some people use violence to release feelings of anger or frustration.
Some people use visualizations as an aid in changing.
Some people use voice commands.
Some people use voice mail to screen calls.
Some people use volunteers to keep costs down.
Some people use vomiting or laxatives to produce weight loss.
Some people use walking as a stepping stone to eventual jogging.
Some people use water sprays.
Some people use water, some prefer milk.
Some people use waterpiks, but floss is the best choice.
Some people use watersheds to delineate bioregions, some people use landscape features.
Some people use Web sites.
Some people use whipped cream instead but the flavour and texture is completely different.
Some people use whips.
Some people use white grape juice with fish.
Some people use white paper towels or purchase newspaper end rolls to eliminate the ink problem.
Some people use wire mesh cages.
Some people uses word-processing packages which automatically adjust.
Some people utilize whiskey barrels as containers in which to plant.
Some people value a tractor or combine for the efficiency and time savings they offer.
Some people value books and academics, others value the school of hard knocks.
Some people value creativity over everything else.
Some people value marital sex as something sacred , to be shared only with one's life-partner.
Some people value participation in sports, others value participation in arts.
Some people value peace, others war.
Some people vary the use of names for different looking flowers, but that is the only difference.
Some people Velcro their elbows to their waists, and move their hands in a jerky, undirected manner.
Some people vent through smoking and drinking, or working out.
Some people venture into the still cold water.
Some people venture online to find a friend with similar interests.
Some people venture to enter Tibet without a permit, but take chances that their efforts fail.
Some people verbalize such things very easily, others less so.
Some people view a large corporation's hierarchy and bureaucracy as stifling.
Some people view accounting as a drudge, a series of debits, credits, accounts and numbers.
Some people view any treatment to be controversial.
Some people view any unrequested mail with hostility.
Some people view astral projection and lucid dreams as different aspects of the same phenomenon.
Some people view class rankings as important.
Some people view exploratory testing as happening alongside more formal testing.
Some people view it as a conflict between gold medal investment and health care funding.
Some people view it as a godsend.
Some people view it as a sign of distrust.
Some people view it as a tool they can use to manipulate a meeting to their advantage.
Some people view it as 'doing nothing' for patients and families.
Some people view it entirely as a social issue, but it involves quite a lot more.
Some people view money as dirty and feel guilty if they make too much.
Some people view paintings at the museum.
Some people view psychology as a fragmented field.
Some people view seagulls as nuisance birds, as they damage crops and threaten human safety.
Some people view self-government as backwards.
Some people view shopping as a sport.
Some people view speed limits as unnecessary while others believe that they are essential.
Some people view sysophood as a trophy.
Some people view tagging as a plague or a virus that ruins the scenery of a city.
Some people view the cooperatives as essentially a substitute for IFQs.
Some people view the current environmental state of our planet as a crisis situation.
Some people view the hunt as a rite of passage while others view it as senseless savagery.
Some people view the IT tools that underlie supply chain management as the backbone of e-commerce.
Some people view the para-military style training and think it's too rigid.
Some people view the Torah as the history of the Jewish people.
Some people view time management as a quick gimmick to cram more activities into their life.
Some people view XML as a source of data only.
Some people vilify the internet.
Some people violate the law by accident or stupidity, other people are truly evil and vile.
Some people visit dumps, searching for objects to redeem and restore.
Some people visit every state and most civilized countries before they die.
Some people visit internists, neurologists, orthopedists, osteopaths, or physical therapists.
Some people visit just to watch for celebrities.
Some people visit the Bay Islands and return home thinking they've never been to Honduras.
Some people visit the islands to vacation.
Some people visit the Mexican resorts.
Some people visit the voting booth, read their ballot carefully, and make an educated decision.
Some people visit there places every month.
Some people visiting forest areas and parks are surprised to see a black bear.
Some people vocalize their swear words and some can use sign language.
Some people voluntarily provide public goods while others take a free ride.
Some people voluntarily re-take exams, even though their scores are high enough.
Some people volunteer as a way to give back to and improve their community.
Some people volunteer because of the power or status of the position.
Some people volunteer because they enjoy being at the forefront of new technologies.
Some people volunteer during the day, while others are available during evenings or weekends.
Some people volunteer for clinical trials to obtain study-related medical care.
Some people volunteer for humanitarian reasons.
Some people volunteer for national and state disasters.
Some people volunteer for reasons of self-interest, financial or otherwise.
Some people volunteer for the thrill of being on the air.
Some people volunteer in order to share their wisdom, experience, time and talents.
Some people volunteer once a week, others volunteer once a year, many span the range.
Some people volunteer their time doing activities similar to the work they did for a living.
Some people volunteer to be ushers on other occasions, such as at funerals.
Some people volunteer to help the homeless.
Some people volunteer to meet new friends and network.
Some people volunteer to sit on the board of directors or a committee.
Some people vomit by looking at something unpleasant.
Some people vomit or have convulsions.
Some people vomit.
Some people vote again.
Some people vote because of how they look.
Some people vote because they feel that it is their civic duty.
Some people vote carelessly.
Some people vote faster than others, and as the early birds finish, they begin chatting.
Some people vote with their feet and some people just complain.
Some people voting to close it down say that there's no use collecting quotes in Simple English.
Some people waddle, others saunter, and some drag their feet.
Some People wait a lifetime for a miracle . . .
Some people wait a lifetime to get a trophy elk.
Some people wait all their lives and never get one word like that from their dad.
Some people wait all year to say it.
Some people wait as long as five years to get one.
Some people wait days before seeking medical help.
Some people wait for the feelings of a writer to come before they exhibit the behavior of a writer.
Some people wait for the others to take off into the field and they hit the edges.
Some people wait for their INS appointment much longer than others.
Some people wait for their therapist to solve the problem.
Some people wait for two or three years to see a fish.
Some people wait for years to read the Bible in their own language.
Some people wait four years to get their name on a jet.
Some people wait longer, depending on their particular problem.
Some people wait patiently.
Some people wait so long for their ship to come in that their pier collapses.
Some people wait their whole lives to find the right person, fall in love, and get married.
Some people wait their whole lives.
Some people wait to come out until they walk through the door.
Some people wait too long to retire.
Some people wait until after a medical crisis and then decide that it's time to move.
Some people wait until the cord and placenta falls off on it's own.
Some people wait until the fruit becomes a monster.
Some people wait until their papayas are fully yellow to cut and eat.
Some people wait until they're financially secure to have children.
Some people wait up to two years and spend that time raising the money needed to join the show.
Some people wait years just dreaming about one before they ever make that decision.
Some people wait years.
Some people wake up and make it happen.
Some people wake up on the wrong side of the bed.
Some people wake up with headaches.
Some people wake up with no side effects at all and simply feel relaxed.
Some people wake up with no side effects at all and simply feel very relaxed.
Some people walk along a road, trudge across fields or splash about in water.
Some people walk and chew gum at the same time.
Some people walk and many ride their bikes.
Some people walk around as if they have only themselves to thank for their success.
Some people walk around the mall for exercise and some people do sprints.
Some people walk around with a lot of physical sex drive.
Some people walk around with mace, others with pepper spray.
Some people walk as much as half a mile from their parking lot to their building.
Some people walk in the first day and quit.
Some people walk in the morning to get ready for the day.
Some people walk in the morning to prepare for the day ahead.
Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.
Some people walk in the rain, whereas others only get wet.
Some people walk into our lives and leave so quickly.
Some people walk into the library and immediately know how to find things.
Some people walk quickly.
Some people walk slowly, some crawl, others skip or dance.
Some people walk the walk and some people sit on their Fat duff and talk the talk.
Some people walk their dog at night, some people walk their guitar.
Some people walk to go.
Some people walk two or more times.
Some people wander away never to come back.
Some people wander during the day, others at night.
Some people wander in, sit down, listen, and leave.
Some people warm it slowly and gently over a light bulb if they have had to store it.
Some people warn of slow hidden degradation in systems and data.
Some people wash the leaves with soap and water.
Some people wash their skeins in a mild warm soapy water.
Some people waste their whole lives waiting for justice.
Some people watch a movie.
Some people watch animals.
Some people watch ants.
Some people watch as a student demonstrates the power that is in electricity.
Some people watch bats.
Some people watch bees.
Some people watch birds.
Some people watch cats.
Some people watch cattle.
Some people watch chimpanzees.
Some people watch cows.
Some people watch crabs.
Some people watch deer.
Some people watch dogs.
Some people watch dolphins.
Some people watch for things all year.
Some people watch foxes.
Some people watch geese.
Some people watch goats.
Some people watch horizons.
Some people watch horses.
Some people watch insects.
Some people watch it all three times, and then video record it and watch it again.
Some people watch it, others write about about it.
Some people watch life go by.
Some people watch monkeys.
Some people watch pigs.
Some people watch rabbits.
Some people watch sheep.
Some people watch survivors.
Some people watch television.
Some people watch the animals and plants to know when it is about to storm.
Some people watch the clock to get their medicine for pain.
Some people watch the evening news, read a book, or soak in a warm bath.
Some people watch things happen, some make things happen.
Some people watch things happen.
Some people watch TV, play pingpong or work out.
Some people watch wolves.
Some people water their piles.
Some people wave, others shake hands, bow, or hug each other.
Some people wax religious when contemplating that fact.
Some people wear a kittel, the white robe in which the dead are buried .
Some people wear a kittel, the white robe in which the dead are buried.
Some people wear a string around their finger.
Some people wear a truss.
Some people wear a wig, cap, or scarf until their hair grows back.
Some people wear an orange awareness ribbon or wristband to encourage awareness of self-harm.
Some people wear beards to emphasize their holiness.
Some people wear big boots, in order to look tough.
Some people wear blood glucose monitors.
Some people wear condoms for complete protection.
Some people wear corsets to make their torsos a certain shape.
Some people wear crosses, as if they have some magical power, and they feel secure.
Some people wear cups.
Some people wear dread locks for style.
Some people wear dreadlocks, others sport bangs or spikes .
Some people wear dust masks while vacuuming dusty rooms.
Some people wear formals and tuxes.
Some people wear gloves when they dig which is a good idea and makes the job a bit safer.
Some people wear gloves.
Some people wear jeans.
Some people wear leather jackets today.
Some people wear makeup on their faces.
Some people wear mittens and heavy socks all year round, even in warm weather, indoors and out.
Some people wear monitors.
Some people wear pajamas to bed at night.
Some people wear party hats here too.
Some people wear rubber gloves and apply the product with a sponge.
Some people wear shirts which declare the groups they belong to and the causes they support.
Some people wear shorts and gaiters up to the knees to handle brush, thorns, and poison ivy.
Some people wear sneakers instead of shoes.
Some people wear sprigs of shamrock in a buttonhole on the holiday.
Some people wear their depression like a badge .
Some people wear their heart on their sleeve.
Some people wear their heart up on their sleeve.
Some people wear their hearts on their sleeves.
Some people wear their helmet all the time no matter what.
Some people wear their patriotism on their sleeve.
Some people wear their political correctness on their sleeve.
Some people wear their pumps in fanny packs.
Some people wear their smile like a disguise.
Some people wear their under garments, others bring swim suits, and many prefer to tan in the buff.
Some people wear tick-collars made for small dogs around their ankles over their socks or pants.
Some people wear ties, some wear sandals, and no one seems to notice.
Some people wear tights and t-shirts, some wear shorts or sweat pants, and others prefer leotards.
Some people wear traditional clothes and some wear modern clothes.
Some people wear tweezers around their necks to pluck the painful lashes, but they can grow back.
Some people wear very strong scents and some wear too much.
Some people wear western clothing there, others wear traditional Yapese clothing.
Some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives, and some weave gold thread.
Some people weave the yarn into cloth.
Some people wedge something thin into the battery bay to make the battery fit in more tightly.
Some people weep and cry when they are depressed.
Some people welcome change and are ready to jump on board.
Some people welcome poetry anthologies, for they shorten the task of choosing what to read.
Some people welcome the chance to learn about new areas, but others wonder if they are safe.
Some people wet the straw first and then use steam to pasteurize it.
Some people whisper that it is emigration.
Some people win and some people lose.
Some people win big, while most lose a lot of money.
Some people win events.
Some people win lotteries.
Some people win money, others lose money.
Some people win the lottery.
Some people win, but others lose, they claim.
Some people win, while others lose.
Some people win.
Some people wind it around the little finger as well.
Some people wish for happiness, some for health, and others for keeping their beauty.
Some people wish for peace for our children and their children.
Some people wish they had a mission in life.
Some people wish to corrupt, manipulate, and warp the system to their own end.
Some people wish to cover the cage at night.
Some people wish to do without good works.
Some people wish to get what they deserve, while others fear the same.
Some people wish to keep their telephone number and other directory information confidential.
Some people wish to learn to row in the Spring.
Some people wish to only reserve their domain name for future use.
Some people wish to purchase their own equipment through other sources.
Some people wish to retain their old but familiar equipment for as long as possible.
Some people wish to travel from a distance to work intensively on a health problem.
Some people wish, wish ,wish.
Some people wish.
Some people withdraw and grieve privately.
Some people withdraw from the offending party or from their whole family.
Some people wonder . . . .
Some people wonder . . .
Some people wonder how their branding is going to come across on a Web site.
Some people wonder how they are poisonous.
Some people wonder how they can pray for an hour.
Some people wonder if all that sugar can be good for the birds.
Some people wonder if computers really improve our lives.
Some people wonder if it helps to read to children after they learn to read.
Some people wonder if it's cruel to omit meat from a dog or cat's diet.
Some people wonder if it's necessary to have a spiritual master.
Some people wonder if rabbits are more like cats or dogs.
Some people wonder if the devil really exists.
Some people wonder if there is a difference between wheel covers and hubcaps.
Some people wonder if they are really alcoholics.
Some people wonder if they ve contracted the common cold or a flu virus or asthma.
Some people wonder what happened.
Some people wonder what happens to all the lost mail.
Some people wonder what is left for computer scientists to do.
Some people wonder what that means.
Some people wonder where all the time goes.
Some people wonder where the spirituality is in Jewish worship.
Some people wonder whether Internet telephony is safe.
Some people wonder whether there's anything distinctive about Atlanta anymore.
Some people wonder which way to turn nuts and bolts.
Some people wonder why a hospital is getting into the housing business.
Some people wonder why it's important to protect native biodiversity.
Some people wonder why kids decide to leave school and do their studies at home.
Some people wonder why the campus offers rideshare programs.
Some people wonder why there is suffering on earth.
Some people wonder why they are considered to be mollusks.
Some people work a lot.
Some people work all their lives for a shot, one downhill race.
Some people work all year trying to get away.
Some people work all year without pay.
Some people work as law librarians without formal training in librarianship.
Some people work as volunteers to gain experience to become career firefighters.
Some people work at a job they hate.
Some people work at computers all day long and some have to stand all day by machines.
Some people work at the computer all day and then go home to sit more hours at their home computers.
Some people work at their writing for a long time without actually writing anything down.
Some people work best as team members.
Some people work best by themselves, others as part of a group.
Some people work best early in the morning when they are feeling fresh.
Some people work best in a quiet library, others study best first thing in the morning.
Some people work best in silence, alone, or in the morning.
Some people work best in the morning, others in the afternoon or at night.
Some people work best with outlines and strict word counts.
Some people work best with outlines.
Some people work better in quiet environments, others in noisy ones.
Some people work better in the mornings, some work better later in the day.
Some people work better independently than others.
Some people work better out front.
Some people work better under the stress and pressure that procrastinating brings about.
Some people work continuously and then stop for a long time.
Some people work directly with the public and are responsible for providing services and programs.
Some people work early and do registration, course setup or tech.
Some people work fast, some people work slow, some people work just right.
Some people work faster or slower than others based upon their personal experience with computers.
Some people work faster than others, thrive on challenge, and withstand pressure well.
Some people work for a government agency and are in charge of managing fisheries.
Some people work for money, some for creative exchange, and some for the social experience.
Some people work for the airport.
Some people work for the government, the hamlet, the health centre, the day care and the school.
Some people work for the two local stores.
Some people work for two companies at once.
Some people work for very low wages which the state subsidised through family credits etc.
Some people work from there homes.
Some people work hard and make an effort to do the job.
Some people work hard but forget to broadcast their achievements.
Some people work hard for their money, but they find that keeping it is even harder.
Some people work hard to gain knowledge, power, wealth or honor.
Some people work hard, struggle and touch success but are afraid of it for whatever reason.
Some people work harder for recognition than they do for money.
Some people work harder on their career than they do on their relationships.
Some people work harder today to pay taxes than they once did to earn a living.
Some people work harder.
Some people work in a big fancy office.
Some people work in basements.
Some people work in commercial fish industries.
Some people work in construction.
Some people work in fish industries.
Some people work in gas stations and they're poets.
Some people work in industries.
Some people work in stores.
Some people work in the studio with just the artist, producer, an engineer.
Some people work in vi.
Some people work just for money.
Some people work like crazy and never accomplish anything.
Some people work long hours because they have to, others because they want to.
Some people work making cars for example.
Some people work more comfortably with all projects and materials out in plain sight.
Some people work most productively by writing at length rather than by following an outline.
Some people work on a one in-one out system.
Some people work on a regular schedule coming in once a week.
Some people work only at night, and others rotate between day, evening, and night shifts.
Some people work only at night.
Some people work out for the sake of their health.
Some people work out of their homes.
Some people work out their issues in therapy.
Some people work out to compete or to prepare for some form of competition.
Some people work out to feel better about themselves.
Some people work out with trainers who kick their butts.
Some people work out.
Some people work over the day's performance schedule with highlighters, plotting their every move.
Some people work part-time, and personal issues and child care needs are taken into account.
Some people work primarily through others.
Some people work safely in dangerous surroundings.
Some people work simply to buy more things.
Some people work some relax.
Some people work that way.
Some people work the fields with a couple of cows pulling some implement.
Some people work the regular nine to five hours while others work on rotation or on shifts.
Some people work their whole lives trying to get back to that simple yet elusive ability.
Some people work to acquire all they can.
Some people work to improve things.
Some people work to keep everything the same as before.
Some people work to live and some people live to work.
Some people work to support a desired standard of living.
Some people work too hard at getting to sleep.
Some people work too hard.
Some people work twelve-hour shifts with four days on, rotating with four days off.
Some people work very hard to make their yards look very pretty.
Some people work very hard, but still they never get it right.
Some people work well using outlines.
Some people work well with their hands.
Some people work with a coach for years.
Some people work with amphibians.
Some people work with animals.
Some people work with bears.
Some people work with bees.
Some people work with birds.
Some people work with butterflies.
Some people work with captive amphibians.
Some people work with cats.
Some people work with cattle.
Some people work with chemicals.
Some people work with chickens.
Some people work with chimpanzees.
Some people work with computers and numbers.
Some people work with deer.
Some people work with dogs.
Some people work with dolphins.
Some people work with electronics.
Some people work with elephants.
Some people work with families.
Some people work with gears and tools.
Some people work with grasshoppers.
Some people work with horses.
Some people work with insects.
Some people work with livestock.
Some people work with mammals.
Some people work with marine mammals as an avocation, which also can be rewarding.
Some people work with math.
Some people work with monkeys.
Some people work with multiple resumes.
Some people work with pets.
Some people work with pigs.
Some people work with rabbits.
Some people work with rats.
Some people work with rodents.
Some people work with school staff in classrooms and offices.
Some people work with sharks.
Some people work with sports.
Some people work with squirrels.
Some people work.
Some people worm once a month.
Some people worry a lot.
Some people worry about addiction to pain medications.
Some people worry about bad breath too much - the problem is more in their head than in their mouth.
Some people worry about breaking a nail, but that's kind of a joke.
Some people worry about cookies and their potential for mischief by unethical site providers.
Some people worry about cultural imperialism, the ability to influence another culture.
Some people worry about discipline.
Some people worry about feeling closed in, however, the tube always remains open on both ends.
Some people worry about having a heart attack while exercising.
Some people worry about hiring someone they've never met.
Some people worry about it.
Some people worry about our godless culture.
Some people worry about placing orders online.
Some people worry about rolling over and smothering the child.
Some people worry about that.
Some people worry about the culture changing.
Some people worry about the end times.
Some people worry about the number of items now in low earth orbit.
Some people worry about the radiation, but monitors emit safe levels.
Some people worry about the safety of food irradiation itself.
Some people worry about the side effects of influenza vaccine.
Some people worry about their hearts stopping.
Some people worry about their weight.
Some people worry about upsetting or depressing others.
Some people worry about what's going to happen in Russia, but they're capitalists now.
Some people worry because the Houston apartment market appears to be overbuilt.
Some people worry constantly.
Some people worry more than others but everyone worries sometimes.
Some people worry so much about today, they miss tomorrow.
Some people worry so much that it has become an occupational hazard.
Some people worry so much that they can wear a day out before it even gets here.
Some people worry that cancer can be transmitted to their partner through sexual relations.
Some people worry that registration is a backward step.
Some people worry that screening invades privacy or scares volunteers away.
Some people worry that students learn less when taking an online course.
Some people worry that such mutual sniping can distract technicians of both categories.
Some people worry that taking medicines on a regular schedule means taking too much medicine.
Some people worry that technology is dehumanizing.
Some people worry that the increased density can reduce privacy.
Some people worry that the life span of electronic media is too short.
Some people worry that they'll pay more tax if they use the wrong form.
Some people worry that too many principals are leaving in a short amount of time.
Some people worry well, and others are worried sick.
Some people worry while studying and while thinking about what happens when they take a test.
Some people worry, others believe there is no such thing as Doomsday .
Some people worship technology.
Some people worship their significant other.
Some people wrap freshwater fish in foil and throw it over the heat.
Some people wrap with tissue paper.
Some people wring their hands.
Some people wrinkle their noses at garage sales.
Some people write a message with indent but it is meaningless.
Some people write a short letter, others use headings and bullet points.
Some people write badly as a result of applying visual thinking inappropriately to writing.
Some people write because they're driven to pour it out on the page.
Some people write books.
Some people write code and very many more people use that code.
Some people write codes as a kind of game .
Some people write codes as a kind of game.
Some people write conclusions.
Some people write down their plans on a calendar.
Some people write emulators, others rewrite things.
Some people write entire books on the environment without having a brain.
Some people write for money.
Some people write good essays, others are good at multiple choice questions.
Some people write in the hope of becoming commercially successful.
Some people write in their laps, sitting in a comfortable chair.
Some people write in Thesbian script or in other alphabets.
Some people write letters while others sink whaling boats.
Some people write long and some write short.
Some people write long messages in an effort to avoid being misunderstood.
Some people write long reviews, some write short ones.
Some people write manuscripts that have no nationwide audience and are forced to self-publish.
Some people write music.
Some people write one story a month, others write three or four during a week.
Some people write or phone to challenge sloppy enunciation.
Some people write out an outline, others merely make list of terms to reming themselves.
Some people write paragraphs or use bullets, others get out the markers and make pie charts.
Some people write permission.
Some people write poems about their lovers.
Some people write poetry.
Some people write provocative books, others spill their guts to the tabloids.
Some people write recipe books.
Some people write sites on cooking, others about musicians and bands.
Some people write some nice long letters.
Some people write something interesting or funny here.
Some people write specific dates and activities under the headings.
Some people write stories or make movies about beings from other planets.
Some people write symphonies for lost loved ones, others build monuments.
Some people write the funniest reviews.
Some people write the reciprocal on the other side of the line, which is also useful.
Some people write things that are mean or hostile.
Some people write to do that.
Some people write to say how much they love their neighbors.
Some people write to share information.
Some people write twelve songs a year and get six cut.
Some people write very funny and interesting things about themselves.
Some people write well but allow themselves to be disabled by a fear of punctuation and grammar.
Some people write well, but hate to talk on the phone.
Some people write wishes in a letter, and then they burn it.
Some people write.
Some people wrongly associate somberness with spirituality.
Some people wrongly believe that installing and repairing signs is easy.
Some people wrongly call our demand intervention.
Some people wrongly think that disability is about wheelchair users only.
Some people wrongly think that it costs money to donate.
Some people yearn for a more tranquil, natural sporting vacation.
Some people yell.
Some people zip through and others stop and take their time the whole way through.
Some peoples are good at life.
Some peoples calls it a teeter-totter.
Some peoples have a different frame of reference.
Some peoples say the devil is beautiful.
Peoplistic communication is the key.
Peoria laws prohibit the dumping of asphalt and concrete within city limits.
Pep band is a class, so attendence at each game is required.
Pep band is a one-credit semester course.
Pep bands play at basketball games and wrestling meets.
A pep rally is a rally
Pep rallies are also a place where freshmen are picked on.
Pep talk is exhortation.
Pep talk is incitement
Pep talks can have their place, but often they wear off by the second half of the game.
Pep talks do work.
Pep talk's over.
PEP acts as a catalyst that drives process improvement.
PEP allows a peer to ask for routing information to route messages to another peer.
PEP allows reservists an opportunity to be promoted one grade above the position they occupy.
PEP also affords reasoning about compatible extensions and composite extensions.
PEP also has a library with various fitness periodicals.
PEP also has numerous volunteer recognition programs, including an annual award ceremony.
PEP also needs volunteers for computer work, phone work and translating on an as-needed basis.
PEP also performs well even with noisy telephone lines.
PEP also provides CEQA compliance planning for campus-owned and leased facilities.
PEP believes that classroom learning is improved by preparatory study.
PEP conducts activities that promote a healthy personal lifestyle.
PEP continues to win awards and receive worldwide publicity.
PEP covers only personal effects with which the renter or immediate family member are traveling.
PEP enshrines a philosophy of decentralization.
PEP forms a catalyst that spurs change.
PEP helps schools create a profile of discipline patterns to better target their efforts.
PEP is a four-week program of two or three antiviral medications, several times a day.
PEP is a great new program for Virginia families.
PEP is a step in that direction.
PEP is a tool for the design and verification of parallel systems.
PEP is a two-way street that also encourages parents to spend more time at school.
PEP is a unified conceptual model of what an extension is.
PEP is an informational resource for parents, educators, and children's software publishers.
PEP is an intense summer program for underrepresented first year students.
PEP is based on a three- phase performance cycle.
PEP is complicated.
PEP is converted to pyruvate, releasing energy.
PEP is currently part of treatment guidelines for perinatal and occupational exposures.
PEP is delivered and supported by a network of professional agents and consultants.
PEP is designed to help people express themselves through the beauty of the arts.
PEP is designed to provide a networking opportunity for all division staff.
PEP is designed to provide the young child with a stimulating Christian learning environment.
Pep is financial accounts.
PEP is for children in first and second grade.
PEP is for students only and is run by students only.
PEP is independent from a certain programming language and other programming tools.
Pep is life
PEP is primarily a training program for Russian entrepreneurs.
PEP is single-packet based, providing retransmissions but no duplicate packet detection.
PEP is sloppy, fun and challenging all at the same time.
PEP is the state suggestion program.
PEP maintains a database of over ten thousand completed systems-development projects.
PEP maintains ongoing communication with health care professionals in the community.
PEP occurs following a fifteen-month intensive practical and lecture programme.
PEP offers a competitive interest rate.
PEP offers nondegree instructional programs and services . . .
PEP offers several financing packages.
PEP offers the employer competitive pricing at local providers for the employee's convenience.
PEP offers vision benefit plans that fill a void that is left by most health care plans.
PEP pays covered claims even if the renter's homeowner's policy provides coverage.
PEP pays for double rooms.
PEP provides a quality program for children in a healthy, caring and safe environment.
PEP provides year-round continuity of services.
PEP recommends that it take place at the workplace of the administrator under evaluation.
PEP sends a monthly newsletter to all members.
PEP serves preschoolers with mild to severe disabilities in Montgomery County, Maryland.
PEP stands for Positive Enhanced Performance.
PEP stands for Python Enhancement Proposal.
PEP supports any sized business.
PEP supports community action through participants' projects to change and improve community.
PEP supports community action through participants projects to change and improve the community.
PEP then enters the reverse glycolytic pathway.
PEP utilizes the largest, most accurate, benchmark database in the world.
PEPs allow investors to save tax when they buy shares.
PEPs are instruments for setting environmental standards, goals, protocols and guidelines.
Peps can cause problems for investors who want to switch.
Pepco employees have the option to transfer from one fund to another once a quarter.
PEPE combines two spectrometers into one package.
PEPE is so versatile that it can be used almost anywhere in our solar system.
A peperomia is a herb
Peperomia is a dicot in the family Piperaceae .
Peperomia is a type of flowering plant called an angiosperm.
Peperomia 's In the biosystem of the canopy, multiple plant families have their place.
Peperomias are herbs.
Peperomias vary consistently in appearance.
Most peperomias have fleshy leaves and stems.
Some peperomias have smooth, waxy, plain green leaves.
Peplum jacket has front darts and padded shoulders.
Pepper Creek flows into Indian River.
Pepper grass is a herb
Some pepper grass is mixed in.
Pepper moths show features.
Most pepper moths show features.
Some pepper moths attack aquatic plants.
Some pepper moths attack certain plants.
Some pepper moths attack plants.
Some pepper moths have appearances.
Pepper oil is produced by steam distillation of whole or crushed fruits.
Pepper plants get weather.
A pepper sauce is a sauce
Pepper sauce promotes production of gastric juices thus aiding digestion.
Pepper seeds require warmth.
Pepper spray can be very effective if used properly.
Pepper spray can stop most attackers if it's sprayed at the face.
Pepper spray comes before hands-on and after verbal commands.
Pepper spray is a chemical weapon
Pepper spray is a dangerous weapon.
Pepper spray is a derivative of cayenne peppers and is used as a self-defense mechanism.
Pepper spray is a non-lethal means of dealing with grizzly bear encounters.
Pepper spray is a non-lethal weapon.
Pepper spray is a proven alternative defense to bullets.
Pepper spray is a spray can
Pepper spray is a type of tear gas made from pepper extracts.
Pepper spray is a weapon that attacks the respiratory system.
Pepper spray is aerosols.
Pepper spray is all natural being made of cayenne pepper extract.
Pepper spray is always fun, too.
Pepper spray is an aerosol substance used for self-defense.
Pepper spray is an excellent animal deterrent.
Pepper spray is an inflammatory agent .
Pepper spray is an inflammatory agent.
Pepper spray is chemical weapons.
Pepper spray is generally good stuff.
Pepper spray is just the latest and greatest in a long line of bear repellents.
Pepper spray is legal to carry for the purposes of self-defense in most states.
Pepper spray is located in purses.
Pepper spray is located in roadblock.
Pepper spray is made from extracts of cayenne pepper.
Pepper spray is nasty stuff.
Pepper spray is nothing to sneeze at.
Pepper spray is oil-based.
Pepper spray is quite effective, if used properly, under certain circumstances.
Pepper spray is reported to repel bears.
Pepper spray is tear gases.
Pepper spray is the most commonly carried self defense device.
Pepper spray is used after the use of physical force and before the use of a baton.
Pepper spray makes a man a mouse.
Pepper spray offers MPs a worthwhile choice.
Pepper spray works as well on bears as it does on dogs.
Pepper sprays are for open well ventilated areas.
Pepper sprays are legal in some form in all fifty states.
Pepper sprays vary considerably in the amount of oleoresin they contain.
Some pepper sprays unleash a steady stream, while others shoot in a quick burst or cone-shaped flow.
Pepper trees produce flowers that are attractive, but messy.
Pepper trees produce flowers.
Most pepper trees produce flowers.
Some pepper trees belong to families.
Some pepper trees produce allergen.
A pepper vine is a vine
Pepper vines snake up electric poles.
Pepper weevil is a serious pest of pepper.
Pepper weevil is an insect pest which is extremely damaging to the chile crop.
Pepper weevils complete one or two generations on black nightshade weeds in early spring.
Pepper weevils continue to build across the area particularly in older fields.
Pepper weevils occur in locations.
Pepper weevils occur in more northern locations.
Most pepper weevils occur in locations.
Most pepper weevils occur in more northern locations.
Pepper also helps clarify the nature and types of evidence at work in the knowledge situation.
Pepper applies manure solids with a small box spreader.
Pepper argues that there is yet another ground to affirm the trial court's decision.
Pepper assumes the identity of a woman who was shot during a record-company executive's murder.
Pepper assumes the role of a porn queen after a hard-core film actress is murdered.
Pepper can easily react during cooking and turn a sauce bitter.
Pepper can irritate the intestines .
Pepper can irritate the intestines.
Pepper can report the DNA sequence of each exon and intron separately.
Pepper causes sneezings.
Pepper Combine the shallots, white wine and wine vinegar in a nonreactive saucepan.
Pepper comes from peppercorns.
Pepper comes in many varieties, black, red , and white being the most common.
Pepper connoisseurs the world over consider it to be the finest variety known to man.
Pepper contains small amounts of safrole , a carcinogenic compound .
Pepper contains small amounts of safrole, a carcinogenic compound.
Pepper Cut the pepper in half.
Pepper does have many interesting witnesses that can be presented.
Pepper engineers a major drug purchase to help capture a police informant turned drug dealer.
Pepper features a facinating background detailing how the album came to be what it is.
Pepper floats on water.
Pepper gives the fan to Goody the baker, who mentions that the guards like sweets.
Pepper goes undercover as a fashion consultant when a designer loses more than just designs.
Pepper goes undercover as a high school teacher to hunt down a group of drug pushers.
Pepper goes undercover as a secretary to uncover the leaker.
Pepper goes undercover in Las Vegas to find the kidnapped grandson of an elderly millionaire.
Pepper goes undercover to catch a burglar dealing in high grade antiques through a pawnshop.
Pepper grows in climates.
Pepper grows in forest patches.
Pepper grows in patches.
Pepper grows in regions.
Pepper grows in warm climates.
Pepper has (part) cell membranes.
Pepper has (part) cells.
Pepper has (part) corpi.
Pepper has (part) cytoplasm.
Pepper has (part) nuclei.
Pepper has (part) plasma membranes.
Pepper has (part) sections.
Pepper has (part) vacuoles.
Pepper has (part) xylem.
Pepper has a share of third place.
Pepper has a ticket to fly in and baby-sit.
Pepper has an aromatic odour, pungent and bitterish taste.
Pepper has an elongated shape and matures to red.
Pepper has bell shapes.
Pepper has characteristic bell shapes.
Pepper has characteristic shapes.
Pepper has complex flavor.
Pepper has different flavour.
Pepper has flavor.
Pepper has flavour.
Pepper has great movement and temperament.
Pepper has hotness.
Pepper has mild smell.
Pepper has pepper.
Pepper has properties.
Pepper has relatives in Chester County, Tennessee.
Pepper has shapes.
Pepper has six clipboard and they are stored on disk.
Pepper has smell.
Pepper has strong flavor.
Pepper has the ball and takes it all the way to the hole and makes it.
Pepper has vitamins.
Pepper has wonderful flavor.
Pepper helps when there is fever, skin itching, gonorrhea, paralytic and arthritic diseases.
Pepper investigates an illegal gambling operation whose owners are also suspected of counterfeiting.
Pepper is a black velvet female.
Pepper is a Dalmatian puppy.
Pepper is a fine, muscular munk.
Pepper is a full-grown woman in every sense of the term.
Pepper is a funny spice, really three spices in one, each with a different flavor.
Pepper is a good hedge, and so is the sauce of caramelized onions.
Pepper is a great girl, housebroken, good with kids, cats and other dogs.
Pepper is a long-season crop.
Pepper is a most important and is one of the oldest spices.
Pepper is a near photocopy of Maris.
Pepper is a pepper vine
Pepper is a perennial climber requiring the support of live or dead standards.
Pepper is a perennial climber requiring the support of live or dead standrads.
Pepper is a seed from a plant.
Pepper is a solid black doe with great conformation.
Pepper is a special needs rabbit and needs someone with rabbit experience.
Pepper is a tender, warm-season vegetable.
Pepper is a vine.
Pepper is a wonderful Dalmatian mix.
Pepper is actually berries that are picked around nine months after flowering.
Pepper is all attention.
Pepper is also a talented artist with a poster available.
Pepper is also our photographer.
Pepper is always freshly grated onto the food.
Pepper is an aphrodisiac.
Pepper is an indispensable item in the food industry.
Pepper is another common name with multiple meanings.
Pepper is Appearance savvy and tries to offer a consistent and easy to use yet powerful interface.
Pepper is bigger.
Pepper is black.
Pepper is black.
Pepper is condiments.
Pepper is currently a recreation leadership major.
Pepper is especially agile.
Pepper is far too sophisticated.
Pepper is five years old.
Pepper is four or five years old and very well behaved.
Pepper is fruit.
Pepper is green.
Pepper is in the fountains to stay.
Pepper is just a little seed that has been ground.
Pepper is known for incorporating Native American music with jazz.
Pepper is known to cause sneezing .
Pepper is located in dinner.
Pepper is located in tables.
Pepper is marketed mainly as dried berries.
Pepper is mentioned by Roman writers in the fifth century.
Pepper is normally black rather than white.
Pepper is now able to remain submerged in a natural position.
Pepper is on the trail of a gang of lady bank robbers.
Pepper is one of our prettiest moving mares.
Pepper is one of the favorites to snap the streak.
Pepper is one of the four Ohio players returning from Poland.
Pepper is one of the most common spices used around the world .
Pepper is one of the most common spices used around the world.
Pepper is one of the most widely used spices and is used to flavor foods.
Pepper is out.
Pepper is part of capsicums.
Pepper is part of pepper.
Pepper is recorded.
Pepper is red.
Pepper is seasons.
Pepper is spices.
Pepper is superfluous.
Pepper is sweet, affectionate, attentive and needs a loving home.
Pepper is the first building on the right off that road.
Pepper is the first Florida political leader to be featured on a postage stamp.
Pepper is the most important spice crop cultivated in the district.
Pepper is the most prevalent, being named twenty-three times in guter spise .
Pepper is the second most valuable vegetable crop in Florida.
Pepper is the spice that changed history.
Pepper is to be offered on all salad dishes.
Pepper is used as an accent to a wide variety of dishes.
Pepper is vegetables.
Pepper is very intelligent and loves to play frisbee.
Pepper is vine with heart shaped leaves and small white flowers.
Pepper isa bush.
Pepper isa shrub.
Pepper lives in Columbus, Ohio.
Pepper looks away.
Pepper loves to pose for a picture.
Pepper Make a paste out of the marinade ingredients.
Pepper makes a jumper.
Pepper makes the save.
Pepper needs to be discussed.
Pepper obviously thinks so.
Pepper offers that coursework locally, as well.
Pepper poses as a revolutionary to nab the terrorist who murdered a police officer.
Pepper produces on output a file which contains the genetic elements found.
Pepper Put all ingredients in a slow cooker on low and cook about two hours.
Pepper rewards the user in a number of little ways.
Pepper runs to the door and lets the colonists in.
Pepper seems to say.
Pepper spray the whole damn bunch of idiots.
Pepper suffers from the same poor choice of vocalists evidenced last time around.
Pepper supports dragging and dropping of text.
Pepper travels back in time to save history.
Pepper's across the street.
Peppers also work well in a basket and can be interplanted with leaf lettuce.
Peppers are a beautiful green or deep red, large and slightly elongated.
Peppers are a labor-intensive crop to harvest, package, and ship, especially on a large scale.
Peppers are a low acid vegetable.
Peppers are a reasonable price.
Peppers are a tender, warm-season crop.
Peppers are a very experiential ingredient.
Peppers are addictive.
Peppers are also excellent of course in easy to fix chili.
Peppers are also more fragile when they're fully ripe.
Peppers are also sensitive to chill injury.
Peppers are amazing plants to grow in the home garden.
Peppers are an anticarcinogenic, warming, carminative, digestive and nutritive spice.
Peppers are an insignificant source of other vitamins.
Peppers are another hot area of pain research.
Peppers are approx.
Peppers are available in the supermarket year round.
Peppers are big business.
Peppers are edible, but extremely hot.
Peppers are famous as an aphrodisiac and a medicinal and digestive food.
Peppers are finally coming along, however high bacterial leaf spot remains a concern.
Peppers are good raw or cooked.
Peppers are higher in vitamin C than oranges.
Peppers are often dominant species where they are found.
Peppers are one of the oldest domesticated plants.
Peppers are perennial plants, native to South America, that are grown as annuals in North America.
Peppers are recalcitrant when it comes to cold temperatures, both in the air and in the soil.
Peppers are slow starters.
Peppers are stupid.
Peppers are subject to significant damage only after they begin to set fruit.
Peppers are sweet and mild.
Peppers are the leading hydroponically grown crop in Florida.
Peppers are versatile ingredients that can add sweetness, piquancy, or outright heat to dishes.
Peppers are very easy to grow in the home garden, and it's great fun to try different varieties.
Peppers are very hot and make an excellent addition to salsas and sauces.
Peppers are very popular and are widely grown.
Peppers are very rate sensitive.
Peppers are very versatile.
Peppers brighten menus in many ways.
Peppers can add color and zest to any dish.
Peppers can also be a good source for decoration.
Peppers can be red, green, yellow, and orange.
Peppers can self pollinate by dropping pollen directly from the anthers to the stigma.
Peppers change color as they ripen, some becoming red but others turning yellow or purple.
Peppers come in a rainbow of colors and sweet, ripe blueberries acquire a delicate frost of white.
Peppers come in all kinds of colors, sizes, and shapes.
Peppers come in all sizes and colors.
Peppers come in almost endless shapes and colors.
Peppers come in many sweet and hot varieties.
Peppers contain capsaicin, citrus fruits contain coumarins.
Peppers contain more Vitamin C than citrus fruits.
Peppers demographic, but the record's overall artistic balance is quite impressive.
Peppers do best if transplanted a few weeks later than tomatoes, once the soil has warmed up.
Peppers do best on a friable, well-drained, warm soil.
Peppers fare very well in the Valley climate and most herbs get along well with other plants.
Peppers generally have a long growing season and suffer slow growth during cool periods.
Peppers generally require a long growing season and grow very slowly during cool periods.
Peppers generally requires a minimum two nights stay on weekends and during public holidays.
Peppers get hotter when grown under stress.
Peppers grow best in warm weather.
Peppers grow best in well-drained loam or sandy loam soil.
Peppers grow tall and produce brittle branches.
Peppers grow well in containers when given adequate space, sunlight, water and fertilization.
Peppers has an excellent reputation for courteous, expedient service.
Peppers have a built-in mechanism for prevention of overfruiting.
Peppers have an undeserved reputation in our area for fussiness.
Peppers have healing and anti-biotic qualities.
Peppers have less cold tolerance than tomatoes, although more than eggplants.
Peppers have several requirements that won t be satisfied inside of a house.
Peppers have some of the most variable characteristics of any vegetable.
Peppers is a globally respected thought leader, futurist and consultant.
Peppers is rated the nation's ninth-best defensive lineman entering the season.
Peppers offer a wide variety for our enjoyment.
Peppers offers a long, spacious dining room, without counter, stools or heart-stopping pie.
Peppers offers well-priced, good food, a festive setting and efficient service.
Pepper's on-course demeanor is legendary, a cross between a pit bull and piranha.
Peppers originate from the tropical areas of mid and South America.
Peppers play hide and seek with dwarf nicotiana.
Peppers prefer rich, moist soil with good drainage in a sunny location.
Peppers prefer warm, moist, nutrient-rich soil in a warm climate.
Peppers provide a dramatic example.
Peppers range from mild to fiery in taste.
Peppers range in pungency from the sweet bell to the fiery habanero.
Peppers require a long growing season and warm to hot temperatures for fruiting.
Peppers require at least six hours of sun a day.
Peppers require full sun, but can be shaded during the heat of day to protect against sunscald.
Peppers require full sun, so set the container in a sunny location indoors or outdoors.
Peppers require little special care.
Peppers start out green turning to bright red.
Peppers start out purple and turn to red if left to ripen.
Peppers take longer to mature and produce fewer fruit than tomatoes.
Peppers tend to concentrate on the upper management.
Peppers thrive in a well-drained, fertile soil that is well supplied with moisture.
Peppers typically collapse rapidly and die.
Peppers used here are the Turkish kind, a cross between parika's and hot peppers.
Peppers vary in their susceptibility to root-knot nematode.
Peppers work well with the same soil and are great to toss into a salad for a little kick.
Peppers yield one crop per year.
Peppers often become hotter as they ripen, and hotter still when they're dried.
Peppers usually align with Mars.
All peppers are good pickled, as are cherry tomatoes and green tomatoes.
All peppers contain some amount of capsicum, the chemical that makes peppers hot.
All peppers get their pep from oils concentrated in the seeds and membranes.
All peppers require full sun, a fast-draining soil and regular water.
Many peppers are quite ornamental, and make splendid additions to the patio, porch, or balcony.
Most pepper grows in climates.
Most pepper grows in forest patches.
Most pepper grows in patches.
Most pepper grows in regions.
Most pepper grows in warm climates.
Most pepper has bell shapes.
Most pepper has characteristic bell shapes.
Most pepper has characteristic shapes.
Most pepper has complex flavor.
Most pepper has different flavour.
Most pepper has flavor.
Most pepper has flavour.
Most pepper has hotness.
Most pepper has mild smell.
Most pepper has pepper.
Most pepper has properties.
Most pepper has shapes.
Most pepper has strong flavor.
Most pepper has vitamins.
Most pepper has wonderful flavor.
Most peppers are annual plants, lasting only one season.
Most peppers start out green and mature to their ripe color.
Some pepper boosts metabolism.
Some pepper contains chemicals.
Some pepper contains potassium.
Some pepper contains substances.
Some pepper contains various chemicals.
Some pepper grows as tall vines.
Some pepper grows as vines.
Some pepper grows in zones.
Some pepper grows under conditions.
Some pepper has benefits.
Some pepper has flesh.
Some pepper has fruit.
Some pepper has levels.
Some pepper has power.
Some pepper has red fruit.
Some pepper has thick flesh.
Some pepper helps cancer.
Some pepper helps lung cancer.
Some pepper helps prevent cancer.
Some pepper helps prevent lung cancer.
Some pepper loses flavour.
Some pepper needs constant moisture.
Some pepper needs constant soil moisture.
Some pepper needs moisture.
Some pepper needs soil moisture.
Some pepper produces fruit.
Some pepper sets fruit.
Some peppers produce colorful fruits and are ornamental plants, too.
Pepperberry fairies work hard.
Peppercorn is a seasoning
Peppercorn is pepper.
Peppercorn takes a learner-centered approach to education.
Peppercorns also come in a medley, which is a blend of black, white, green and pink peppercorns.
Peppercorns keep well in a tightly sealed container kept in a cool place.
Peppered moths are eaten by birds.
Peppered moths are generally light in color and blend into the trunks of the trees they live on.
Peppered moths make a compelling case study in natural selection.
Some peppermint candies contain additional ingredients, such as chocolate or artificial flavorings.
Peppermint capsules offer a high content of menthol and methyl salicylate.
Peppermint extract works too.
Peppermint oil appears to act directly on the smooth muscle.
Peppermint oil applies to skin.
Peppermint oil can aid in oil secretion in skin, therefore preventing acne.
Peppermint oil can also be an effective solution for easing the ache.
Peppermint oil can be very potent when applied in high concentrations.
Peppermint oil can cause burning and gastrointestinal upset in some people.
Peppermint oil contains the essence of peppermint leaves.
Peppermint oil has a nice feel and keeps the lips looking luscious.
Peppermint oil has a strikingly refreshing aroma.
Peppermint oil has a wide usage base.
Peppermint oil is a little harder to find, but many specialized health stores carry it.
Peppermint oil is a more serious matter.
Peppermint oil is a seasoning
Peppermint oil is a very good traditional treatment for belching and other digestive complaints.
Peppermint oil is also an effective antibacterial and antiseptic agent for combating infections.
Peppermint oil is available in capsule form in health food stores.
Peppermint oil is great for tired feet,lavender oil is good to relax and for sleeping.
Peppermint oil is more commercially valuable.
Peppermint oil is native to a number of countries.
Peppermint oil is used for sweets.
Some peppermint oil has bases.
Some peppermint oil improves health.
Some peppermint oil improves symptoms.
Some peppermint oil maintains health.
Peppermint plants display leaves.
Peppermint plants grow to height.
Peppermint plants have factors.
Peppermint plants have flowers.
Peppermint plants have green leaves.
Peppermint plants have leaves.
Peppermint plants have many beneficial factors.
Peppermint plants have many factors.
Peppermint plants have shiny green leaves.
Peppermint plants have shiny leaves.
Peppermint plants have slender flowers.
Peppermint plants have tall flowers.
Peppermint plants survive in environments.
Peppermint plants to produce fertile seeds.
Peppermint plants to produce seeds.
Peppermint shrimp are easy to take care in a tank, unless it is a reef tank .
Peppermint shrimp are nocturnal in nature.
Peppermint shrimp are small saltwater invertebrates .
Peppermint shrimp are small saltwater invertebrates.
Peppermint shrimp has body shells.
Peppermint shrimp has hard shells.
Peppermint shrimp has shells.
Peppermint shrimp is a species of shrimp known by the scientific name Lysmata wurdemanni.
All peppermint shrimp start off as males.
Most peppermint shrimp has body shells.
Most peppermint shrimp has hard shells.
Most peppermint shrimp has shells.
Peppermint tea appears to be safe, even in large quantities.
Peppermint tea can help ease wind or pain.
Peppermint tea can soothe the digestive tract and eliminate gas.
Peppermint tea is a common home remedy for flatulence .
Peppermint tea is a tonic for bad breath, earache, fever, gallstones, hives, heartburn and nausea.
Peppermint tea is also effective in easing an upset stomach.
Peppermint tea is also good for sore throats just gargle several times per day.
Peppermint tea is an excellent remedy for fever and chills.
Peppermint tea is available in capsules and the bach flower remedy is given via dropper.
Peppermint tea is especially good after a meal as it both aids digestion and soothes the stomach.
Peppermint tea is good for nausea, indigestion and gas.
Peppermint tea is great for overeating, nausea, indigestion and some cases of heartburn.
Peppermint tea is prepared from dried leaves of the plant and is widely available commercially.
Peppermint tea is regarded as a stimulant, a cure for flatulence and has antiseptic properties.
Peppermint tea is used also for palpitation of the heart.
Peppermint tea is very refreshing after a heavy meal.
Peppermint tea makes a good astringent.
Peppermint tea makes a soothing drink.
Peppermint tea makes from leaves.
Peppermint tea provides a myriad of health benefits.
Most peppermint tea makes from leaves.
Some peppermint tea helps people.
A peppermint is an eucalyptus tree
Peppermint aids gastrointestinal health.
Peppermint attracts the pearly crescentspot.
Peppermint finishes the moment with a cooling note.
Peppermint grows almost everywhere.
Peppermint grows best in well-drained, fertile, loamy soils in full sun to partial shade.
Peppermint grows to a height of about a foot and a half.
Peppermint helps fight fatigue, forgetfulness and relieves headaches.
Peppermint helps get rid of gas, indigestion and heartburn.
Peppermint helps support gastric comfort.
Peppermint helps upset tummies, toothaches and fatigue.
Peppermint is available as a tincture, tea, essential oil, oil capsules, and tablets.
Peppermint is available as commercial tea, tinctures, and fresh or dried leaves and flowers.
Peppermint is in fact a natural hybrid of green mint and water mint with sterile flowers.
Peppermint is well known for soothing the stomach and digestive tract.
Peppermint isa mint.
Peppermint privileges the phallus.
Peppermint relaxes gastrointestinal issues, calming irritable bowels.
Peppermint relaxes the muscles that allow painful digestive gas to pass.
Peppermint relieves tired feet and is the best cooling herb.
Peppermint stimulates the skin's oil production.
Peppermint supports liver function by improving the flow of bile from the liver to the gallbladder.
Peppermint works on the salivary glands, the first process in digestion.
Peppermints add flavor.
Peppermints are albums.
Peppermints are mint.
Peppermints are plants.
Peppermints come from plants.
Peppermints contain acid.
Peppermints grow in areas.
Peppermints grow in residential areas.
Peppermints have (part) cell membranes.
Peppermints have (part) cells.
Peppermints have (part) corpi.
Peppermints have (part) cytoplasm.
Peppermints have (part) nuclei.
Peppermints have (part) plasma membranes.
Peppermints have (part) sections.
Peppermints have (part) vacuoles.
Peppermints have (part) vegetables.
Peppermints have a huge appetite for eating aptasia, and hair algae.
Peppermints have behavior.
Peppermints have certain behavior.
Peppermints have heavy scent.
Peppermints have invasive behavior.
Peppermints have scent.
Peppermints have smell.
Peppermints have strong smell.
Peppermints have strong taste.
Peppermints have taste.
Peppermints relax sphincters.
Peppermints require frequent irrigation.
Peppermints require irrigation.
Most peppermints add flavor.
Most peppermints come from plants.
Most peppermints contain acid.
Most peppermints grow in areas.
Most peppermints grow in residential areas.
Most peppermints have behavior.
Most peppermints have certain behavior.
Most peppermints have heavy scent.
Most peppermints have invasive behavior.
Most peppermints have scent.
Most peppermints have strong smell.
Most peppermints have strong taste.
Most peppermints relax sphincters.
Most peppermints require frequent irrigation.
Most peppermints require irrigation.
Some peppermints have ability.
Some peppermints have blossoms.
Some peppermints have effect muscles.
Some peppermints have effects.
Some peppermints have muscles.
Some peppermints have positive effects.
Some peppermints have similar effects.
Some peppermints have violet blossoms.
Some peppermints make refresh tea.
Some peppermints make tea.
Some peppermints relax muscles.
Some peppermints relax smooth muscles.
A pepperoni is sausage
Pepperoni is America's favorite pizza topping.
Pepperoni is America's favorite topping.
Pepperonis are food.
Pepperonis are located in pizzas.
Pepperonis are salami.
Pepperonis are sausage.
Peppy music is on the air about milking time as farmers have radios in their barns.
Pepsin breaks down proteins.
Pepsin digests only protein.
Pepsin digests proteins.
Pepsin has (part) atoms.
Pepsin has (part) chemical chain.
Pepsin has (part) chemical groups.
Pepsin helps break down proteins.
Pepsin is an enzyme
Pepsin isa enzyme.
Pepsin works only in the presence of hydrochloric acid.
Most pepsin breaks down proteins.
Most pepsin helps break down proteins.
Pepsinogen is activated by the removal of a small fragment.
Pepsinogen is an enzyme in the stomach responsible for the formation of pepsin.
Pepsinogen is an enzyme that starts protein digestion.
Pepsinogen is an enzyme
Pepsinogen is converted to the active protein digesting form, pepsin.
Pepsinogen is enzymes.
Pepsinogen is produced in cells that line the gastric pits .
Pepsinogen is secreted by the chief cells.
Pepsinogen is the enzyme in the stomach that hydrolyzes proteins.
Peptic ulcer is a chronic condition.
Peptic ulcer is diseases.
Peptic ulcer is ulcer
Peptic ulcer is ulcer.
Peptic ulcers are very common in the west.
Peptic ulcers can cause massive bleeding, which requires blood transfusion or surgery.
Peptic ulcers can develop into emergency situations.
Peptic ulcers cause black or tarry stools.
Peptic ulcers look like mouth ulcers.
Peptic ulcers occur in the stomach or duodenum .
Peptic ulcers require the presence of acid-pepsin.
Most peptic ulcers occur in the lining of the stomach or duodenum.
Peptic ulceration is rare during pregnancy.
Peptic ulceration is ulcer
A peptidase is an enzyme
Peptidase cleaves the inhibitory ends off, allowing formation of fibrils.
Peptidase isa enzyme.
Peptidases are important in completing breakdown of peptides into amino acids.
Peptidases break peptides down into individual amino acids.
Peptidases have (part) atoms.
Peptidases have (part) chemical chain.
Peptidases have (part) chemical groups.
Peptidases help in digestion of proteins.
A peptide bond is a bond
Peptide bond is planar and rigid.
Peptide bonds are amide links.
Peptide bonds are chemical bonds.
Peptide bonds are covalent bonds.
Peptide bonds are the only covalent bond that can link together two amino acids in proteins.
Peptide bonds assume the trans configuration.
Peptide bonds form, and anticodons bind to complementary codons.
Peptide bonds linking amino acids are susceptible to enzymatic attack.
Peptide hormones act on membrane receptors which activate proteins that are already present.
Peptide hormones are hormones.
Peptide hormones are peptides.
Peptide hormones are polypeptide.
Peptide hormones are proteins that are used for cell-cell communication.
Peptide hormones are simply special proteins with bioregulatory functions.
Peptide hormones are usually very short chains of amino acids.
Peptide hormones are water-soluble and dissolve easily in the extracellular fluid.
Peptide hormones bind to a receptor on the cell membrane.
Some peptide hormones have local paracrine , rather than distant, endocrine, effects.
Peptide mapping is now a key part of quality control in the production of protein drugs.
Peptide receptors undergo axonal transport in the vagus nerve.
Some peptide sequences can be more complicated to synthesize or challenging to purify.
Peptide synthesis is blocked midcourse.
Peptide synthesis provides an excellent illustration of potential differences in extent of service.
Peptide vaccines contain fragments of genes that can prompt an immune response.
A peptide is an amide
Peptide antagonists with the ability to modulate the activity of multiple chemokine receptors.
Peptide binding cleft is open end.
Peptide blockers to prevent culture agglutination.
Peptide changes in the parabrachial nucleus following cervical vagal stimulation .
Peptide continues to undergo evaluation by leaders in animal agriculture.
Peptide hormonesa e soluble in water.
Peptide intermediates in the degradation of cellular proteins.
Peptide is an array class.
Peptide is produced in the laboratory, and is of known potency.
Peptide isosters .
Peptide libraries to discover structural basis of protein protein interactions.
Peptide ligands for a sugar-binding protein isolated from a random peptide library.
Peptide oligomers for holographic data storage.
Peptide plans to market the vaccine to other governments, including Israel.
Peptide reagents for research in physiology and other fields.
Peptide substrates for tyrosine kinases.
Peptide Toxins from Amanita.
Peptides also regulate various aspects of the nervous system.
Peptides are a diverse group of compounds that mediate communication among neurons and glia.
Peptides are absorbed into the mucosal cells by pinocytosis.
Peptides are active substances used by the pharmaceutical industry.
Peptides are also useful in the development of new diagnostic tools.
Peptides are amides.
Peptides are amino acids strung together very much like pearls strung along a necklace.
Peptides are among the more significant messengers in the body.
Peptides are among the most common chemical structures found in animals.
Peptides are chains of amino acids.
Peptides are expensive to produce, and they degrade quickly.
Peptides Are fragments of a whole protein molecule.
Peptides are important in countless areas of biomedical research.
Peptides are links of amino acids that boost collagen and elastin production.
Peptides are messenger molecules that have specific sites on cell surfaces to which they bind.
Peptides are polymers.
Peptides are powerful isolates of amino acids derived from much longer whole whey protein molecules.
Peptides are regulators of the activity of other molecules, like proteins.
Peptides are short chains of amino acids that can take on many structural forms.
Peptides are short chains of amino acids.
Peptides are short polymers of amino acids.
Peptides are small chains of amino acids still linked together.
Peptides are small chains of amino acids, the building blocks of protein.
Peptides are small consisting of few amino acids.
Peptides are small proteins that play a key role in body chemistry.
Peptides are smaller, low molecular weight compounds, sometimes as small as two amino acids.
Peptides are sources of amino acids and nitrogen for cells.
Peptides are the building blocks of proteins.
Peptides are the long chains of amino acid residues that make up a protein subunit.
Peptides are therefore an important factor of neuronal plasticity.
Peptides are ubiquitous modulators of neural networks.
Peptides are usually too small to have extensive secondary or tertiary structures.
Peptides are what make up proteins.
Peptides based on the hydrophobic proteins are also effective inhibitors of adhesion.
Peptides begin to fold into secondary structure even as they are being translated.
Peptides bind to eosinophils in the rat stomach.
Peptides can serve as antigens capable of being recognized by the immune system.
Peptides consisting solely of glutamine residues can form insoluble complexes.
Peptides contribute to the sensory quality of circumgenital scent marks in marmoset monkeys.
Peptides enhance the fullness of beer.
Peptides form the constituent parts of proteins .
Peptides form the constituent parts of proteins.
Peptides mostly adjust or regulate metabolic events.
Peptides regulate some aspects of protein expression.
Peptides transform themselves like tiny smart Legos into millions of essential substances.
Many peptides occur in nature only in minute quantities.
Most peptides are soluble in distilled water.
Some peptides are very hygroscopic.
A peptone is an organic compound
Peptone agar with dextrose and ferrous sulfate.
Peptones are enzymic digests of other proteins often meat scraps.
Peptones are organic compounds.
Peptones are soluble pieces cut from proteins.
PepWindow plots default to a running average curve.
PERS allows the caller to speak from a distance and tell the dispatcher what is wrong.
PERS also conducts work-site presentations.
PERS also has survivor and disability protection for the employee.
PERS also offers death and disability benefits.
PERS also provides death and disability benefits.
PERS also publishes a variety of informational pieces on various topics.
PERS can also provide testimony over the telephone.
PERS covers many public employees, from firefighters to bureaucrats.
PERS denotes personality.
PERS employs a number of institutional investment management firms.
PERS has a well diversified portfolio.
PERS includes pension, disability, and death benefits.
PERS invests in a variety of financial assets to meet future liabilities.
PERS is a defined benefit plan.
PERS is a defined benefit retirement plan.
PERS is an equal opportunity employer.
PERS is dedicated to providing the best customer service possible.
PERS is funded through member and employer contributions and investment earnings.
PERS is intended as a supplement to a course of self-study .
PERS is one of the best funded plans in the country.
PERS is the building on the right.
PERS is the state agency that administers our pension funds and health care benefits.
Pers nlich Germany.
Pers nlich oral Basic knowledge in implementing structural fire protection.
PERS offers an alternative calculation based on account balance and employer contributions.
PERS provides copies to PERS-participating employers for distribution to active members.
PERS provides health and retirement benefits to more than a million active and retired members.
PERS provides retirement, disability and survivor benefits, and health care coverage.
PERS requires a written inquiry from the member.
PERS sends active member statements to the employer for distribution to members.
PERS starts the waiting time and establishes contribution date.
PERS starts waiting the waiting time and establishes contribution date.
PERS strives to offer the best premiums while maintaining the highest level of benefits.
PERS uses the date on the paycheck as the date paid.
PERs often feed into adjustment-related work.
Peracetic acid causes more rapid scission and produces more acid groups than peroxide.
Peracetic acid is a disinfectant produced by reacting hydrogen peroxide with acetic acid.
Peracetic acid is a more potent germicide than is hydrogen peroxide.
Peracetic acid is a very effective oxidant and disinfecting agent.
Peracetic acid is also reportedly sensitive to light.
Peracetic acid is chemical compounds.
Peracetic acid is irritant to the eyes, skin, and mucous membranes.
A perambulator is a container
A perambulator is a vehicle
Perambulators can navigate indoor and outdoor terrain.
Perazzi shotguns are things of beauty, and one can spend hours in simple admiration.
Perbromate ion is extremely unstable for quantum mechanical reasons.
PERC members are diverse, concerned students who are dedicated to making a difference.
Perceive inmate needs and recognize significance of specific behavior patterns.
Perceived barriers are the perceived negative consequences of adopting a behavior.
Perceived benefits are anything customers believe they receive from the overall value package.
Perceived benefits are the perceived positive consequences of adopting a behavior.
Perceived conflicts are sometimes more of an issue than real conflicts.
Perceived contradictions disappear when one takes the Bible as a whole.
Perceived enemies are everywhere.
Perceived enemies are ready now for the unounced Stalinian type of purge.
Perceived events are almost always familiar events.
Perceived exertion See rating of perceived exertion.
Perceived inequities cause resentment.
Perceived injustices create enmity.
Perceived quality is also abundant when it comes to lifting the amp and player out of their boxes.
Perceived rejection is one of the most expensive emotions any salesperson can have.
Perceived sharpness is a function of local contrast.
Perceived size depends on perceived distance and visual context as well as retinal size.
Perceived speed is what counts.
Percent change is based on difference in relative humidity.
Percent change is calculated before rounding.
Percent change is compared with the same quarter of the previous year.
Percent change is the percent change from the previous quarter at annual rate of growth.
Percent change is the percent change from the previous year.
Percent change is the percent change from the same quarter one year ago.
Percent change refers to simple percent changes.
Percent change reflects inflation of the same period a year ago.
All percent changes are year over year.
Percent difference is calculated before rounding.
Percent error is defined as the width of the confidence interval divided by the number of counts.
Percent error is used when comparing a result to an accepted value.
A percent sign is a graphic symbol
Percent signs are a good choice.
Percent yield is a measure of the efficiency of a chemical reaction.
A percent is proportion
Percent commuting by car includes travel by single-occupancy car and carpool.
Percent cover A densitometer is used to measure percent cover.
Percent Enter the percentage of salary to be charged to each center.
Percent Indicates the percentage earned of the total possible points.
Percent is another way of expressing hundredths.
Percent is one word.
Percent is parts per hundred.
Percent is plural if a plural word is the object of of .
Percent is rounded to one place after the decimal and the decimal is shown.
Percent is significantly different than state.
Percent is the most common choice since it is independent of sample size.
Percent is the rate within that age class.
Percent is written as one word.
Percent isa proportion.
Percent kernel the percent of kernel contained in the whole nut.
Percent knock-down is incremental and mortality is accumulative.
Percent means per hundred.
Percent recover y measures the highest efficiency that the RO system can achieve.
Percent Specifies the beep level.
Percent Use the symbol for percent only when it is preceded by a numeral.
Percents are decimal fractions.
Percents are often more easily understood than the corresponding frequency counts.
Percents are ratios.
Percents come up several times in chemistry.
Percents Covers the basics of converting fractions into percents.
Percents drop even lower as firms get smaller.
Percents have the special trait of always comparing to one hundred.
Percents listed in parentheses are percents of reports determined.
Percents reflect average distributions based primarily on mid-year surveys.
Percents teaches how to calculate percents.
Percents tell a nice story.
All percents refer to protein sequence identities.
Percentage change reflects inflation of the same period a year ago.
Percentage composition can vary.
Percentage increase is due, in part, to increased number of state conventions reporting.
Percentage increase is due, in part, to increased reporting.
Percentage increases are in bold.
A percentage point is mathematical notation
Percentage points translate to a letter grade based on the following grade scale.
Every percentage point is significant, especially over long periods of compounding.
Every percentage point means millions of dollars saved.
A percentage is proportion
Percentage applies to income for sold advertisement place.
Percentage depends on container size.
Percentage depends on the business or industry.
Percentage does count.
Percentage Enter the applicable employee benefit charge back percentage.
Percentage Enter the percentage.
Percentage Enter the reduced percentage.
Percentage indicates a share's average change compared with the quotations of the previous day.
Percentage indicates maximum cost of repair limit.
Percentage is a very basic and important topic.
Percentage is always dependent on the viewer's screen size.
Percentage is always singular.
Percentage is based on a comparison to permanent magnetic motors.
Percentage is based on number of cases reported by function compared to total post-trial cases.
Percentage is converted to a letter grade following the grading scale of the college.
Percentage is determined for each project before work commences.
Percentage is displayed as a gradient as well.
Percentage is far below consensus.
Percentage is for eastern subspecies.
Percentage is more interesting.
Percentage is of adults who named a given problem.
Percentage is one thing, total amount is another.
Percentage is shown in round figures.
Percentage is the percentage of the total entries made.
Percentage is the percentage of the total hours spent.
Percentage is translated to a letter grade on a straight scale.
Percentage isa proportion.
Percentage Kill it.
Percentage living ground cover values represent the percentage area per plot covered by ryegrass.
Percentage Play offense.
Percentage refers to cumulative percentage.
Percentage refers to the number of people who responded the same way to each question.
Percentage refers to the percentage of respondents to whom the particular information applies.
Percentage surviving The graph below shows three different types of survivorship curves.
Percentage Think nothing of it and keep on fragging.
Percentage used is another way of measuring the maximum amount minus the present number of files.
Percentage used is calculated based on the amount of the current budget.
Percentage vary with different product lines.
Percentage Wait for the monsters.
Percentages above refer to the amount of sunlight blocked.
Percentages actually work very well in both browsers.
Percentages apply to each site in a region.
Percentages apply to the number of hours the dependent is taking.
Percentages are a much better solution.
Percentages are a sleight of tongue.
Percentages are additive.
Percentages are also helpful in presenting briefings and reports.
Percentages are also nearly even in responses to questions on abortion and marijuana.
Percentages are an average of all the students' final percentages.
Percentages are anal, for statisticians or something.
Percentages are approximate and there is some overlap in the food groups.
Percentages are approximate because of ongoing fluctuations in enrollment.
Percentages are approximate in order to allow for improvement or decline during the semester.
Percentages are approximate.
Percentages are approximations, rounded to the nearest whole number.
Percentages are comparable in other rural Western states.
Percentages are comparatively low and the application process is quick and easy.
Percentages are computed before numbers are rounded.
Percentages are cumulative.
Percentages are fractions.
Percentages are from the 'medium variant' .
Percentages are in parentheses.
Percentages are in parenthesis.
Percentages are lower for the use of technology and approaches to diversity.
Percentages are most helpful to identify mono-isotopic elements.
Percentages are no more than a numerator over a denominator.
Percentages are nothing more than generalized facts.
Percentages are of farms in relevant EVAO category.
Percentages are of minimum daily requirements.
Percentages are of number of subjects responding to each reason.
Percentages are of the total in each age category.
Percentages are of the total in each state category.
Percentages are of total undergraduate enrollments in mathematics courses.
Percentages are of totals in each age group and each Urban residence category.
Percentages are of totals in each surgeon caseload group.
Percentages are of totals within each state and Urban residence category.
Percentages are of valid votes.
Percentages are percentages, and the results are the same from that perspective.
Percentages are proportion.
Percentages are relative to all references in the trace.
Percentages are relative to the size of the element.
Percentages are relative to what they are describing.
Percentages are subject to change based on market conditions.
Percentages are the number of students that are at state standards.
Percentages are the proportion of registered voters in each score range.
Percentages are the weight given each category in determining the total score.
Percentages are too hard to monitor both by the CPA firms and by regulators.
Percentages are typically small, as roses require only small amounts.
Percentages are variable since multiple problems can exist in a couple.
Percentages are what the bookmaker builds into their prices in order to make a profit.
Percentages based on less than five events are unreliable.
Percentages based on subsamples are subject to a higher potential margin of error.
Percentages can be difficult to calculate.
Percentages can be misleading here.
Percentages can be playful entities, and the questioner instantly prodded the director.
Percentages can vary from store to store and region to region.
Percentages Click on a chart for a larger view.
Percentages convert to letter grades following the standard conversion table .
Percentages Divide the number of sensitive organisms by the total number of organisms collected.
Percentages exclude executive education and professional development programs.
Percentages given after the main topic headings are only approximate.
Percentages given are approximate.
Percentages given are cumulative totals.
Percentages held in each category also appear.
Percentages increase monthly.
Percentages indicate calculated water content of the shale.
Percentages indicate mean percentile rank.
Percentages indicate percent of total variation in lesion prevalence explained.
Percentages indicate proportion of final grade.
Percentages indicate simulated water content of the substrate.
Percentages indicate the percent of the product tested that contained pesticide residues.
Percentages indicate the weight that is placed on each section in the grading process.
Percentages listed here are approximate.
Percentages listed with each service are the sum of satisfied and completely satisfied responses.
Percentages mean nothing.
Percentages quoted are the percentages of the total men or female sample.
Percentages refer to home purchase mortgages only.
Percentages refer to percents of school totals.
Percentages refer to proportion of Indigenous population in Australia as a whole.
Percentages refer to surpluses.
Percentages refer to the parent element's width.
Percentages refer to the suggested amount of time to be spent on each category.
Percentages refer to total number of stocks by category.
Percentages reflect amount of class time to be spent on each area of instruction during the quarter.
Percentages reflect the part of the audience watching TV at that moment.
Percentages reflect the proportion of total referrals that are in each category.
Percentages reflect the proportions of all respondents voting on each invention individually.
Percentages reflect the results of a direct mail survey of subscribers and distribution channels.
Percentages reflect weights.
Percentages relate to the computed value for line-height of the element on which it is specified.
Percentages represent average of male and female results.
Percentages represent mothers only.
Percentages represent percentage of companies using the guideline by premium volume.
Percentages represent proportions between samples and harvests.
Percentages represent the amount of the Web each engine has archived.
Percentages represent the degree of homology among amino acid sequences.
Percentages represent the number living alone out of the total in the class shown.
Percentages represent the portion of the total parasitic energy consumed.
Percentages rise with income and for households with children.
Percentages run close to percentages of enrollment.
Percentages show share of fourth-graders who met or exceeded state standards.
Percentages show simulated water content of the substrate.
Percentages show the change from the previous year.
Percentages show the five year trend in crime rate.
Percentages shown are of libraries that do computer searching.
Percentages shown are of the Protestant total.
Percentages shown in total and regional subtotal rows are unweighted means.
Percentages specify how to allocate CPU to each consumer group at each level.
Percentages then become an all-consuming part of the curriculum.
Percentages Use numerals to express percentages.
Percentages vary and new vendors are being added all the time.
Percentages vary by subject.
Percentages vary by vendor.
Percentages vary considerably by habitat and geographic location.
Percentages vary from state to state depending on local, state, and federal laws.
Percentages vary with age.
Percentages vary with different insurance carriers.
All percentages are approximate.
All percentages are consistent with recent years.
All percentages are in weight percent.
All percentages are of reasonable and customary charges.
All percentages are of the total cases filed.
All percentages are on a dry matter basis.
All percentages are on the basis of weight.
All percentages are unadjusted.
All percentages refer to the bold faced numbers in the Base Population row.
All percentages refer to the price of a develoment licence.
All percentages reported are back-transformed values.
All percentages used in our calculations are only best guesses.
Any percentages listed on our rate sheet are for discount fees or points.
Every percentage needs a numerator and a denominator.
Some percentage also goes to making fiber board.
Some percentage are.
A percentile is a score
Percentiles are a way of comparing infants of the same age.
Percentiles are great at a descriptive level.
Percentiles are marks.
Percentiles are measurements that show where a child is compared with others.
Percentiles are the relative standing of a measurement.
Percentiles compare students' performance to others who took the same test.
Percentiles express the relative position in the normative sample.
Percentiles have a way of exaggerating the difference in achievement among the various ranks.
Percentiles have to be with respect to something.
Percentiles identify the percentage of scores that fall below a particular score.
Percentiles provide an indication of how a school's performance compares to a national average.
Percentiles tell what proportion of students is at, above, or below a certain score.
Percept is a representation
Percept is representations.
Percepts are never structurally identical with the varying configurations on the receptor level.
Percepts have hue, brightness and saturation, correspondingly.
Percepts involve sensations and memories whereas concepts involve only memories.
Percepts is the only one known to have been sent for free.
Percepts make vision more efficient, but they do have to be updated now and then.
Perceptible play is an indication of a poorly made focuser.
Any perceptible play means the headset needs to be tightened.
Perception of color is enhanced in the central visual field compared to the peripheral visual field.
Perception of color is influenced by background and relative sizes of contrasting color.
Perception of motion requires only one eye and is thus monocular .
Perception of reality is different among individuals.
Perception of risk can also change over time and with market conditions.
Perceptions of risk are central to the future of food choice.
Perception of temperature is affected too.
Perception of time is influenced by color.
Perception of time is quite subjective.
Perceptions of time vary widely in different cultures.
A perception is a representation
Perception actually shapes students' behavior.
Perception affects our behaviour and activity.
Perception automatically scores, tabulates and stores the answers in a secure database.
Perception becomes a reality.
Perception becomes more accurate and less driven by preconceptions and misconceptions.
Perception becomes more accurateand less driven by preconceptions and misconceptions.
Perception becomes reality and reality become perception.
Perception becomes reality.
Perception becomes the base of the musical aesthetic itself.
Perception can also effect grain.
Perception can be an unreliable source of truth.
Perception can be as important as the actual value of the product or service being offered.
Perception can become reality.
Perception changes useless art for each viewer and ultimately it exists only in and for itself.
Perception changes with each change of position.
Perception controls genes.
Perception creates it's own reality.
Perception defines reality.
Perception depends upon consciousness.
Perception differs even among living beings.
Perception differs qualitatively from the physical properties of the stimulus.
Perception earn across all trousers because sound issues.
Perception enables environmental and social interaction via learning and memory.
Perception falls within knowledge by acquaintance.
Perception happens daily.
Perception has a lot to do with legibility.
Perception has a way of clouding reality.
Perception has an overwhelming pull on reality.
Perception has overwhelmed reality.
Perception has three levels of complexity.
Perception has to be developed, that's where depth comes in.
Perception has to do with figuring out what to look at, and where to look.
Perception here is very important.
Perception implies understanding as well as awareness.
Perception improves leading to an apparent appreciation of more subtle tastes.
Perception includes value judgments.
Perception interprets the report of sensation, and translates it into a thought, or idea.
Perception involves all the ways of becoming aware of things, people, happenings or ideas.
Perception involves all the ways of becoming aware of things, people, happenings, or ideas.
Perception involves an animal's initial awareness of current.
Perception involves an animal'sinitial awareness of current.
Perception involves an awareness of objects, hence, consciousness.
Perception involves taking in data from the environment.
Perception is a big part of the recruiting season.
Perception is a clingable phenomenon.
Perception is a combination of seeing with memory and imagination.
Perception is a critical element of diplomacy.
Perception is a difficult thing to manage.
Perception is a function of the body, and therefore represents a limit on awareness.
Perception is a funny thing.
Perception is a key motivator of why people move to a particular community.
Perception is a kind of pattern-matching process.
Perception is a long string but larger still is.
Perception is a major determinant as is dogma.
Perception is a part of it.
Perception is a powerful force.
Perception is a powerful thing.
Perception is a question of perspective.
Perception is a receiver's understanding of the information the emitter has offered.
Perception is a strange thing .
Perception is a subjective issue and is shaped by many forces.
Perception is a viewpoint.
Perception is a wrong way of looking at things.
Perception is achieved through the human brain.
Perception is all that matters.
Perception is all there is.
Perception is all.
Perception is almost half the game.
Perception is also a main concept, especially how it changes above and blow the water s surface.
Perception is also important for visual language.
Perception is also part of the problem.
Perception is always a difficult issue to deal with.
Perception is always incomplete because it is limited by our senses and our point of view.
Perception is an active, selective process, influenced by a person's attitude and prior experience.
Perception is an area of psychology where the links to neuroscience are among the strongest.
Perception is an awareness of the body position in space.
Perception is an exemplar of direct contact with something.
Perception is an important part of the deal-making process.
Perception is as much a function of the perceiver as it is of the thing perceived.
Perception is as perception does.
Perception is at time confused with fantasy or assumption.
Perception is based on invariants that specify the environment.
Perception is based on the context, or environment, in which a text is read.
Perception is borne out of substance and spin.
Perception is both innate and learned.
Perception is certainly the essence of the expository media.
Perception is cold, and goodness dies in wishes.
Perception is defined as the experiences caused by stimulation of thesenses.
Perception is difficult in the sky.
Perception is direct and intuitive.
Perception is directed outward.
Perception is enhanced through assertive promotion.
Perception is everybody's responsibility.
Perception is everything and substance is worthless.
Perception is everything as well.
Perception is everything in America.
Perception is everything in life and in the martial arts.
Perception is everything in life.
Perception is everything on the Internet.
Perception is everything.
Perception is Everything.
Perception is extremely important - especially in mortgage services.
Perception is fallible.
Perception is faxed via modem to a designated chapter member for distribution on each campus.
Perception is gained only through the eyes.
Perception is half the battle.
Perception is highly prone to illusion and erroneous assumptions.
Perception is how markets work.
Perception is how one sees with their eyes, based on their own internal make-up.
Perception is how that information is interpreted, organized, and sometimes misperceived.
Perception is important - distance decay.
Perception is important, to individuals.
Perception is important.
Perception is influenced by set.
Perception is inherently participatory.
Perception is itself an interpretive act.
Perception is key here.
Perception is made up of either illusion or reality.
Perception is management's secret weapon.
Perception is meaningful.
Perception is modeling.
Perception is more work on a self-luminous source.
Perception is mostly a filtering and defragmenting process.
Perception is nascent thought.
Perception is nine tenths of the law.
Perception is occupied territory.
Perception is of either things or facts.
Perception is often a more potent force than reality.
Perception is often more important than reality.
Perception is one thing but perception with a meaning is another.
Perception is organized.
Perception is part of the battle.
Perception is pattern recognition.
Perception is power.
Perception is present oriented.
Perception is prior to all concept of objectivity.
Perception is probably the most important part of our thinking.
Perception is reality and most advertisers believe what they read.
Perception is reality and reality is perception.
Perception is reality as they say.
Perception is reality at the interview with Consular officer.
Perception is reality here.
Perception is reality in the call center business.
Perception is reality in the mind of the beholder.
Perception is reality to markets.
Perception is reality with the public.
Perception is reality, and everyone's perceptions are different.
Perception is reality, reality is perception has long been an advertising maxim.
Perception is reality, reality is perception, one in the same.
Perception is reality, so it's just better to avoid the questions.
Perception is reality.
Perception is Reality.
Perception IS reality.
Perception is relative to the observer, but the existence of an objective world is absolute.
Perception is restricted mainly to the visual sense.
Perception is restricted to a flattened image, lacking three dimensional depth of field.
Perception is selective.
Perception is selective-it picks one interpretation of a sensation and rejects all others.
Perception is sensation plus interpretation.
Perception is similarly of six kinds.
Perception is slow.
Perception is so important in facing a diffcult situation.
Perception is so powerful it has been known to change objective facts.
Perception is special education out of control.
Perception is strong and sight is weak.
Perception is strong and sight weak.
Perception is stronger than reality.
Perception is subject to habituation.
Perception is subjective.
Perception is such a fickle and peculiar thing.
Perception is such a relation.
Perception is supported by awareness.
Perception is that interpretation of the experience.
Perception is that there is no matching of fund requirements with who actually receives the funds.
Perception is the ability to take in information via the senses , and process it in some way.
Perception is the ascertainment of specific objects.
Perception is the biggest obstacle a survivor has to overcome.
Perception is the commercial fishermen are killing the sea birds in Florida.
Perception is the conscious awareness and interpretation of sensations.
Perception is the creative process.
Perception is the elaboration, interpretation, and assignment of meaning to sensory experience.
Perception is the faculty of conscious exercise of the senses.
Perception is the first aspect of behavior.
Perception is the first step.
Perception is the incoming arc of the organism experiencing feedback loop.
Perception is the interpretation of sensory input by the brain.
Perception is the key to everything.
Perception is the key.
Perception is the main dilemna.
Perception is the most important part of thinking.
Perception is the name of the game.
Perception is the overriding determinant of human behavior.
Perception is the problem.
Perception is the process by which sensory information is interpreted and made meaningful.
Perception is the process of imposing order on the information our sense organs take in.
Perception is the realization or rememberance of some thing.
Perception is the result of mindset, learning, and decision.
Perception is the rule.
Perception is the selection and organization of environmental stimuli.
Perception is the selection, organization and interpretation of sensory input.
Perception is the third component of perceptual abilities.
Perception is trainees being used as cheap form of labour instead of our engineers.
Perception is truth.
Perception is up to the eye of the beholder.
Perception is used for formal tests as well as self-assessments, quizzes, and surveys.
Perception is very important in the competitive world.
Perception is very important.
Perception is very much a factor.
Perception is very selective.
Perception is viewed as an intervening variable.
Perception is weird.
Perception is what is given in experience.
Perception is what it is all about.
Perception is wrong again.
Perception is yet another aspect of behaviorism and learning.
Perception isa representation.
Perception just is.
Perception knows that a thing is.
Perception makes it seem like there is no housing, reality is that there is housing.
Perception makes the job of the prosecution and jury very complicated.
Perception normally deals with feelings and is based on a point of view.
Perception occurs in parallel to the decision cycle .
Perception occurs the insight into the world of realities and meanings divested of physical matter.
Perception paints our consciousness.
Perception plays a big part in all three thinkers' discussion.
Perception plays a big roll.
Perception plays a key role in the immigration program.
Perception plays a primary role in the development of cognitive processes.
Perception plays a role during all phases.
Perception plays a role in every tribunal.
Perception portrays numerous themes of social psychology within the strip.
Perception prepare Seventy among no features for a drawer.
Perception processes structure and mechanisms.
Perception provides a fascinating outlook in today's sports world.
Perception provides sensation and perception with an emphasis on the visual system.
Perception puts the difference between animals and vegetables.
Perception really is everything.
Perception refers to awareness resulting from the normal functioning of the sensory faculties.
Perception remains in the eye of the beholder.
Perception requires sensing some difference.
Perception resides only in the fleeting moment of the present, that pinprick at the tip of the mind.
Perception rewrites genes.
Perception s a tool that s pointed at both ends.
Perception says there's room for all.
Perception seems to be more important than substance.
Perception seems to proceed in two major ways.
Perception sees through the body's eyes and hears through the body's ears.
Perception sing Autumn off lots bush via whatever detail.
Perception sours on value for money.
Perception still lags behind reality.
Perception strips material things of their surface properties.
Perception takes time.
Perception then becomes considerably more susceptible to manipulation by females.
Perception then ties into thinking and reasoning.
Perception therefore serves a useful function.
Perception varies from one individual to the next.
Perceptions aboutstudent self-discipline and tolerance for others.
Perceptions also count, as specified in implicit leadership theories.
Perceptions also have a lot to do with stereotypes.
Perceptions also vary based on age and language.
Perceptions are a funny thing.
Perceptions are a learned trait.
Perceptions are a simple, easy way to create cleavage or increase natural bust size.
Perceptions are a two-way street.
Perceptions are clearer and reactions more balanced when the emotions are calm.
Perceptions are cognition.
Perceptions are combinations of sensational and ideational elements.
Perceptions are conceptualization.
Perceptions are dynamisms that are always waiting to occur.
Perceptions are either accurate or unique.
Perceptions are especially important to understanding how leaders react to the world.
Perceptions are everything in the workplace.
Perceptions are excessively unique and idiosyncratic.
Perceptions are extraordinary multipliers, both upwards and downwards.
Perceptions are fluid.
Perceptions are important because they define the problem and the solution.
Perceptions are important since people act based on what they believe.
Perceptions are important to the individual's, the total species' mental state.
Perceptions are important.
Perceptions are instantaneous.
Perceptions are interpretations of sensation.
Perceptions are light rail killers in the Northland.
Perceptions are like weather systems.
Perceptions are mixed.
Perceptions are more holistic.
Perceptions are more important than reality.
Perceptions are one thing, reality is quite another.
Perceptions are real.
Perceptions are realities.
Perceptions are reality.
Perceptions are sensory inputs.
Perceptions are similar, but respondents are a bit more pessimistic about others.
Perceptions are so important.
Perceptions are subject to change.
Perceptions are subjective and group-specific.
Perceptions are very important.
Perceptions are very subjective.
Perceptions are what people believe and translate their beliefs into behaviors, attitudes and bias.
Perceptions become immune to logic and experience.
Perceptions become reality and the truth is something that is accidentally overheard.
Perceptions can be very deceptive.
Perceptions can be wrong.
Perceptions can define political reality.
Perceptions can determine climate.
Perceptions can often be more important than reality.
Perceptions carry a lot of weight.
Perceptions change on a dime.
Perceptions change over time.
Perceptions depend on states.
Perceptions depend on the context of stimuli.
Perceptions determine actions.
Perceptions differ, of course.
Perceptions dominate judgment.
Perceptions drive markets in the short run, but reality wins out in the long run.
Perceptions exist at an energy level.
Perceptions follow the same pattern , and many of our perceptions are incomplete and distorted.
Perceptions generate action.
Perceptions get altered, inner awareness grows.
Perceptions have (part) patterns.
Perceptions have a nasty way of shaping reality.
Perceptions have a substantial impact on levels of enthusiasm and support.
Perceptions illustrate experience.
Perceptions is a collection of non-fiction essays.
Perceptions is everything.
Perceptions is intended to be a forum in which ideas are heard and tested.
Perceptions matter most in politics.
Perceptions obviously affect our lives in both deep and subtle ways.
Perceptions online are far less forgiving than they are offline.
Perceptions probably play a more crucial role in our understanding of the world than intellect.
Perceptions quickly become beliefs.
Perceptions regarding the health care system can have an in- fluence on perceived health status.
Perceptions shift, and now comes the gift.
Perceptions tend toward simplicity and continuity.
Perceptions There are always certain perceptions that are wrong.
Perceptions trigger reaction.
Perceptions trigger violent reaction.
Perception always attempts simplicity, regularity, symmetry.
Perceptions often are wrong.
Perceptions often differ substantially from actual risks.
Perceptions often have consequences.
Perceptions often supplement information.
All perception is an extroverted operation of consciousness.
All perception is subjective, and is based on past experience.
All perceptions change.
Any perception otherwise is quick and facile.
Every perception is samadhi under a condition.
Most perceptions depend on states.
Most perceptions illustrate experience.
Most perceptions trigger violent reaction.
Some perceptions are quite irrational.
Some perceptions have factors.
Some perceptions promote survival.
Perceptive electors are likely to raise such queries.
Perceptive gardeners consider the plant's age when it is attacked.
Perceptive historians have a sure indication of their insensitivity.
Perceptive observers can see what our enemies fear by watching the media.
Perceptive palettes are even better.
Perceptive people are curious, adaptable, and spontaneous.
Perceptive people plan promotions.
Perceptive people react with disgust to such a maneuver.
Perceptive people say they sprang up because of a failure of the church.
Any perceptive person is aware of the extraordinarily contradictory condition of U.S. society today.
Perceptive students have a small advantage.
Perceptive types put much value on the open ended.
Perceptual abilities comprise three parts.
Perceptual adaptation is a phenomenon that occurs for all of the senses, including smell and touch.
Perceptual arousal comes from using surprise or uncertainty to gain interest.
Perceptual attention is also severely limited.
Perceptual awareness leads to conceptual development and language application.
Perceptual biases can distort problem identification.
Perceptual categories are based on the physical attributes of an object.
Perceptual changes turn the world of the ill person topsy-survey.
Perceptual conditions influence spatial frames of reference in vision and touch.
Perceptual constancy is a much wider phenomenon.
Perceptual constancy is a perception
Perceptual constancy is supposed to depend on stimulus-invariants.
Perceptual development depends on learning as well as on physical development.
Perceptual development follows.
All perceptual distinctions have controls, most of which are sliding scales.
Perceptual distortions occur in all modalities.
Perceptual error is more problematic.
Perceptual experience is a representation
Perceptual experience is rich with detail.
Perceptual fidelity is important to permit valid transfer of data to real-world situations.
Many perceptual illusions provide compelling evidence for the complexity of perceptual organization.
Perceptual information is gained by looking at and feeling the symbols.
Perceptual information is gained by simultaneously looking at and feeling the symbols.
Perceptual integrity makes categorization of vowels much easier.
Perceptual knowledge is knowledge grounded in perceptual experience.
Perceptual knowledge is, therefore, of particulars and inferential knowledge is general.
Perceptual load affects the magnitude and distribution of visual attention.
Perceptual maps help illustrate several concepts simultaneously in one picture.
Perceptual modality looks at how our bodies take in information using our senses.
Perceptual noise relates to the values, attitudes and backgrounds of the sender and the receiver.
Perceptual organisation is an important factor in colour vision.
Perceptual organisation is studied through lectures on grouping and texture segmentation.
Perceptual organization affects both the learning and integration of object properties.
Perceptual organization is what the mind does with information once it is received.
Perceptual processes display many examples that have such processes as a part of their explanation.
Perceptual sensitivity is required for both painting and drawing.
Perceptual set is a readiness to detect a particular stimulus in a given context.
Many perceptual stimuli are cross-modal, processed by more than one sensory modality.
Perceptual systems are clearly very different from the simple visuomotor modules of amphibia.
Perch birds come into contact.
Perch birds eat insects.
Perch birds have lock mechanisms.
Perch birds have mechanisms.
Perch birds have tendons.
Perch birds have thin tendons.
Most perch birds come into contact.
Most perch birds eat insects.
Most perch birds have mechanisms.
Most perch birds have tendons.
Most perch birds have thin tendons.
Perch ducks prefer habitats.
Most perch ducks prefer habitats.
Some perch ducks have fruit.
Some perch ducks have patches.
Some perch ducks have wing patches.
Perch fish have behavior.
Perch fish have spawn behavior.
Most perch fish have behavior.
Most perch fishermen switch to short ice fishing rods in winter.
Perch Lake has excellent fishing and a very high water quality.
Perch Lake is the central feature of the park.
Perch larvae have large mouths.
Perch larvae have mouths.
Perch larvae have small mouths.
A perch is support
Perch continue to hit on the shallow rocks as well.
Perch do however have a high tolerance for low oxygen conditions.
Perch feed most heavily during daylight hours.
Perch is approx.
Perch isa fish.
Perch isa seat.
Perch lack the acceleration of that classic ambush predator, the pike.
Perch move about in schools, often numbering in the hundreds.
Perch prefer cool deeper water and feed on minnows, insect larvae, plankton and worms.
Perch prefer flies with yellow in 'em, nymphs, little streamers and scud patterns.
Perch provide good fishing most of the year.
Perch reproduce through the sexual process of spawning.
Perch starts to reproduce in rather early age and has large reproduction area in the coastal sea.
Perches are a necessary addition to any parakeet cage.
Perches are also an important part of the cage.
Perches are another subject which vary from aviary to aviary.
Perches are carnivores and inhabit quiet ponds, lakes, streams, and rivers.
Perches are high up under the aviary's wired top.
Perches are important for exercise.
Perches are necessary on both ends of the cage to allow adequate flight.
Perches are provided, as well as barrels and boxes in which the chickens can retreat.
Perches become mature adults at the age of two or three years.
Perches clip on and off.
Perches give predatory birds easier access to the eggs and young in the box.
Perches have (part) brains.
Perches have (part) breasts.
Perches have (part) cell membranes.
Perches have (part) chest cavities.
Perches have (part) chests.
Perches have (part) corpi.
Perches have (part) cytoplasm.
Perches have (part) ears.
Perches have (part) faces.
Perches have (part) fish scales.
Perches have (part) fishbones.
Perches have (part) flippers.
Perches have (part) heads.
Perches have (part) nuclei.
Perches have (part) pedal extremities.
Perches have (part) plasma membranes.
Perches have (part) rib cages.
Perches have (part) sections.
Perches have (part) skulls.
Perches have (part) sperm.
Perches have (part) sterna.
Perches have (part) tail fins.
Perches have (part) vacuoles.
Perches have (part) vertebrate feet.
Perches have (part) yolks.
Perches have dorsal fins.
Perches have fins.
Perches have jaws.
Perches have separate dorsal fins.
Perches have single dorsal fins.
Perches have single fins.
Perches inhabit water.
Perches live for years.
Perches live in low water.
Perches live in water.
Perches now come in many different shapes, sizes, types, and textures.
Perches only give easy access to other birds such as starlings.
Perches Try to provide a variety of perch sizes and materials.
Perches Use varying widths.
Perches When putting the perches in the breeding cage, ensure that they are fastened properly.
Perchs are fish.
Perchs are freshwater fish.
Perchs are part of furlongs.
Perchs are part of roosts.
Perchs are part of yellow perchs.
Perchs are seats.
Perchs are support.
All perches come complete with hardware.
All perches have short deep bodies that are very thin, with large eyes.
Most perches are brightly colored, and usually have barred or striped coloration patterns.
Most perches have fins.
Most perches have jaws.
Most perches have separate dorsal fins.
Most perches have single dorsal fins.
Most perches have single fins.
Most perches inhabit water.
Most perches live for years.
Most perches live in low water.
Most perches live in water.
Some perch are migratory, but only in a short and local form.
Some perches eat freshwater shrimp.
Some perches eat shrimp.
Some perches feed on fish.
Some perches have body shapes.
Some perches have distinction.
Some perches have limbs.
Some perches have options.
Some perches have oval body shapes.
Some perches have oval shapes.
Some perches have shapes.
Some perches inhabit rivers.
Perched water is released on bluff faces as seeps or springs.
Perchings are landings.
Perchlorate continues to be manufactured and used nationwide.
Perchlorate interferes with the thyroid gland's uptake of iodine to produce thyroid hormones.
Perchlorate is chemical compounds.
Perchlorate is salt
Perchlorate is salt.
Perchlorate targets the thyroid and is highly toxic.
Perchlorates are also a laboratory waste by-product of perchloric acid.
Perchlorates are irritants to the body wherever they contact it.
Perchlorates are strong oxidants, one of the primary oxidants used in solid rocket fuel.
All perchlorates are potentially hazardous when in contact with reducing agents.
Perchloric acid can also form explosive mixtures with organic compounds.
Perchloric acid can be dangerously reactive.
Perchloric acid can leave explosive residues in a fume hood, duct system, or on a hood fan.
Perchloric acid is a commonly used laboratory reagent.
Perchloric acid is a hazardous chemical which is covered by the rules of the preceding section.
Perchloric acid is a powerful oxidizing agent.
Perchloric acid is acid
Perchloric acid is acid.
Perchloric acid is an extremely dangerous, powerful oxidizer.
Perchloric acid is chemical compounds.
Perchloric acid is handled only in a hood rated for perchloric acid use.
Perchloric acid is very corrosive to all living tissue.
Percieved performance is which machine feels faster.
Percolation tests are a series of tests to measure how quickly the ground absorbs water.
Percolation tests are satisfactory for septic-tank construction.
Percolation theory deals with spatial patterns in randomly assembled systems.
Percolation theory is based on the density and spatial arrangement of elements on a map.
Percolation theory is the simplest, most generic model of a disordered material.
Percolation also is aided by activity from burrowing animals, insects, and earthworms.
Percolation approach to the barrier-controlled conductivity of ceramic composites.
Percolation describes the movement of water through the soil.
Percolation is cooking.
Percolation is critical to successful operation of the project.
Percolation is effective at revealing bugs that result from inheritance and dynamic binding.
Percolation is filtration
Percolation is filtration.
Percolation is movement of water past the soil going deep into the groundwater.
Percolation is similar to water going through ground coffee and a filter.
Percolation is the downward flow or seepage of water through the pores of rocks and soil.
Percolation is the downward movement of water through the soil profile.
Percolation is the volumetric flux per unit area of soil.
Percolation isa filtration.
Percolation occurs beneath the root zone.
Percolation occurs when the sheet finally falls apart due to the solid backbone losing connectivity.
Percolation occurs when the solid shapes become continuous.
Percolation refers to the speed with which water soaks into the soil.
A percolator is a pot
Percolator is really a big subversive prank.
Percolators are an attempt to integrate the functions of water heating and brewing.
Percolators are coffee pots.
Percolators face an iffy future.
Percolators simply heat water to high temperatures and run the water over and over the grounds.
Percussion drilling is a relatively low cost method of obtaining logging data.
Percussion drilling is another name for cable-tool drilling.
Percussion drilling requires higher peak power pulses, however.
Percussion Ensembles can still apply for the National Percussion Festival.
Percussion ignition seems to be favored by most chunk shooters.
A percussion instrument is a musical instrument
Percussion instruments are acoustic instruments.
Percussion instruments are instruments.
Percussion instruments are located in bands.
Percussion instruments are located in cabinets.
Percussion instruments are located in music stores.
Percussion instruments are located in orchestras.
Percussion instruments are music instruments.
Percussion instruments are musical instruments.
Percussion instruments are the most popular instrument in African societies.
Percussion instruments are used for beating.
Percussion instruments are used for hitting.
Percussion instruments are used for jazz.
Percussion instruments are used for striking.
Percussion instruments are welcome.
Percussion instruments can also pose a problem.
Percussion instruments fade in later with rhythmic phrases called raga's or rag.
Percussion instruments form a highly varied family.
Percussion instruments make noise by contact and can be compared to the drums.
Percussion instruments make the world go round.
Percussion instruments range from hammered dulcimer to the washboard.
Percussion instruments record a sound score to accompany the dance compositions.
Percussion instruments underscore the barking commands and the killing.
All percussion instruments are stuck in some way to produce sounds.
Many percussion instruments produce their own resonant frequencies.
Most percussion instruments fall into the categories of idiophones and aerophones.
Some percussion instruments are clarinets.
Some percussion instruments can play tunes .
Some percussion instruments can play tunes.
Some percussion instruments consist of poles.
A percussion section is a section
Percussion section begins with timpani playing first three notes of melody.
Percussion staff notates rhythms with multiple note heads and assignable staff position.
A percussion is a detonation
Percussion adds an extra touch for a truly wonderful sound.
Percussion can be a problem when recording to a digital medium due to high-end peaks.
Percussion can help give information about the extent of injury to the apical tissues.
Percussion emphasizes non-mallet performance.
Percussion Examine the patient's right leg to locate the greater saphenous vein.
Percussion flaking is done by striking the stone to be chipped with another stone or bone.
Percussion flaking is used to shape the point from a leaf-shaped preform.
Percussion follows, soon full orchestra.
Percussion has some nice effects.
Percussion instruments A good page if looking for information about percussion instruments.
Percussion is a bit weak.
Percussion is also a problem.
Percussion is also a unique way for the group to link the cultures of the world.
Percussion is as likely to be a cardboard box as a tambourine or drum set.
Percussion is divided into bells and drums.
Percussion is kept to a minimum, with splashes of drum programming adding to the ethereal quality.
Percussion is like a skeleton, look how beautiful the structure of fish's bones are.
Percussion is limited to a minimal tambourine.
Percussion is neat.
Percussion is non-existent, which contributes to a sense of floating along on a breeze.
Percussion is outside.
Percussion is ritual and tradition.
Percussion is sampled, cut and pasted.
Percussion is splendid, bass drum especially well caught.
Percussion is the element of music that most connects with our senses.
Percussion is used to determine if the underlying tissues are air or fluid filled or solid.
Percussion isa activity.
Percussion Play all major and minor scales on marimba or xylophone.
Percussion plays a central part.
Percussion reveals resonant lungs.
Percussions are auscultation.
Percussions are detonations.
Percussions are instruments.
Percussions are music.
Percussions are percussion instruments.
A percussionist is a musician
Percussionists are musicians like everyone else in the band.
Percussionists are musicians.
Percussionists face similar problems and advantages.
Percussionists invariably are more musical performers if they start on a wind instrument.
Percussionists know that gongs are slow starters.
Percussionists prefer parts in score form.
Percussionists spend endless hours trying to get a consistent sound while alternating hands.
Percussive masters perform creative and powerful improvisations with complex rhythmic patterns.
Percussive poetry is performance in which spoken words are delivered with well-defined rhythms.
Percussive sections alternate with Romantic singing.
Percussive sounds produced by drums and various rattles symbolize the uniting of male and female .
Percutaneous access is required and ultrasonic aspiration can be performed.
Percutaneous biopsies are basically of two types.
Percutaneous drainage is useful to alleviate obstruction prior to marsupialization.
Percutaneous entry minimizes the morbidity associated with an extensive surgical approach.
Percutaneous injuries are a significant occupational hazard in dentistry.
Percutaneous intervention is medical treatments.
Percutaneous interventions alter the hemostatic profile in unstable angina versus stable angina.
Percutaneous surgery is the surest way to remove all of the stone.
Percutaneous technique is applied.
Percutaneous therapy is useful because of the permeability of amphibian skin.
Percutaneous tracheostomy is also an ancient practice.
Perdition is both a place and a spiritual condition.
Perdition is described as conveying the idea of loss or destruction.
Perdition is imagination
Perdition is personified.
Perdition means eternal ruin.
Perdition means loss of the soul, eternal damnation.
Perdition supports arbitrary library based map access to determine the server for a user.
Peregrine falcon chicks eat food.
A peregrine falcon is a falcon
Peregrine falcon is larger, has wider wings, shorter tail, single heavy moustache.
Peregrine falcons are aggressive in defense of their nests.
Peregrine falcons are birds of prey.
Peregrine falcons are birds.
Peregrine falcons are cliff-dwelling raptors that once ranged through most of North America.
Peregrine falcons are common on the Texas coast during migration.
Peregrine falcons are falcons.
Peregrine falcons are medium-sized hawks with long pointed wings.
Peregrine falcons are occasional visitors in shrublands and grasslands.
Peregrine falcons are such beautiful and fascinating birds.
Peregrine falcons capture prey.
Peregrine falcons catch birds.
Peregrine falcons feed on birds.
Peregrine falcons form monogamous pair bonds that often last throughout many breeding seasons.
Peregrine falcons have anatomies.
Peregrine falcons have external anatomies.
Peregrine falcons have keen vision.
Peregrine falcons have taper wings.
Peregrine falcons have vision.
Peregrine falcons have wings.
Peregrine falcons live here.
Peregrine falcons live mostly along mountain ranges, river valleys, and coastlines.
Peregrine falcons nest on cliffs.
Peregrine falcons occupy areas.
Peregrine falcons occupy regions.
Peregrine falcons occur in habitats.
Peregrine falcons perch in tall trees.
Peregrine falcons perch in trees.
Peregrine falcons prefer habitats.
Peregrine falcons prefer open habitats, such as grasslands, tundra, and meadows.
Peregrine falcons prey on other birds and almost always catch their prey in flight.
Peregrine falcons prey on pigeons, ducks, blackbirds, and other birds.
Peregrine falcons prey primarily on birds such as pigeons, sandpipers, blackbirds, and waterfowl.
Peregrine falcons prey upon a variety of other birds such as grouse, mallards and other birds.
Peregrine falcons take refuge at the ancient rock .
Peregrine falcons thrive there, as do endangered pronghorn antelope and black sea turtles.
Most peregrine falcons capture prey.
Most peregrine falcons feed on birds.
Most peregrine falcons have anatomies.
Most peregrine falcons have external anatomies.
Most peregrine falcons have keen vision.
Most peregrine falcons have taper wings.
Most peregrine falcons have vision.
Most peregrine falcons have wings.
Most peregrine falcons occupy areas.
Most peregrine falcons occupy regions.
Most peregrine falcons occur in habitats.
Most peregrine falcons perch in tall trees.
Most peregrine falcons perch in trees.
Most peregrine falcons prefer habitats.
Some peregrine falcons eat birds.
Some peregrine falcons eat insects.
Some peregrine falcons eat many birds.
Some peregrine falcons eat reptiles.
Some peregrine falcons eat small reptiles.
Some peregrine falcons form pair bonds.
Some peregrine falcons kill birds.
Some peregrine falcons mate for life.
Some peregrine falcons prey on birds.
Some peregrine falcons prey on small birds.
Some peregrine falcons reach maturity.
Some peregrine falcons reach sexual maturity.
Peregrine parents urge the young birds to fly bribing the young with something to eat.
A peregrine is a falcon
Peregrine publishes subscription-based educational web sites.
Peregrines are about the size and weight of crows.
Peregrines are about the size of a crow and have black marks that look like a mustache.
Peregrines are also swift fliers that can simply fly up behind their prey and grab it in mid-flight.
Peregrines are at the top of the food chain.
Peregrines are captive-bred.
Peregrines are compact, fast birds with pointed wings.
Peregrines are dark on the back, and usually have a light breast and a heavily barred belly.
Peregrines are falcons.
Peregrines are fast fliers.
Peregrines are fast, aggressive creatures and are on top of their food chain.
Peregrines are favored by falconers, and have been used in that sport for many centuries.
Peregrines are found all over the world except in Antarctica and the Pacific Islands.
Peregrines are individuals with different personalities.
Peregrines are much larger and have a bold black mustache mark.
Peregrines are numerous and merlins have been seen recently.
Peregrines are one of the fastest animals on earth.
Peregrines are one of the success stories of the environmental movement.
Peregrines are predators of small to mid-sized birds.
Peregrines are predators.
Peregrines are slate gray or dark brown above and whitish below.
Peregrines are stunningly beautiful birds graceful in flight and intrinsically interesting.
Peregrines are territorial during the breeding season.
Peregrines are the fastest animal on earth.
Peregrines are the monogamous birds of prey and they return to the same nesting spot each year.
Peregrines are the traditional birds of falconry.
Peregrines are unusual inland.
Peregrines are very aerial.
Peregrines are very aggressive to intruders, and fears no other birds but the gyrfalcon.
Peregrines are wanderers until they reach maturity at two years of age.
Peregrines begin reproducing when they are three years old.
Peregrines can adapt well to urban environments.
Peregrines can easily overtake most birds in level flight.
Peregrines can eat as much as one-quarter of their weight at one sitting.
Peregrines can, in one sitting, eat a meal weighing as much as one quarter of their own weight.
Peregrines do all their hunting in the air.
Peregrines eat a variety of birds, ranging in size from small songbirds to ducks.
Peregrines eat birds and other things that fly.
Peregrines eat other birds and things that fly.
Peregrines face many hazards.
Peregrines favor the beach and dunes.
Peregrines feed almost entirely on birds, including sparrows, starlings, and pigeons.
Peregrines feed on mid-sized birds, such as starlings and songbirds.
Peregrines fly above their prey.
Peregrines generally do keep the same mate from year to year.
Peregrines generally hunt by diving on their prey from great heights.
Peregrines generally mate for life, returning each year to the same area and even the same nest.
Peregrines have a breeding range coming from Arctic tundra to the tropics.
Peregrines have a period of high courtship activity that occurs before the actual mating begins.
Peregrines have black heads, with white throats and breasts.
Peregrines have few natural predators.
Peregrines have only one stripe which is fairly wide, on each side.
Peregrines have very long tails and wingtips.
Peregrines hunt very much by sight.
Peregrines like to live in wetlands, alpine meadows, or tundra habitat.
Peregrines like to nest atop tall buildings.
Peregrines like to nest on ledges and cliffs in the natural world.
Peregrines look, in a nutshell, fast.
Peregrines measure sixteen to twenty inches long, with a wingspan up to forty-six inches.
Peregrines nest at the top of cliffs close to waterways where they hunt smaller birds.
Peregrines nest high on cliffs, usually near water.
Peregrines nest successfully in large cities on top of tall buildings.
Peregrines normally nest in remote areas high atop steep cliffs.
Peregrines now breed in many mountainous and coastal areas, especially in the west and north.
Peregrines pluck their prey before eating it.
Peregrines prefer to nest on high ledges near open areas.
Peregrines prefer tundra, while gyrfalcons prefer the northern edges of boreal forests.
Peregrines pursue their prey from a perch or while soaring.
Peregrines regularly prey on waders.
Peregrines remain an endangered species in the commonwealth.
Peregrines show a strong solid helmet which comes down to form a pointed cheek patch.
Peregrines take the smaller auklets and the storm petrels.
Peregrines take their prey in flight, so they dine almost exclusively on other birds.
Peregrines tend to become rather more territorial during the breeding season.
Peregrines typically nest on ledges of rock cliffs.
Peregrines usually are quick to accept the nest box when it is offered.
Peregrines usually nest on high, remote, cliff ledges.
All peregrines share the characteristics of basic falcons, a short slim tail and tapered wings.
Most peregrines become sexually mature at two or three years of age.
Most peregrines fledge fine the second time around.
Most peregrines live on Asia.
Peremptory challenges are limited to a certain number determined by the kind of lawsuit being tried.
Peremptory challenges are limited to three per side in most cases.
Perendale fleece falls into the finer crossbreed range.
Perennial agriculture means a whole new larder of tastes and textures to get used to.
Perennial alfalfa stands also limit erosion by providing continuous soil coverage.
Perennial beds are easier to maintain when easily accessible.
Perennial beds feature a white garden and peonies.
Perennial beds require no maintenance.
Perennial begonias are also a possibility in warmer areas where they are hardy.
Perennial begonias come in several classes and are permanent.
Perennial bromegrasses are more effective competitors on highly productive sites.
Perennial bulls argue with that proposition.
Some perennial candidates wear boots.
Perennial cankers are bracket to hoof shaped.
Perennial clovers are less temperature-sensitive than the grasses are when germinating.
Perennial crops maintain their root systems throughout the year.
Perennial favorites are well represented along with what's new.
Perennial ferns have leaves.
Most perennial ferns have leaves.
Perennial flow can only occur where the headwaters lie beyond the arid zone.
Perennial flowers add color.
Perennial flowers bloom in months.
Perennial flowers bloom in summer months.
Perennial flowers come back year after year with beautiful foliage and flowers.
Perennial flowers give continuous color and texture to gardens and yards.
Perennial flowers offer a lifetime of discovery and pleasure.
Perennial flowers offer nectar for butterflies and hummingbirds.
Most perennial flowers add color.
Most perennial flowers bloom in months.
Most perennial flowers bloom in summer months.
Perennial forages are effective for maintaining or increasing soil organic matter.
Perennial forages are especially effective in reducing Canada thistle density.
Perennial forms are usually quick growing in a sunny, well drained position.
Perennial foxgloves produce seeds.
Most perennial foxgloves produce seeds.
Perennial garden plants belong to families.
Perennial garden plants belong to lily families.
Perennial gardens are a lasting investment in relaxation.
Perennial gardens change with the seasons.
Perennial gardens fill the air with a sweet aroma.
Perennial gardens surround the home.
Perennial gardens take time to mature.
Perennial grass takes three to five years before it is mature enough to produce adequate seed.
Perennial grasses appear to have potential in agriculture on valley flats with shallow watertables.
Perennial grasses are easiest to grow because their root systems become very drought tolerant.
Perennial grasses are the dominant plants and they support huge herds of grazing mammals.
Perennial grasses can be difficult to eradicate if they become established within the clumps.
Perennial grasses can exhibit a period of dormancy after reproduction finishes.
Perennial grasses differ in their tolerance to freezing and weather damage.
Perennial grasses have many benefits as a bioenergy crop.
Perennial grasses provide both early and late-season grazing opportunities.
Perennial grasses survive season after season, producing and growing.
Perennial grasses tend to be prominent in areas infested with Russian olive.
All perennial grasses require some seed coverage by mineral soil before the seed can germinate.
Many perennial grasses maintain some leaves near the soil surface that are difficult to graze.
Some perennial grass produces buds.
Perennial herbs grow to height.
Perennial herbs have leaves.
Perennial herbs have odor.
Perennial herbs have oval leaves.
Perennial herbs originate from sources.
Perennial herbs possess creep roots.
Perennial herbs possess roots.
Perennial herbs reach height.
Perennial herbs reach tree height.
Perennial herbs require periodic division to remain healthy and productive.
Many perennial herbs make great plants for borders.
Most perennial herbs grow to height.
Most perennial herbs have leaves.
Most perennial herbs have odor.
Most perennial herbs have oval leaves.
Most perennial herbs originate from sources.
Most perennial herbs possess creep roots.
Most perennial herbs possess roots.
Most perennial herbs reach height.
Most perennial herbs reach tree height.
Some perennial herbs arise from rhizomes.
Some perennial herbs arise from short rhizomes.
Some perennial herbs bear fruit.
Some perennial herbs can be especially slow growers when started from seed.
Some perennial herbs contain acid.
Some perennial herbs grow in rich woodlands.
Some perennial herbs grow in woodlands.
Some perennial herbs have flowers.
Some perennial herbs have pale flowers.
Some perennial herbs have purple flowers.
Perennial herbaceous plants grow to height.
Perennial irises grow from a root which is known as a rhizome.
Perennial irrigation is year round and allows multiple crops.
Perennial legumes can improve seasonal forage production.
Perennial maize is of great importance in crop improvement and production.
Perennial pastels are in sharp contrast to the vivid colors that conjure images of exotic locales.
Perennial pasture offers some protection against the variation in production of annual plants.
Perennial pastures grow and contribute to soil organic matter from early spring to late fall.
Perennial pastures lock farmers into grazing.
Perennial pastures provide a solid sod and good footing, even in wet conditions.
Perennial peanut can tolerate ocean salt spray, salt drift, and short term saltwater flooding.
Perennial peanut can tolerate salt spray, salt drift, and short term saltwater flooding.
Perennial peanut grows best in full sun.
Perennial peanut is also a promising forage crop.
Perennial peanut is best suited to south Florida conditions where winter frosts are infrequent.
Perennial peanut is used as a forage legume in pasture and has been planted as cover crop in citrus.
Perennial peanuts are slow to establish.
Perennial plants are an important factor in stabilising the environment.
Perennial plants are most common in rock Gardens, although some annuals can be used.
Perennial plants are plants.
Perennial plants belong to families.
Perennial plants belong to lily families.
Perennial plants can persist over long periods of time, usually over-wintering in a dormant state.
Perennial plants consist of leaves.
Perennial plants consist of short stems.
Perennial plants consist of stems.
Perennial plants emerge from the taproot in mid-spring and can be controlled by tillage.
Perennial plants grow in climates.
Perennial plants grow in subtropical climates.
Perennial plants grow to height.
Perennial plants have additional climatic needs.
Perennial plants have female flowers.
Perennial plants have flowers.
Perennial plants have shiny yellow flowers.
Perennial plants have stems.
Perennial plants have yellow flowers.
Perennial plants live for a series of years.
Perennial plants live for many years.
Perennial plants live for more than two years.
Perennial plants live several years.
Perennial plants need conditions.
Perennial plants need specific conditions.
Perennial plants occur in areas.
Perennial plants offer diversity.
Perennial plants play an important function in landscape design.
Perennial plants produce basal leaves.
Perennial plants produce leaves.
Perennial plants produce rhizomes.
Perennial plants produce underground rhizomes.
Perennial plants provide greater stability in the arid zone, especially during periods of drought.
Perennial plants remain in the ground year after year.
Perennial plants store food in the roots after seasonal growth.
Perennial plants take some time to get established.
Perennial plants tend to be less contaminated than annual plants.
Perennial plants thrive in conditions.
Many perennial plants exhibit such dormancy.
Most perennial plants add new growth each year as trees do.
Most perennial plants belong to families.
Most perennial plants belong to lily families.
Most perennial plants consist of leaves.
Most perennial plants consist of short stems.
Most perennial plants consist of stems.
Most perennial plants die back to the ground each winter, but the roots remain alive underground.
Most perennial plants grow in climates.
Most perennial plants grow in subtropical climates.
Most perennial plants grow to height.
Most perennial plants have a distinct bloom period, lasting anywhere from a week to a month or more.
Most perennial plants have female flowers.
Most perennial plants have flowers.
Most perennial plants have shiny yellow flowers.
Most perennial plants have yellow flowers.
Most perennial plants occur in areas.
Most perennial plants offer diversity.
Most perennial plants produce basal leaves.
Most perennial plants produce leaves.
Most perennial plants produce rhizomes.
Most perennial plants produce underground rhizomes.
Most perennial plants reproduce both sexually through seed and asexually through vegetative cloning.
Most perennial plants thrive in conditions.
Some perennial plants develop from rhizomes.
Some perennial plants develop from underground rhizomes.
Some perennial plants grow in basal rosettes.
Some perennial plants grow in rosettes.
Some perennial plants have distribution.
Some perennial plants live for many years.
Some perennial plants live for years.
Some perennial plants spread flowers.
Some perennial plants survive dry seasons.
Some perennial plants survive seasons.
Perennial planting can be more successful than bluegrass in boulevards.
Perennial poppies grow in zones.
Perennial poppies reproduce by root division in addition to by seed.
Most perennial poppies grow in zones.
Perennial rhinitis is due to house dust.
Perennial rye is more expensive but is worth it for the appearence and maintenance.
Perennial rye is the better choice.
Perennial ryes can tolerate more sun than fescues.
A perennial ryegrass is a ryegrass
Perennial ryegrass begins growth early in spring.
Perennial ryegrass has rapid seed germination and seedling establishment qualities.
Perennial ryegrass is a bunch grass.
Perennial ryegrass is a bunch type grass with a medium to fine texture.
Perennial ryegrass is a bunch-type grass with a medium texture and medium to high shoot density.
Perennial ryegrass is a bunch-type grass with quality very similar to Kentucky bluegrass.
Perennial ryegrass is a cool-season bunchgrass found throughout the United States.
Perennial ryegrass is a short-lived perennial.
Perennial ryegrass is a turfgrass with a spike-type seed head.
Perennial ryegrass is also a common component of turfgrass mixtures.
Perennial ryegrass is an excellent seedling competitor and can dominate in a mixture.
Perennial ryegrass is established by seed only.
Perennial ryegrass is fast germinating, grows prolifically, and can be grazed heavily.
Perennial ryegrass is hardy and grows fast, providing shade for the two slower grasses.
Perennial ryegrass is more tolerant of cold, disease, and drought.
Perennial ryegrass is much less likely to survive the winter.
Perennial ryegrass is much more vigorous in the seedling stage than Kentucky bluegrass.
Perennial ryegrass is quite susceptible to winter damage.
Perennial ryegrass is susceptible to a moderate number of fungal diseases.
Perennial ryegrass is the best competition for crabgrass.
Perennial ryegrass is the grass species most associated with facial eczema.
Perennial ryegrass is tolerant to traffic.
Perennial ryegrass is very susceptible to chlorsulfuron damage.
Perennial ryegrass offers quick establishment and good wear tolerance.
Perennial ryegrass produces well under moderate temperatures and requires an abundance of moisture.
Perennial ryegrass requires a medium to high degree of culture in Nebraska.
Perennial ryegrass requires medium levels of water to keep producing.
Perennial ryegrass stays reasonably short and can be mowed often.
Perennial ryegrasses are rye grass.
Perennial ryegrasses provide early cover for improved trafficability and erosion control.
All perennial ryegrasses require well-drained soils of medium to high fertility.
Perennial salvias are a staple in cottage gardens for their tall, spiky texture.
Perennial salvias perform best in moist, well-drained soils and full sun.
Most perennial seedlings are available now for fall planting.
Some perennial shrubs produce flowers.
Some perennial shrubs produce purple flowers.
Perennial sods reduce the risk of off-site pollution through efficient nutrient cycling.
Perennial species are good for the beginner.
Most perennial state contending teams, such as Valparaiso, have great middle school programs.
Perennial streams are generally fairly steep and deeply incised, exhibiting much structural control.
Perennial streams are Rivers under the law.
Perennial streams flow all year.
Perennial streams flow in a few drainages.
Perennial streams have algae-covered rocky bottoms.
Perennial streams shown on topo maps are the only reliable sources of water in the mountains.
Perennial sunflowers are attractive as vertical accents and in borders.
Perennial tears descend in gems.
Perennial trees produce flowers.
Perennial trees produce white flowers.
Most perennial trees produce flowers.
Most perennial trees produce white flowers.
Perennial vegetables grow in gardens.
Many perennial vegetables are available now as bare-root.
Most perennial vegetables grow in gardens.
Perennial vegetation is one of the most valuable components of the landscape.
Perennial vegetation provides wildlife habitat and visual diversity to a cropland landscape.
Perennial vines can be a significant problem.
Perennial vines can climb an arbor or trellis, or soften a fence.
Most perennial vines are woody or semiwoody climbing or trailing plants.
Perennial Web is a place for all gardeners, hobbyists and professionals.
Perennial weeds are difficult to control without some cultivation.
Perennial weeds are difficult to kill through cultivation alone.
Perennial weeds are harder to manage.
Perennial weeds are more difficult to control because the reproduce both vegetatively and by seed.
Perennial weeds are more difficult to control with reduced tillage.
Perennial weeds are most susceptible to herbicides in the fall before frost.
Perennial weeds are weeds that live more than two years.
Perennial weeds can be a major problem in asparagus plantings.
Perennial weeds can be especially problematic in a lawn.
Perennial weeds can be extremely difficult to control in established crops.
Perennial weeds can be particularly troublesome in artichoke plantings.
Perennial weeds can serve as overwintering spots for disease organisms, especially viruses.
Perennial weeds come back year after year, dying down to the roots in winter.
Perennial weeds go dormant in the winter and return full force in the spring.
Perennial weeds grow from roots.
Perennial weeds have life.
Perennial weeds live for two or more years.
Perennial weeds live for years.
Perennial weeds present their own special problems.
Perennial weeds reproduce both by seed and vegetatively.
Perennial weeds reproduce vegetatively and can live indefinitely.
Perennial weeds require perennial solutions.
Perennial weeds survive from one year to the next.
Perennial weeds survive year after year and appear to be increasing in Indiana soybean fields.
Many perennial weeds continue to grow after frost has killed tender flowers and vegetables.
Most perennial weeds grow from roots.
Most perennial weeds have life.
Most perennial weeds live for years.
Most perennial weeds reproduce vegetatively as well as by seed.
Some perennial weeds require many years of growth before seed production occurs.
Perennial wildflowers grow in areas.
Most perennial wildflowers grow in areas.
Some perennial wildflowers consist of basal leaves.
Some perennial wildflowers consist of leaves.
Some perennial wildflowers find in open woodlands.
Some perennial wildflowers find in woodlands.
A perennial is a plant
Perennial grows from the parent plant.
Perennial subshrub native to the Mediterranean.
Perennials abound with a touch of annuals for some added interest.
Perennials add nutrients to the soil directly, but they also have an indirect effect.
Perennials also produce new plants from seed.
Perennials also require work.
Perennials are a great foundation from which to expand upon.
Perennials are a little more costly but can live for years as they grow and spread.
Perennials are a more practical choice when looking at cost simply because they grow back each year.
Perennials are a sure-fire way to jump start the high elevation gardening season.
Perennials are also available through mail-order catalogs.
Perennials are also more problematic in No-till for the same reasons.
Perennials are always on the move.
Perennials are an indispensable part of every garden, regardless of size.
Perennials are best divided in fall as the plants enter dormancy.
Perennials are classified as either herbaceous or woody.
Perennials are difficult and costly to control once a crop has been planted.
Perennials are easy to divide and share with other enthusiasts.
Perennials are flowers.
Perennials are foliage.
Perennials are fun and easy to grow, and give a very distinct and unique look to any garden.
Perennials are great at filling voids between blooms.
Perennials are great for taking up lawn because they can require little care.
Perennials are great for the landscape.
Perennials are increasingly popular because they are a wonderful outlet for creative expression.
Perennials are just what the name implies.
Perennials are less fussy about the timing of rainfall.
Perennials are long-lived compared to annuals and require relatively low maintenance.
Perennials are more numerous and provide the breeding budgerigar with a sustained supply of food.
Perennials are more primitive than biennials, and biennials are usually more primitive than annuals.
Perennials are more tricky.
Perennials are more work than annuals.
Perennials are most often deciduous plants, which reappear from the roots year after year.
Perennials are nature's gift to the gardener.
Perennials are plants that can live for several years or more.
Perennials are plants that come back every summer.
Perennials are plants that continue to grow indefinitely.
Perennials are plants that grow back year after year, assuming they have proper conditions and care.
Perennials are plants that grow persistently for many seasons.
Perennials are plants that live and bloom for more than one year.
Perennials are plants that live for three years or longer.
Perennials are plants that live for two or more years.
Perennials are plants that live more than two growing seasons.
Perennials are plants that live more than two seasons.
Perennials are plants that survive the winter.
Perennials are plants.
Perennials are popular because they live for many years once established in the flower garden.
Perennials are probably the most useful, versatile plants around.
Perennials are such a rage now.
Perennials are suitable for many locations.
Perennials are the backbone for a self- sustaining life style.
Perennials are the mainstay, but annuals are added to the mix.
Perennials are the soul of any good garden design.
Perennials are the staple plants of many garden palettes.
Perennials are usually available as field-grown specimens.
Perennials are wonderful, but their strength is their ability to come back year after year.
Perennials bloom all summer.
Perennials bring bold accents of seasonal color that return year after year.
Perennials bring color and texture to the landscape.
Perennials can add brilliance and backbone to many gardens.
Perennials can be dandy container plants.
Perennials can be ordered, gardening tools, gifts, hundreds of gardening items are available.
Perennials can fill niches in dry shade, moist shade, and damp or dry sunny spots.
Perennials can go out in the garden now.
Perennials can last decades and spread more each year.
Perennials can range in height from several inches to many feet.
Perennials can take three or four years to reach a mature size.
Perennials come back every year for three or more years.
Perennials come back season after season, and survive the winters in their roots.
Perennials come up first.
Perennials come up too early because of the heat from the lines, then they freeze off.
Perennials continue in a pasture year after year while annuals have top be planted every year.
Perennials develop their roots, stems, leaves, flowers and seeds all in the first year.
Perennials differ in growth habit, size, leaf morphology, and other characteristics.
Perennials drop seeds at different times throughout the growing season, depending upon the species.
Perennials establish a root system and come back each year.
Perennials featured include roses, day lilies, iris, monarda, sedums, and chrysanthemums.
Perennials generally require different conditions from annual seeds.
Perennials generally take a longer period of time to begin full production.
Perennials grow in sweeps.
Perennials grow to twice their size in as little as one year.
Perennials have a positive effect on the annual crops as well.
Perennials have a shorter bloom period than annuals.
Perennials have enough work growing without competing with weeds for food, water and space.
Perennials have several different types of root systems.
Perennials Identify herbaceous perennials used in southeastern landscapes.
Perennials is a language arts extravaganza.
Perennials know it's time to rest for the winter.
Perennials live and produce seeds year after year.
Perennials live for more than one growing season.
Perennials live for more than two years.
Perennials live for more that one growing season.
Perennials live for several years after germination.
Perennials live forever.
Perennials live more than two years before their life cycle is complete.
Perennials live more than two years, and grow back from the same roots year after year.
Perennials live more than two years.
Perennials live the longest of the three - more than two years.
Perennials live year after year.
Perennials move nutrients into their roots during fall to prepare for winter.
Perennials offer many advantages.
Perennials offer season after season of easy, reliable beauty.
Perennials prefer full sun and well-drained soil.
Perennials produce new vegetative growth from growing points at or below the soil surface.
Perennials protect annuals from desiccating winds.
Perennials provide a permanent vegetation cover and annuals can be intercropped.
Perennials provide organic fertiliser from leaf fall and nitrogen from nitrogen fixing species.
Perennials provide the local fauna with nesting sites and hiding places from predators.
Perennials regrow from roots.
Perennials represent a growing category for local greenhouses and nurseries.
Perennials reproduce from seed, as well as vegetatively from their root systems.
Perennials require different techniques and tools for division.
Perennials require from one to many years growth before flowering.
Perennials require no maintenance.
Perennials return year after year.
Perennials sleep the first year, they creep the second year, and they leap the third year.
Perennials survive three or more seasons.
Perennials take longer to grow, though.
Perennials tend to be lower maintenance and more drought resistant than other types of plants.
Perennials tend to die back to the ground when exposed to cold weather during the winter.
Perennials often require less maintenance than some annual flowers.
Perennials often require more than one treatment.
Perennials usually live for several years a.
Perennials usually show up best when planted in clumps or groups of plants of the same variety.
All perennials benefit from a topdressing of compost and an application of an organic fertilizer.
Many perennials are available in several cultivars with different color, height or other attributes.
Many perennials are susceptible to the virus and thrips.
Many perennials grown from seed take one or two years before they flower.
Many perennials look the same when they have only a couple of their first leaves.
Many perennials provide added interest in the winter.
Many perennials require division every three or four years.
Most perennials also reproduce by seed so new seedlings germinate every year.
Most perennials are adaptable to sun or shade, various soil and water conditions.
Most perennials benefit from a boost with fertilizer as new growth begins in the spring.
Most perennials demand good drainage.
Most perennials die back in winter, but some retain many of their leaves.
Most perennials do best in full sun, although many tolerate shade, and some even prefer it.
Most perennials end up spindly and unattractive when high-nitrogen fertilizers are applied.
Most perennials eventually become overcrowded and require division.
Most perennials give daily color and last longer.
Most perennials have to be dug up and divided occasionally.
Most perennials prefer good levels of sunlight, about six hours is optimal.
Most perennials prefer well-drained soil.
Most perennials reach their mature size in two to three years.
Some perennials are even well-suited to growing on a trellis or a fence line.
Some perennials are extremely drought-tolerant.
Some perennials are invasive and others require pruning.
Some perennials are very long lived, and some short.
Some perennials form the framework.
Some perennials live to return year after year for decades or even centuries.
Some perennials prefer a certain season for division or transplanting.
Some perennials provide beauty through striking foliage or texture.
Some perennials require the high label rate for control.
Some perennials take three or more years to produce flowers.
Perennials gardening is still very new to South Carolina.
Perez corner take out by Colorado.
Perfect accuracy ensures progressive and safe results, fast.
Perfect accuracy is impossible when two languages are incompatible at certain points of meaning.
Perfect accuracy is unobtainable, but it is surprising how much structured study reveals.
Perfect acoustics ensure every word is heard.
Perfect alignment is hard.
Perfect alignment reduces handling damage, air leaks, and pipe wear.
Perfect amalgamation is neither possible nor desirable.
Perfect arrival is guaranteed.
Perfect atonement is made for sin.
Perfect attendance earns bonus points.
Perfect attendance is a goal for all students to achieve.
Perfect attendance is absolutely essential for the success of a chamber ensemble.
Perfect attendance is fundamental.
Perfect attendance is recognized.
Perfect attendance is recommended.
Perfect attendance is very important.
Perfect attendance means no absences.
Perfect attendance proves to be a real barometer for future success.
Perfect attendance raises the course grade by one step.
Perfect attendance requires a student to be tardy no more than two times in a school year.
Perfect balance is achieved as the face naturally points straight down the line.
Perfect balance is hard to find, perpetual motion is a given.
Perfect balance is maintained.
Perfect balance means safe progress whenever the wheels are in motion.
Perfect behavior is a journey that happens one step at a time.
Perfect behavior is born of complete indifference.
Perfect binding is also available.
Perfect binding is available by request.
Perfect binding is economical.
Perfect binding is most economical when producing pieces with high page counts and high quantities.
Perfect binding is standard.
Perfect binding is the most common way to bind soft-cover books.
Perfect binding is used.
Perfect binding uses a flexible adhesive instead of staples to bind a book together.
Perfect children are quiet children.
Perfect circulation necessitates the adjustment of blood supply to meet the demand of the cells.
Perfect clarity is so assertive, so unequivocal, so. . .
Perfect client give-away.
Perfect competition is allocatively efficient.
Perfect competition is no concentration.
Perfect competition is productively efficient.
Perfect competition is the logical end of communism.
Perfect competition is very rare outside of agriculture and financial markets.
Perfect competitors are price takers, while the latter three are price searchers.
Perfect compliments are goods that are consumed in the exact ration each time.
Perfect conditions happen far less often.
Perfect conditions means a perfect telephone line, and it is next to impossible to obtain one.
Perfect contrition takes away sin even before confession.
Perfect control is assured by the built-in color management system.
Perfect control is unattainable for most individuals.
Perfect cooperation leads to centralized, global optimization techniques of operations research.
Perfect coordination exists in our universe.
Perfect copies produced by asexual reproduction, avoid any genetic mutations.
Perfect credit gets lowest rates.
Perfect crystals are essential components for advanced neutron optics.
Perfect crystals show translational symmetry which allows the application of group theory.
All perfect crystals have flat surfaces.
Perfect days are hard to come by, and can be spoiled by just one small detail.
Perfect defense can prevail.
Perfect deliveries are the product of careful training.
Perfect design ensures clean spikes every time. .
Perfect discipline requires recognition of infallibility.
Perfect doe bleat every time.
Perfect dough deserves a perfect shape.
Perfect drainage is also necessary.
Perfect drainage is necessary for growing a winter garden.
Perfect efficiency is impossible.
Perfect enjoyment is the overflowing satisfaction of the nature.
Perfect equality is a self-defeating ideal.
Perfect equality is manifest.
Perfect equality requires dictatorship.
Perfect examples are a medium sized apple, banana or carrot.
Perfect examples are fish, white meat of chicken, even lean red meats.
Perfect facings allow reeds to vibrate better, which results in more useable reeds.
Perfect fairness is regarded by many as weakness.
Perfect fairways mean more roll.
Perfect fishing is proposed, pikes, perches.
Perfect flowers appear in springs.
Perfect flowers can fertilize themselves.
Perfect flowers contain both the male parts and female parts within a single flower structure.
Perfect flowers contain pistils.
Perfect flowers contain stamens.
Perfect flowers have organs.
Perfect flowers have pistils.
Perfect flowers have stamens.
Perfect flowers tend to be self-pollinated.
Most perfect flowers appear in springs.
Most perfect flowers contain pistils.
Most perfect flowers contain stamens.
Most perfect flowers have organs.
Most perfect flowers have pistils.
Most perfect flowers have stamens.
Perfect freedom has no existence.
Perfect freedom is intolerable and therefore impossible.
Perfect freedom requires great amount of responsibility.
Perfect friendship exists between good men who are alike in their virtuousness.
Perfect fulfillment is required.
A perfect game is baseball
Perfect games earn extra privileges.
Perfect generosity holds nothing back.
All perfect Gifts come from above.
Every perfect gift is from above.
Perfect happiness comes in the vision of the divine essence, as Aquinas states several times.
Perfect happiness consists in an act of the understanding.
Perfect happiness has a lot to do with unencumbered mental clarity.
Perfect happiness implies the solidarity of the angels.
Perfect harmony is especially desirable during gestation.
Perfect hate hates the opposites fear and faith.
Perfect hatred is a form of hatred that is consistent with all other virtues.
Perfect health depends upon perfect circulation.
Perfect health is a balance between the spirit and the body.
Perfect health is a worldwide requirement for flight attendant new hires.
Perfect health is natural.
Perfect health is our birthright.
Perfect heat Getting the heat right is the next step towards making the perfect barbecue.
Perfect honeymooners suite.
Perfect implementation is a time consuming illusion.
Perfect implementation is the exception, however.
Perfect impulse buy item for specialty retailers who sell from carts, kiosks, and stores.
Perfect information implies the entire state of the game is known at any time.
Perfect information is available efficiently.
Perfect inspections are now rare.
Perfect installation is much more important here than with the larger engines.
Perfect integrity is at a premium even among scoundrels.
Perfect intervals are the unison, fourth, fifth, and octave.
Perfect joy is to be without joy.
Perfect justice demands a penalty but perfect love demands reconciliation.
Perfect justice is possible.
Perfect knowledge seems to be an ever evasive truth.
Perfect landings are a laudable goal.
Perfect languages are very difficult to master.
Perfect liberty is anarchy.
Perfect location makes it an important address for both business and leisure.
Perfect love casteth out fear, but fear can cast out conscience - even fear of justice.
Perfect love casteth out fear.
Perfect love casts out all fear .
Perfect love casts out all fear.
Perfect love casts out fear because fear has to do with punishment.
Perfect love casts out fear, and that includes the fear of death.
Perfect love casts out fear, because fear causes torment.
Perfect love casts out fear.
Perfect love does no harm to people, to animals, or to the whole of creation.
Perfect love drives out all fear.
Perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment.
Perfect love drives out fear, for fear has to do with punishment.
Perfect love drives out fear.
Perfect love finds it impossible to hate anyone.
Perfect love ignores everything except what is forever.
Perfect love is almost always unrealized.
Perfect love is gentle and teachable, kind and easy to be entreated.
Perfect love is source only to light, life, healing, harmony and peace.
Perfect love is the ability to give without receiving.
Perfect love is unconditional.
Perfect love knows no fear and truth fears no investigation.
Perfect love knows no limitations.
Perfect love means one is always satisfied with one's partner.
Perfect love takes fear out of the heart.
Perfect machines contain no moving parts.
Perfect mindfulness knows every moment that is occurring.
Perfect miters are only part of finish carpentry.
Perfect nodes obey a backoff discipline that limits the messages they initiate.
Perfect numbers are few and far between.
Perfect numbers are it's factors except iteself adding to itself.
Perfect numbers are very rare.
Perfect numbers use in the world.
Perfect order appears to underlie apparent chaos in turbulent flows.
Perfect order is brought out of the confusion.
Perfect order is impossible.
Perfect order is possible.
Perfect order is to be observed.
Perfect organizations get perfect rabbis and educators and cantors and lay leaders.
Perfect papers get full credit.
Perfect pasta provides profits for pennies a pound.
Perfect peace can dwell only where all vanity has disappeared.
Perfect peace is no longer merely a dream.
Perfect peace is the believer's permanent portion.
Perfect peace reigns here.
Perfect pecs are part of the whole image women have conjured up in their fantasy-filled daydreams.
Perfect penitence is entitled to pardon.
Perfect people are in pretty short supply.
Perfect phylogeny is one of the fundamental models for studying evolution.
Perfect pie crusts every time with no preparation mess and no waste.
Perfect pitch allows babies to extract meaning from the pitch of different sounds they hear.
Perfect pitch is a rare gift possessed by few musicians and coveted by many.
Perfect pitch is a sensory system
Perfect pitch is actually a misnomer.
Perfect pitch is the ability to detect the pitch of a musical tone without any reference.
Perfect pitch is the world's only nested cell shade.
Perfect Posture Standing tall and proud makes a bride look slim and in control.
Perfect practice beats a triple practice every time.
Perfect practice is what takes hitters to the next level.
Perfect practice make perfect.
Perfect practice makes perfect .
Perfect practice makes perfect.
Perfect practices make perfect.
Perfect prayer is a service that includes the soul.
Perfect prediction is impossible.
Perfect prizes are golf discounts, a free round of golf, etc.
Perfect prototypes come along only so often.
Perfect reflection is assumed at the ground.
Perfect replication is impossible, and therefore natural selection is inevitable.
Perfect righteousness is the result of wisdom as well as affection.
Perfect ripeness is essential.
Perfect ripeness is quiet unusual.
Perfect rows allow each operation optimum width implements increasing efficiency.
Perfect safety is an illusory goal.
Perfect safety is unknown in transportation and probably in most of life's endeavors.
Perfect scores are rare.
Perfect seams are the most obvious sign of a well-made garment.
Perfect secrecy is likely the oldest model in information security.
Perfect secrecy is provably impossible.
Perfect selflessness is the acme of genius, the consummation of power.
Perfect sentences coalesce from nothing.
Perfect skin gives people ideas.
Some perfect snacks help energy levels.
Some perfect snacks help levels.
Perfect solutions are rare in our world of over-commitments and inevitable tradeoffs.
Perfect souls have an aversion from necessary pleasures and refections.
Perfect speedup equals the number of processors.
Perfect squares are solid colors.
Perfect squares arise in many fundamental questions in number theory.
Perfect stillness is the entire disinterestedness of it.
Some perfect storms lead to disorder.
Some perfect storms lead to neurological disorder.
Some perfect storms threaten life.
Perfect strangers can tell.
Perfect strangers come with their deepest fears and hurts, and the thinnest strand of hope.
Perfect strangers donate objects to be glued onto Lillian.
Every perfect system encourages someone to try and break it, however.
Perfect technique is essential for correct drug delivery.
Perfect teleportation is indeed possible in principle, but only if the original is destroyed.
Perfect teleportation is possible, but only if the original is destroyed.
All perfect tenses use a form of have.
Perfect transcription requires human proofreading and keying.
Perfect trust is perfect freedom.
Perfect understanding is, well, more understandable and intuitively grasped than the idea of love.
Perfect unity is mentioned.
Perfect use can give better results.
Perfect use refers to contraceptives that are used correctly each time intercourse occurs.
Perfect use refers to failure rates for women whose use is consistent and always correct.
Perfect virtue produces nothing.
Perfect waves peel through Indicators and barrel in front of the landmark surf statue.
Perfect weather is of course part of that mix.
Perfect weddings are our tradition.
Perfect weekend get away with a good graveled road leading to the cabin.
Perfect weekend get-away.
Perfect wisdom gives rise to perfect compassion.
More perfect words have yet to be found.
Perfection begins with a warm, open-hearted embrace.
Perfection begins with no spelling or grammatical errors and unblemished presentation.
Perfection can be boring.
Perfection can break too easily.
Perfection can come in many different shapes and sizes.
Perfection can never last and stems from judgment.
Perfection can only come from trial and error over many years.
Perfection can only exist for so long before it disappears.
Perfection can really only be unreal, or momentary at best in the real world.
Perfection can suggest the idea of forward movement, but also the idea of coming to a halt.
Perfection causes jealousy.
Perfection comes at a price.
Perfection comes in selflessness.
Perfection comes later.
Perfection comes only from attention to every detail.
Perfection comes only through natural means and nature is as perfect as perfection can get.
Perfection comes with practise, and tasting is the key to a successful dish.
Perfection costs a lot of money.
Perfection covers the tracks of past history.
Perfection does occur, but it is a fleeting and sometimes dangerous illusion.
Perfection dulls the light of pure creative energy.
Perfection equals a gold medal.
Perfection exists nowhere.
Perfection exists only in story books.
Perfection has many forms.
Perfection has no limits on the unhealthy side.
Perfection has to do more with obeying the letter of the law than being perfect in every respect.
Perfection includes the process of changing, growing, expanding, improving, and moving ahead.
Perfection is a balanced combination of substance and elegance.
Perfection is a concept of the Christian Platonic mind-set.
Perfection is a difficult concept.
Perfection is a dream, excellence is a reality that is achievable.
Perfection is a goal to be reached by a gradual process.
Perfection is a human abstraction.
Perfection is a necessary fiction, a metaphor, or skilful means.
Perfection is a necessity.
Perfection is a perpetual goal.
Perfection is a personal goal never reached.
Perfection is a precarious perch.
Perfection is a process to achieve and to create, by correct and exemplary living.
Perfection is a process.
Perfection is a relative term.
Perfection is a sense of never having arrived, never doing good enough.
Perfection is a serious flaw for a modern politician.
Perfection is a sports imperative.
Perfection is a state
Perfection is a theoretical construct, an unknown ideal.
Perfection is a trap.
Perfection is a vision that is shared by all.
Perfection is a waste of time.
Perfection is actuality up to standard.
Perfection is affordable.
Perfection is albums.
Perfection is also a concept, in the same way that infinity is.
Perfection is also different for each person.
Perfection is always just around the next corner.
Perfection is always our goal.
Perfection is an abstract concept.
Perfection is an accumulation of near-perfect giving.
Perfection is an endlessly retreating goal, just out of grasp.
Perfection is an ideal.
Perfection is an illusion that is unattainable.
Perfection is an illusion.
Perfection is an impossible image to live up to and attempts can lead to serious trouble.
Perfection is an impossible standard.
Perfection is an ongoing endeavor.
Perfection is an unattainable ideal which can be striven for but never achieved.
Perfection is balance and harmony in life, while desire is an imbalance of thought.
Perfection is beyond the scope of creation.
Perfection is boring.
Perfection is born of purity of heart.
Perfection is cold and clinical, every angle precise, every edge razor sharp and according to plan.
Perfection is defined as being entirely without flaw and meeting supreme standards of excellence.
Perfection is difficult to achieve .
Perfection is difficult to beat.
Perfection is dull.
Perfection is either in the past or in the future or in the dream world.
Perfection is essential.
Perfection is eternal.
Perfection is everywhere.
Perfection is exactly what complicates the problem here.
Perfection is experienced only through acceptance.
Perfection is fear.
Perfection is finality.
Perfection is for sissies.
Perfection is hard to achieve in the real world.
Perfection is hard to attain, and certainly harder to keep.
Perfection is hard to come by.
Perfection is hard to relate to.
Perfection is impossible, and the human condition is to err.
Perfection is impossible, but that is our goal for aviation safety.
Perfection is impossible.
Perfection is improvement.
Perfection is in simplicity.
Perfection is in the head and is seen as facts.
Perfection is loved because of itself.
Perfection is more difficult to maintain in monastic houses with large communities.
Perfection is more of a ideal than a reality, philosophically speaking.
Perfection is neither desired nor achievable.
Perfection is never easy.
Perfection is often unattainable and causes frustration.
Perfection is only an idea.
Perfection is optional.
Perfection is our goal.
Perfection is our passion.
Perfection is our specialty.
Perfection is part of the bulimic addiction.
Perfection is peace.
Perfection is possible and practical.
Perfection is possible if one stays with the group and is committed.
Perfection is possible.
Perfection is quite a static state.
Perfection is rather dull anyway.
Perfection is reachable in stages, but never quite reached.
Perfection is reached when a technology is mature.
Perfection is reached, however, through the difficult stages that follow.
Perfection is really all that counts.
Perfection is relative to the recipient.
Perfection is required for eternal life.
Perfection is seen as the price for success and avoidance of disappointments and problems.
Perfection is simply an issue of time and space.
Perfection is so damn boring.
Perfection is so overwhelming, the proper words are sometimes difficult to find.
Perfection is states.
Perfection is still a rare commodity.
Perfection is such a boring state.
Perfection is temporary.
Perfection is the clerkly way of doing things.
Perfection is the enemy of good.
Perfection is the essence light.
Perfection is the goal, but nobody's perfect.
Perfection is the great thing to try for.
Perfection is the greatest bore.
Perfection is the invention of man.
Perfection is the key to success.
Perfection is the key.
Perfection is the minimum standard when creating rollovers.
Perfection is the name for the picture quality on view here.
Perfection is the narrow path.
Perfection is the part of the process where a bill is debated and amended.
Perfection is the sense of oneness with all that is,has ever been and can ever be.
Perfection is the word.
Perfection is their by-word.
Perfection is then the sense of oneness with all that is,has ever been and can ever be.
Perfection is thought of as attainable by very few, which is true.
Perfection is to become the fruit of true love.
Perfection is too often a burden.
Perfection is too pale a word.
Perfection is true opera.
Perfection is twofold.
Perfection is unachievable.
Perfection is unattainable and very costly at that.
Perfection is unattainable but that is no reason to despair.
Perfection is unattainable.
Perfection is unrealistic.
Perfection is very difficult to achieve.
Perfection is very hard to achieve.
Perfection is within an arms reach.
Perfection lies in attention to the smallest detail.
Perfection lies in the degree of openness to self-transcendence.
Perfection lives in the details.
Perfection means being able to control our environment.
Perfection means being the best.
Perfection means making progress.
Perfection means the perfection of love and the perfection of personality.
Perfection means to engage in one's original consciousness.
Perfection means utterly complete, having no defects or blemishes.
Perfection never arrives, but is always reached for.
Perfection never exists either in the employer or the employee.
Perfection offers financing for all machinery it sells.
Perfection offers the finest refurbishing facility in the industry.
Perfection refers to simplicity of intention and purity of affection.
Perfection remains out of sight, but progress is in view.
Perfection reproduces perfection.
Perfection requires a target.
Perfection requires acceptance or rejection.
Perfection requires judgment, an automatic right or wrong.
Perfection requires lots of practice and some luck.
Perfection requires quality supervision.
Perfection s only failing is that it doesn t last forever.
Perfection seems unattainable.
Perfection sells magazines and carriers for the semiconductor industry worldwide.
Perfection starts with handmade dough and sauces.
Perfection takes several dozen, l suspect, and that is the realm of the pro.
Perfection takes time.
Every perfection is an eternity, and every eternity a living virtue.
Perfectionism also affects their relationships with other people.
Perfectionism becomes ingrained in the very fabric of a person's personality.
Perfectionism can actually lead to procrastination.
Perfectionism can also lead to endless repolishing of a perfectly adequate paper.
Perfectionism can be a killer too, and it can never be achieved.
Perfectionism can become a prison cell.
Perfectionism can become a vicious cycle.
Perfectionism can inhibit creativity and spontaneity, which are especially important in mentoring.
Perfectionism can often lead to picky and critical words.
Perfectionism can range from school achievement to relationships with siblings and even cleanliness.
Perfectionism comes in three distinct types.
Perfectionism contributes to pessimistic beliefs, feelings, and actions.
Perfectionism creates an atmosphere of intolerance mistakes.
Perfectionism goes hand in hand with fear of success and failure.
Perfectionism is a common ailment, too, among successful women.
Perfectionism is a common personality trait among lawyers.
Perfectionism is a concept that plagues our society in many ways.
Perfectionism is a curse and a strain.
Perfectionism is a curse.
Perfectionism is a disposition
Perfectionism is a draining character trait.
Perfectionism is a huge and common problem to deal with.
Perfectionism is a life of the oppressive.
Perfectionism is a stranglehold on the personality's growth.
Perfectionism is a terrific problem for most highly accomplished public women.
Perfectionism is actually a group of related expectations.
Perfectionism is actually one expression of an underlying fear of rejection.
Perfectionism is also a reason for delay.
Perfectionism is an attempt to master and control the environment.
Perfectionism is an attribute to the stress building process.
Perfectionism is an ever defeating cycle.
Perfectionism is an obstacle to organized living.
Perfectionism is dead.
Perfectionism is dispositions.
Perfectionism is like a muscle cramp.
Perfectionism is more likely to complicate than enhance one's relationships.
Perfectionism is often a culprit in staying stuck.
Perfectionism is one of the biggest enemies of success.
Perfectionism is one of the two great criticisms leveled at the Christian church.
Perfectionism is part of the anatomy of a control freak but it involves more.
Perfectionism is potent.
Perfectionism is really about expectations and judgment.
Perfectionism is rooted in the foolish and futile attempt to do the impossible for dubious reasons.
Perfectionism is salvation by works returning through the back door.
Perfectionism is the enemy of self-esteem.
Perfectionism is the most misunderstood aspect of the personality of the gifted.
Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor, the enemy of the people.
Perfectionism is unattainable, frustrating and neurotic.
Perfectionism leads to a way of life that demands control.
Perfectionism leads to increased depression.
Perfectionism leads to paralysis.
Perfectionism makes it difficult to make such distinctions.
Perfectionism sheds light on people's desire for structure and guidance.
Perfectionism starts to develop in people at a very early age.
Perfectionism tries to leave no room for failure which leaves no room for growth.
Perfectionism turns out to be a significant negative prognostic indicator for depression.
Perfectionism often results in rebellion or self-sabotage.
Perfectionism often underlies the fear of failure.
Perfectionist tendencies can kill curiosity and learning in a heartbeat.
A perfectionist is a compulsive
Perfectionists also have a markedly higher suicide rate .
Perfectionists are determined to overcome all obstacles to success.
Perfectionists are highly critical and harbor unrealistic expectations.
Perfectionists are realistic, conscientious, and principled.
Perfectionists are very hard on themselves.
Perfectionists believe compulsive striving is necessary for success.
Perfectionists believe that anything less than perfect is unacceptable .
Perfectionists believe that anything less than perfect is unacceptable.
Perfectionists can suffer from anxiety and low self-esteem .
Perfectionists drive themselves into the ground, eventually failing in every attempt at perfection.
Perfectionists exhibit a tendency to engage in black and white thinking.
Perfectionists experience excessive shame in making mistakes.
Perfectionists hate making mistakes.
Perfectionists have difficulty seeing situations in perspective.
Perfectionists have difficulty with close, honest relationships.
Perfectionists live in a narrowly defined world in which they feel empowered.
Perfectionists produce better work, they get better grades, they get enormous positive feedback.
Perfectionists report higher stress.
Perfectionists report lower satisfaction in their relationships with their children.
Perfectionists report lower satisfaction in their relationships with their co-workers.
Perfectionists report lower satisfaction in their relationships with their friends.
Perfectionists report lower satisfaction in their relationships with their partners.
Perfectionists report lower self-esteem.
Perfectionists see the importance of getting things right.
Perfectionists see themselves either as successes or failures with no in between.
Perfectionists set high standards and push themselves hard.
Perfectionists tend to avoid rather than attempt.
Perfectionists tend to be harsh critics of themselves when they fail to meet their standards.
Perfectionists tend to be people who like to be in control and have trouble being spontaneous.
Perfectionists tend to take themselves, their children, their work too seriously.
Perfectionists tend to worry about their areas of perfectionism.
Perfectionists try to do it all themselves because they believe no one else can do it better.
Perfectionists write novels.
Perfectionists often equate failure to achieve their goals with a lack of personal worth or value.
Perfectionists often equate mistakes with failure.
Perfectionists often have great trouble with focusing on priorities.
Perfectionists often have problems with procrastination, missed deadlines, and low productivity.
Perfectionists often make the best players.
Perfectionists often miss out on fun, relaxation and satisfaction.
Perfectionists often seem pretty tightly wired.
Perfectionists often view criticism as a personal attack, responding to it defensively.
Perfectionists sometimes set impossibly high standards.
Many perfectionists measure their own worth in terms of accomplishments.
Perfectionistic teens are at high risk for anorexia nervosa and bulimia.
Perfective verbs have almost the same conjugation as imperfective verbs.
Perferable position is right wing or attacking midfielder.
Perfluorinated alkanes are used as blood substitutes .
Perfluorocarbon emulsion improves oxygenation of the cat primary visual cortex.
A perfluorocarbon is a greenhouse emission
A perfluorocarbon is fluorocarbon
Perfluorocarbons also enhance alveolar recruitment in the setting of atelectasis.
Perfluorocarbons are fluorocarbon.
Perfluorocarbons are greenhouse gases.
Perfluorocarbons are very powerful, long-lived greenhouse gases.
Perfluorocarbons dissolve more oxygen than any other inert liquid known.
Perfluorocarbons improve oxygen delivery by increasing solubility in plasma.
Perforate corals have porous skeletons with connections between the polyps through the skeleton.
Perforate fragment ends to wire fractured bones.
Perforated capitulum bracts Traces of the feeding stings made by adults. .
Perforated ducts placed on the floor can work well for flat buildings.
Perforated ducts placed on the floor can work well.
Perforated elements are fully interchangeable with the wedgewire elements.
Perforated finish allows mask material to breathe.
Perforated folds allow paper to lay flat.
Perforated material has different strengths depending on the direction of loading.
Perforated pages are easy for little hands to tear out.
Perforated pages make for easy reproduction.
Perforated pages provide the teacher with a variety of ways to utilize the book.
Perforated pipe allows water to enter or exit through small openings along a length of a pipe.
Perforated pipe is a length of casing that has holes or slots drilled or cut into the pipe.
Perforated pipe is used so that water can drain into the well from the surrounding saturated soils.
Perforated pipes allow the liquid to be equally distributed in a gravel-filled disposal field.
Perforated pipes run through the trenches to distribute the wastewater.
Perforated plates welded to the inside surface of the shell support the steam tubes.
Perforated profiles are available for acoustic applications.
Perforated stub provides a permanent record of baptisms.
Perforated surface allows water and other fluids to pass through.
Perforated ulcers are life-threatening situations where a hole has formed in the stomach wall.
Perforation allows production of oil from specific depths predetermined from logging data.
Perforation can be continuous, or selective zonal isolation can be achieved.
Perforation can lead to peritonitis and hematogenous spread to the liver, spleen and other organs.
Perforation can occur.
Perforation carries a much higher risk of wound infection and other complications.
Perforation causes most of the attacks of peritonitis.
Perforation extends down both arms and the entire front, down to the kevlar crotch area.
Perforation has (part) sections.
Perforation is a cause of primary bacterial peritonitis.
Perforation is a hole
Perforation is a known complication of dilatation.
Perforation is a known complication of the procedure .
Perforation is a rip-off.
Perforation is a serious complication requiring immediate medical attention.
Perforation is a surgical emergency.
Perforation is an infrequent but important complication of colonoscopy.
Perforation is another indication for operative intervention.
Perforation is common.
Perforation is due to ischemic necrosis as a result of impaired blood flow to the bowel.
Perforation is holes.
Perforation is optional .
Perforation is punctures.
Perforation is rare.
Perforation is simple.
Perforation isa artifact.
Perforation occurs most commonly during component and cement removal.
Perforation requiring corneal grafting occurred in one case, anaphakic eye.
Perforations allow adequate fluid infiltration.
Perforations allow easy removal of empty sections.
Perforations allow tickets to be detached easily from booklets.
Perforations allow tickets to be detached easily.
Perforations are the rows of punched holes separating stamps from one another in a sheet.
Perforations are there to make separating the stamps easy.
Perforations can also form remittance stubs and tear-away tabs.
Perforations come in three basic types.
Perforations facilitate opening boxes, and serve as tamper indicators.
Perforations give the plate a limited amount of adjustment in theatre.
Perforations increase absorption and allow for faster grip drying.
Perforations make for easy removal.
Perforations remain uniform and there is no stretching of the screen.
Perforations touch or cut the design on other issues.
Perforations vary from stamp to stamp.
Perforation usually requires prolonged admission.
Perforations usually heal by themselves.
Perforations usually heal well without intervention.
Most perforations are of the classic, round-hole variety with paper removed.
Perform calculation run for the new load position and save the beam to a separate file if required.
Perform calculation run.
Perform calf raises off the edge of a step.
Perform duties utilizing computer, register patients, access data, make referrals.
Perform fact find to indentify and analyse potential clients'' needs.
Perform field work to check and control components of the electric system.
Perform laboratory analyses as assigned.
Perform meter reads and field investigations.
Perform movement sequences with or without music.
Perform service calls for technology-related problems on campus.
Perform service calls to make site repairs as needed.
Perform training needs assessments and initiate programs designed to address gaps.
Perform unit tests on their component.
Perform water changes every two to three days.
Performance analysis assumes scant time and little organizational support.
Performance analysis encourages design beyond prescriptive code requirements.
Performance analysis identifies the whole problem, and offers organizations systematic solutions.
Performance analysis involves several steps.
Performance analysis is a process of diminishing returns .
Performance analysis is a systematic and systemic approach to engaging with the client.
Performance analysis is a very complex process.
Performance analysis is based on a comparison with conventional residential loans.
Performance analysis is given.
Performance analysis is like a physician's preliminary diagnosis.
Performance analysis is only a rough sketch.
Performance analysis is the key to any solution.
Performance analysis is the key to any training solution.
Performance analysis optimizes resource utilization.
Performance analysis shows that both methods perform significantly better than blind flooding.
Performance anxiety affects almost everyone, from the beginner to the most seasoned professional.
Performance anxiety can appear in late childhood and social phobia in adolescence.
Performance anxiety can take a variety of forms.
Performance anxiety is a challenge for all athletes, including the youth athlete.
Performance anxiety is a very peculiar thing.
Performance anxiety is an example of a neurotic anxiety.
Performance anxiety is exceedingly common.
Performance anxiety is increased tenfold.
Performance anxiety is milder and specific to certain activities.
Performance anxiety is one of the most common causes of psychological impotence.
Performance appraisal focuses on measuring the past.
Performance appraisal has the potential to motivate employees and increase their productivity.
Performance appraisal has three main objectives.
Performance appraisal is a shared responsibility.
Performance appraisal is an integral part of a human resource and salary administration program.
Performance appraisal is an interpersonal communication process.
Performance appraisal is FOR improving performance.
Performance appraisal is on the up and up.
Performance appraisal is on-going and cognitive knowledge assessment occurs yearly.
Performance appraisal is the type of feedback that is the most structured.
Performance appraisal occurs on an annual cycle.
Performance appraisals are a great evaluation tool if used effectively.
Performance appraisals are an effective employee retention tool.
Performance appraisals are like stepping on the bathroom scale.
Performance appraisals are now standard practice in about half of UK organisations.
Performance appraisals are political documents .
Performance appraisals can also serve a variety of other functions.
Performance appraisals do more harm than good.
Performance appraisals have several purposes in an organization.
Performance appraisals help pinpoint problems with existing staff.
Performance appraisals reflect the importance of reaching new audiences.
Performance appraisals require at least two hours of management time prior to the employee meeting.
Every performance appraisal evaluates a designated rating period.
Some performance appraisals are better than others are.
Performance Art can be an immediate and overall conscious mode of expression.
Performance art continues to be a popular medium of expression.
Performance art employs the three dimensions of space and the fourth dimension of time.
Performance art exists along the edges of traditional forms of theater, music, and visual art.
Performance art is a combination of art and live performance based upon an idea or concept.
Performance art is a form of cultural critique.
Performance art is a personal interaction between art and the individual who created it.
Performance art is a postmodern form of primitive storytelling.
Performance art is a separate matter.
Performance art is featured as well.
Performance art is hard to dissect.
Performance art is like a live sculpture that exists for a limited amount of time.
Performance art is so different, acting is so different.
Performance art relies on strong psychological interaction between the performers and the audience.
Performance arts require tremendous preparation before performance.
Performance artists look so sad in captivity .
Performance athletes have breaks.
Performance attribution determines what factors have contributed to a portfolio return.
Performance attribution explains why an account had a given performance for a given period of time.
A performance bond is a bond
Performance bond is good for two years.
Performance bonds are common in the construction industry.
Performance cars cost more to insure than family sedans a lot more.
Performance curves are available upon request.
Performance effects are limited to short-term anaerobic activities.
Performance enhancements run the gamut from free software and online services to expensive hardware.
Many performance enhancements can breach the warranty that comes with any new motorcycle.
Some performance enhancements come with trade-offs.
Performance evaluation begins with the assessment of the sensor.
Performance evaluation can be complicated and conclusions are often subject to debate.
Performance evaluation can be oral, written, or both.
Performance evaluation continues with supervision.
Performance evaluation emphasizes self reflection and evaluation and professional development.
Performance evaluation includes product quality, delivery, service and technical support.
Performance evaluation includes the modeling of behavior in realistic measurement settings.
Performance evaluation is a difficult but important task.
Performance evaluation is a good starting point for a parent to evaluate a school.
Performance evaluation is an effective tool if it is properly utilized.
Performance evaluation is an important aspect of personnel administration and sound supervision.
Performance evaluation is an on-going process.
Performance evaluation is based on a beginning level of professional social work practice.
Performance evaluation is based upon agreed to criteria related to teaching, research and service.
Performance evaluation is based upon agreed-to criteria related to teaching, research, and service.
Performance evaluation is biased by personality conflict, etc.
Performance evaluation is carried out by the means of analythic methods, simulations and prototypes.
Performance evaluation is developed.
Performance evaluation is made on the basis of quality and quantity of work performed.
Performance evaluation is ubiquitous in the computer architecture community.
Performance evaluation needs to focus on continuous improvement.
Performance evaluation starts now.
Performance evaluation using real data is in progress.
Performance evaluations are a valuable tool in counseling employees.
Performance evaluations are confidential.
Performance evaluations are hard to write, and it's better to keep employees guessing anyway.
Performance evaluations are key to employer identification of training needs and opportunities.
Performance evaluations are now mandatory for all staff.
Performance evaluations are to personnel affairs what hand grenades are to infantry operations.
Performance evaluations can be a useful tool when seeking transfer, promotion, or reclassification.
Performance evaluations can establish solid and long-lasting self esteem.
Performance evaluations can upset an organization, and cause stress and fear.
Performance evaluations Develop a diversity component for performance evaluations.
Performance evaluations document how well the employee is meeting supervisor s expectations.
Performance evaluations extol the virtues of individual stars on our roster.
Performance evaluations focus on individuals.
Performance evaluations play a vital role in maintaining a healthy workforce.
Performance evaluations provide a formal way of doing it every year.
Performance evaluations provide a permanent written record of performance.
Performance evaluations tend to be a process that neither employees nor managers enjoy.
Most performance evaluation is top-down.
Performance fabrics are de rigeur.
Performance fee is used to offset costs of the production.
Performance fees are appropriate, if at all, where the adviser has substantial capital at risk.
Performance fees are available upon request.
Performance fees are negotiable and vary according to the type of program desired.
Performance gaps exist all over the country between certain groups of students.
Some performance gaps are quite easy to measure.
Performance improvement can take place in as little as three days.
Performance improvement involves doing today's job better.
Performance improvement is a required outcome.
Performance improvement is the central theme.
Performance improvement is verified by simulations.
Performance improvement offers tremendous economic benefit to the chemical industry.
Performance improvements are on the horizon.
Performance improvements can be large for specific operations, especially list operations.
Performance improvements can reduce costs and speed results.
Performance improvements make running project plans faster than ever before.
Performance improvements start to cost more and more to achieve smaller and smaller gains.
Performance indicators enable objective reporting from provider to purchaser.
Performance indicators guide activities and provide a framework for students to meet high standards.
Performance indicators ought to be identified early in the process.
Performance indicators provide the information.
Performance indicators reflect goals and imply standards for the healthcare system.
Performance indicators reflect the success or otherwise of plans.
Performance indicators related to the standards define desired levels of student achievement.
Performance indicators show that there have been several new members at both clubs.
Performance indicators sould take effectiveness into account.
Many performance indicators focus on activities.
Most performance indicators are consistent with the objectives and are easily understood.
Performance management addresses more than simply preparing performance appraisals.
Performance management assists managers to improve performance and to correct poor performance.
Performance management begins with understanding.
Performance management defines, quantifies and reports on the value IT provides to a business.
Performance management focuses on managing the future.
Performance management involves a series of processes designed to influence employee performance.
Performance management involves three main steps.
Performance management is a key tool for improving service and program performance.
Performance management is a key tool in employee motivation.
Performance management is a whole work system that begins when a job is defined as needed.
Performance management is about planning and communicating to get things done.
Performance management is based on a range of instruments.
Performance management is based on the budget law and government ordinances.
Performance management is designed to embed a culture of high performance and value for money.
Performance management is management by fact.
Performance management is the common means for conveying understanding of the task.
Performance management is the second largest segment.
Performance management is to ensure flexible management and client-centred service to the public.
Performance management redirects our efforts away from busyness toward effectiveness.
Performance management requires a cooperative effort between employees and supervisors.
Performance management requires a much wider management focus than just expenditure.
Performance management requires managers to manage people and work processes.
Performance management strengthens accountability and the effective use of resources.
Performance measures allow for more accurate assessment of resources needed to support activities.
Performance measures are a key methodology.
Performance measures are a new element in the biennial budget process for the State of Maine.
Performance measures are also critical to performance tracking.
Performance measures are an important component of the management and operating control system.
Performance measures are an important source of feedback for effective management.
Performance measures are clearly preferred to prescriptive regulations.
Performance measures are essential.
Performance measures are expensive and plagued with unresolved technical problems.
Performance measures are important drivers of success.
Performance measures are in all three bills.
Performance measures are indicators of how well the project's service delivery is working.
Performance measures are monthly sales to budget and satisfied customers.
Performance measures are practical and express progress in quantifiable terms.
Performance measures are simple, straight-forward and as easy to understand as possible.
Performance measures are useful inside and can be comparable outside.
Performance measures assess the extent to which goals and objectives are achieved.
Performance measures can help drive performance.
Performance measures continue to be a hot topic.
Performance measures create an unbiased way to rate performance.
Performance measures have two principal uses in Minnesota's county administered system.
Performance measures inform evaluative, planning, and policy decisions.
Performance measures inform the staff of customer needs and levels of satisfaction.
Performance measures justify the cost of collecting and retaining data.
Performance measures promote continuous improvement.
Performance measures provide a meaningful method of evaluating an entity's operations.
Performance measures provide an identifiable measure of the quality of the contractor's product.
Performance measures provide the basis to assess whether a project is working.
Performance measures relate to outcomes, outputs, third party outputs and administered items.
Performance measures seem to be still very much under discussion.
Performance measures track how well programs, agencies or service delivery systems are working.
Some performance measures are difficult to quantify.
Some performance measures are unclear or missing.
Some performance measures change significantly when credit card lenders are included.
Performance measurement begins when the leaders of an organization determine their strategic focus.
Performance measurement can be continuous or short term.
Performance measurement can be tricky.
Performance measurement encompasses an assessment of how effectively issues are reported.
Performance measurement forms the language of such a dialogue.
Performance measurement helps the teams and staff members focus on what is important.
Performance measurement is a powerful management tool.
Performance measurement is a type of evaluation that is used in many industries.
Performance measurement is an evolving, iterative challenge.
Performance measurement is an integral part of healthcare.
Performance measurement is central to good management and helps fulfil accountability requirements.
Performance measurement is critical to maintaining the budgeted cost of a project.
Performance measurement is crucial.
Performance measurement is essential for the investigation of patient groups.
Performance measurement is needed to determine whether results are achieved.
Performance measurement is now increasingly common in health care as well.
Performance measurement is of the results, outcomes, and efficiency of services or programmes.
Performance measurement is the linchpin of the value capture process.
Performance measurement is the process corporations use to determine how well they re doing.
Performance measurement is viewed as vital for successful implementation.
Performance measurement serves a number of external as well as internal agency purposes.
Performance measurements are subjective b.
Performance measurements serve as a powerful catalyst for change.
Performance measurements show that the method is efficient for practical applications.
Some performance measurements are available here .
Performance metric is query throughput.
Performance metrics based on team results facilitates cross-functional teaming.
Performance modeling is incorporated later to provide accurate performance analysis.
Most performance monitors run simple transactions from relatively few locations.
Some performance monitors tend to emphasize specific functions.
Performance poets guide the audience on a visceral level.
Performance poetry defies technology, defies modernization of time.
Performance poetry including poetry slam continues to be active.
Performance poetry is a fine excuse to get together, but so is a bowling league.
Performance poetry is an open and living meeting in our increasingly one-way cultural communication.
Performance practice improves performance skills.
Performance practice is emphasized in laboratory exercises.
Performance prediction is difficult.
Performance prediction is important for performance analysis of scalable parallel applications.
Performance prediction makes possible architecture adaptability.
Performance problems add up.
Performance problems are at the top of the list in the horse.
Performance problems are more likely to be caused by neglected maintenance than by operation.
Performance problems are the difference between what is wanted and what is given.
Performance problems make it difficult for the user to concentrate on the task at hand.
Many performance problems are a result of bad posture.
Many performance problems reach crisis proportions as a result of delay in dealing with anger.
Performance rating is Good.
Performance ratings are conservative, resulting in trouble free long life.
Performance ratings are due.
Performance ratings are excellent, high, moderate, low and unsatisfactory.
Performance ratings are subject to disclosure to the public.
Performance ratings build fear and leave people bitter, despondent, and beaten.
Performance ratings build fear, and leave people bitter, despondent and beaten.
Performance records are available for any animal on request.
Performance records are only meaningful when comparing animals raised under similar conditions.
Performance records give the best single indication of a stallion's breeding value.
Performance reports are at a high level.
Performance reports are available using a web browser, with a variety of user options.
Performance reports are due no later than the termination date.
Performance reports indicate time, gain, and objectives attained for individual students and groups.
Performance reports provide comparison against a number of indices.
Performance Reports provide valuable campaign insight by site, placement, and creative.
Performance reports take the summary form of an accreditation decision grid.
Performance research is used to make quality process improvements to the success models.
Performance reviews are a pain in the neck and they are time consuming.
Performance reviews are confidential.
Performance reviews are discussions lead by the supervisor regarding job performance of an employee.
Performance reviews can be easy.
Performance reviews can provide an opportunity for employees to assess the employer.
Performance reviews can provide managers with another way to motivate employees.
Performance reviews come four times a year and focus on setting expectations and establishing goals.
Performance reviews take place at regular intervals.
Performance rights are negotiable.
Performance rights are subject to availability and other restrictions.
Performance rights are subject to restriction and availability limitations.
Performance rights have a long history, too.
Performance simulation tests involves having job applicants simulate job activities.
Performance spaces host a steady stream of nationally known musicians and entertainers.
All performance spaces are accessible to people with disabilities.
All performance spaces are handicap accessible and there is hearing assistance at no charge.
Performance status is the single most powerful predictor outcome.
Performance studies are currently in progress.
Performance studies explores literary and cultural texts in performance.
Performance studies is an emerging discipline, and it is still evolving appropriate methodologies.
Performance studies transform thought into action, abstract into concrete, absence into presence.
Performance study culminates in the presentation of a recital.
Performance teams are a welcome support to schools provide meaningful and focused support.
Performance techniques can synchronize, offset or fragment harmo-rhythmicity.
Many performance techniques apply in any programming language.
Performance tests are still interesting, huge amounts of programming code, fun to read.
Performance tests are tasks that measure certain skills, like typing or entering computer data.
Performance tests measure compilation and execution speed and memory requirements.
Performance tests reveal that the server achieves very high disk efficiency.
Performance tests turn up big differences Some specific numbers from our tests.
Performance tests yield results.
Performance tests yield same results.
Most performance tests yield results.
Most performance tests yield same results.
Performance testing ensures lot to lot consistancy.
Performance testing includes indoor use, hanging baskets, window boxes and patio containers.
Performance testing involves having the patient lie in a supine position.
Performance testing is an emerging field that few seem to understand.
Performance testing is an option.
Performance testing is only important when performance becomes an issue.
Performance testing is rapid, involves no collection of specimens, and inexpensive.
Performance testing is the final stage.
Performance testing provides a benchmark of product efficiency.
Performance testing requires very rigorous test designs and extensive resources.
Performance tuning is always a hot topic with attendees.
Performance tuning is at once a science and an art.
Performance tuning is related to system planning.
Performance tuning is something that developers see as a critical part of checking in a feature.
Performance tuning takes place when the application completely runs.
Performance according to specifications is guaranteed for environments devoid of noise sources.
Performance affects modifiability.
Performance affects the quality and timeliness of the service to users.
Performance also counts, naturally.
Performance also is a major consideration.
Performance also is evaluated through internal control systems.
Performance also keeps getting better.
Performance also matters, but the emphasis is on the cost.
Performance also means any other visual representation exhibited before an audience.
Performance also plays a major part of most courses.
Performance also suffers because quad-precision operations rely on a software layer.
Performance also varies by location.
Performance also varies widely.
Performance analyses for all players appearing for selected country between dates.
Performance analyses of algorithms for checkpointing and restarting objects.
Performance appears to be about the same as stock.
Performance appears to be architecture-dependent.
Performance appraisals that emphasize the positive help build the reputation of the employer.
Performance are no longer available.
Performance are quite good for a first implementation.
Performance assessments political rhetoric and measurement reality.
Performance assumes an incomressible fluid flow.
Performance asymmetries in multifrequency coordination.
Performance based assessment is included.
Performance based curriculum and assessments stress the application of knowledge.
Performance based education parallels what employers are now demanding of workers.
Performance based education seeks to make what is learned in school useful in daily life.
Performance based employees are helpful employees.
Performance based funding is a mess.
Performance based is the way to go.
Performance based keyword search engine - advertisers choose their listing fee.
Performance based on back-testing is notoriously unreliable.
Performance based on training is recommended.
Performance Based Our internet marketing efforts are performance based .
Performance based requirements include vocational credits.
Performance based, students demonstrate required capabilities to achieve passing scores.
Performance becomes all important.
Performance becomes an issue when the number of concurrent users accessing the Web page increases.
Performance becomes worse under pressure.
Performance benchmarking facilitates strategic decision-making.
Performance benchmarks for graph-based algorithms.
Performance bonuses for early completion and minimized disruption.
Performance boosts for distributed messaging.
Performance bounds for orthogonal oriented two-dimensional packing algorithms.
Performance bounds on the splitting algorithm for binary testing .
Performance bounds on the splitting algorithm for binary testing.
Performance Bugs How to write useful performance bugs that lead to a faster lizard.
Performance builds a lasting reputation.
Performance can and does vary between individuals.
Performance can be a part of any graduate program.
Performance can be anything from a click to a sale.
Performance can be as good or better than the ferrite types.
Performance can be dynamically and simply re-configured with the press of a button.
Performance can be poor on lower-end systems that sometimes skimp on the less flashy components.
Performance can be slower because of calls to the server.
Performance can be sluggish depending on the complexity of the scene.
Performance can be substandard because it uses older copper network in many areas.
Performance can be up to ten times faster.
Performance can begin to lag as files on storage devices become fragmented.
Performance can mean many things.
Performance can range from very casual sharing sessions to the very formal concert setting.
Performance can really grind because of uber-complex queries.
Performance can start in one space but then move to another.
Performance can subsequently slip.
Performance can vary by well over two orders of magnitude.
Performance can vary from day to day or even from minute to minute.
Performance can vary hourly.
Performance can vary significantly between analog and digital modes.
Performance can vary significantly from day to day.
Performance can vary with different configurations.
Performance can vary.
Performance Casually show the hands empty and with the right hand reach into the container.
Performance Check the fund's total return .
Performance Check the fund's total return.
Performance combines music and comedy.
Performance comes from a dedicated and interested staff.
Performance comes from organization and focus.
Performance compares favorably withconventional double-balanced mixer.
Performance consistently falls below expectations.
Performance consistently meets established expectations, requirements or standards.
Performance constantly surpasses established expectations, requirements or standards.
Performance constitutes evaluation.
Performance contains adult themes and language.
Performance contains adult themes.
Performance contains nudity.
Performance continues to improve while different implementations proliferate.
Performance contours for tentative primary and secondary symbol streams before error correction.
Performance counts from the ground up.
Performance counts too.
Performance courses present dance concerts on campus and on tour.
Performance creates a one-sided intimacy that biography purports to round out.
Performance debugging in parallel programs and other topics such as data mining come up as well.
Performance declines in middle school and drops even lower in high school, however.
Performance decreases with added complexity.
Performance degrades as the CPU and disk speed decrease.
Performance degrades on case sensitive portions of the file system.
Performance degrades, however, the more applications that are opened at the same time.
Performance depends critically from the manufacturer.
Performance depends greatly on message traffic patterns.
Performance depends largely on primitive size.
Performance depends largely on the foods consumed during the days and weeks leading up to an event.
Performance depends on competitive factors.
Performance depends on conditions.
Performance depends on converting feed nutrients into milk.
Performance depends on develop skills.
Performance depends on environmental conditions.
Performance depends on factors.
Performance depends on many network factors, as well as the type of image cloned.
Performance depends on many things including motor and the stimulus.
Performance depends on numerous factors.
Performance depends on skills.
Performance depends on soil conditions.
Performance depends on temperature and relative humidity.
Performance depends on the application.
Performance depends on the nature of the solids being processed.
Performance depends on the strain of influenza.
Performance depends on trainee s motivation.
Performance depends upon daily calibration and regular maintenance.
Performance depends upon storage and access, both of which crucially involve attention.
Performance depends upon the particular design which is tailored to the needs of the customer.
Performance depends who designs the biofilter, and who operates it.
Performance directly affects costs in time, service, money, and valuables.
Performance discusses technologies available to boost the performance of sagging networks.
Performance does demand a price.
Performance drinks work and they work well.
Performance driven outsole provides exceptional traction on varied throwing surfaces.
Performance drives profit.
Performance drops off in direct proportion to the quantities taken.
Performance drops sharply for large numbers of nodes.
Performance drops, and no amount of adjustment in the workout schedule helps.
Performance drops, and weight increases.
Performance encompasses man's ability to perform in various aspects of life.
Performance enhancing drug goes awry.
Performance enhancing drugs are nothing new.
Performance exceeds basic expectations for the course.
Performance facilitates the spreading of ideas.
Performance falls short of the standards established for the job.
Performance Feel the danger and excitement of being in the driver's seat.
Performance generally improves with cooling.
Performance generally tracks the number of housing starts.
Performance goes far beyond 'good movement'.
Performance goes hand in hand with availability.
Performance guided by a crystal-clear vision leads to extraordinary breakthroughs.
Performance has a big question mark.
Performance has a price, though.
Performance has a price.
Performance has an incredible stock.
Performance has an opening and a satisfactory end.
Performance has capacity.
Performance has development.
Performance has discharge capacity.
Performance has more than one dimension.
Performance has Never Come Easier.
Performance has seperate numbers, but please mark C on photos.
Performance has to be judged by catboat standards and catboats do have their idiosyncrasies.
Performance has to be maximized in order to provide competitive solutions.
Performance heads the list, followed closely by maternal strength.
Performance holds up to and including the macro position.
Performance ideally becomes second-nature, and movement almost seems to accomplish itself.
Performance implies action.
Performance improvements Performance improvements for key operations.
Performance improvements throughout.
Performance improves and log files remain safe and available.
Performance improves by lowering cassette-screen temperature during exposure.
Performance improves dramatically because they own the plan.
Performance improves during the semester.
Performance improves for parallel creation of large indexes.
Performance improves if the data that is being traversed fits in the cache.
Performance improves in response to a difficult task.
Performance improves quite visibly as each training session is successfully negotiated.
Performance improves The United States has never had such a widespread disaster.
Performance improves when scrolling, zooming, moving selections, and compositing layers.
Performance improves with each additional processor.
Performance improves with increasing amounts of stress up to an optimum point.
Performance improves with more memory.
Performance improves with practice.
Performance improves, while both noise levels and fuel consumption are reduced.
Performance Includes accuracy, efficiency, and scalability.
Performance includes client, server network and application issues.
Performance includes good movement, solid and dependable and trainable disposition.
Performance includes robotic, mime, juggling, acting and physical comedy.
Performance includes sightreading, prepared performance, conducting, and improvisation.
Performance increases dramatically.
Performance increases proportionally with additional acceleration cards.
Performance intake manifold lets engine breathe easier.
Performance is a basic part of lecturing, especially in larger classes.
Performance is a bigger problem.
Performance is a byword.
Performance is a central theme of the film.
Performance is a client showcase, created to present the company's results.
Performance is a critical issue for most transformation use cases.
Performance is a critical requirement for communications applications.
Performance is a description of student success in interacting with instructional materials.
Performance is a direct result of design and construction.
Performance is a direct result of proper hybrid placement .
Performance is a dynamic process.
Performance is a form of interaction.
Performance is a fundamental differentiater in today's Web space.
Performance is a good example.
Performance is a hard thing to judge.
Performance is a huge factor.
Performance is a joint function of a student s native ability and motivation.
Performance is a joint function of a student's native ability and motivation.
Performance is a key criterion in the design, procurement, and use of computer systems.
Performance is a key factor.
Performance is a key feature to look for in a load balancer.
Performance is a key issue in designing LERs and LSRs.
Performance is a key to social interaction and the preservation of traditions.
Performance is a large and integral part of all programs.
Performance is a large and vital part of the training of the students in the Orchestra.
Performance is a little slow compared to similar types of databases.
Performance is a major concern for multicast security applications.
Performance is a measure of how well the design meets target specifications.
Performance is a measurement of risk and return.
Performance is a medium to long-term measure.
Performance is a mixed bag.
Performance is a natural attribute of cotton.
Performance is a natural outlet for a strong music program.
Performance is a necessity , halter is a luxury .
Performance is a primary product differentiator in the computer systems industry.
Performance is a product of genetics and environment.
Performance is a product of our running.
Performance is a quantitative measure characterizing a physical or functional attribute.
Performance is a show
Performance is a significant educational component of music study.
Performance is a slippery issue for Web servers, and the topic of some debate on the Internet.
Performance is a state of grace .
Performance is a stressful activity.
Performance is a system based on customization.
Performance is a training issue.
Performance is a universal word in sport.
Performance is a weighted sum of the resources expended on processing task-related information.
Performance is a whole different ballgame.
Performance is a widely misunderstood thing.
Performance is about a relationship with an audience.
Performance is about winning events of consequence .
Performance is above average, but still depends on system components.
Performance is above expectancy.
Performance is above or well above expectations.
Performance is above the international average.
Performance is accomplished and assessed.
Performance is accomplishment.
Performance is actions.
Performance is actually the main focus here.
Performance is adequate but at minimum acceptable level.
Performance is adequate overall, however.
Performance is adequate, but management features are fairly basic.
Performance is affected by load, hull condition and temperature.
Performance is akin to availability in e-business environments.
Performance is all that matters.
Performance is all that's valued.
Performance is almost twice as good now.
Performance is also a consideration.
Performance is also a general process characteristic.
Performance is also a major concern in Web-based applications.
Performance is also a tremendous concern with today's Web applications.
Performance is also good with low open circuit voltage power sources.
Performance is also good.
Performance is also important.
Performance is also silky smooth.
Performance is always a consideration.
Performance is always a focus item.
Performance is always an issue.
Performance is always important.
Performance is always part of the game.
Performance is always the bottom line.
Performance is always to be reported for a specified directory size class.
Performance is an act of faith.
Performance is an aspect which the government has totally ignored.
Performance is an important element of broadcast journalism.
Performance is an important factor to users since encryption can be time consuming.
Performance is an important issue, as it is intended to use the tutorial across the web.
Performance is an important link between morphology and fitness.
Performance is an important measure of self-respect.
Performance is an integral part of drama class.
Performance is an integral part of each student s musical education.
Performance is an integral part of each student's musical education.
Performance is an issue again .
Performance is an obvious concern for many users.
Performance is an option each semester.
Performance is an umbrella for a number criterion.
Performance is an underlying design driver for all parts of the workstation.
Performance is another concern.
Performance is another issue.
Performance is another point of differentiation.
Performance is another reason that drives translation.
Performance is another strong point.
Performance is another worry.
Performance is another.
Performance is anti-academic.
Performance is appraised by dependability and ability to learn and handle design assignments.
Performance is approximate, as no speed trials have been carried out.
Performance is approximately the same, but the ball-bearing fans add reliablity.
Performance is as good as it comes for homebrewed antennas.
Performance is assessed both on the written report and the oral defen s e of the work.
Performance is assessed by a combination of project work, coursework and dissertation.
Performance is assessed by observing raters.
Performance is assessed internally.
Performance is assessed on the basis of coursework and examination.
Performance is assessed periodically on project related standards.
Performance is assessed separately for each class, normally by written examination.
Performance is assessed through coursework and examinations at the end of each semester.
Performance is assessed through coursework and examinations at the end of teach semester.
Performance is assessed through coursework, with the end of course degree exams.
Performance is assessed using the plant and disturbance alignment angle.
Performance is associated with speed, quality, cost, and effectiveness.
Performance is assured as applications run on local system.
Performance is assured by the generous sail area in a tall, efficient rig.
Performance is at the contractor's Richardson, Texas, facility.
Performance is at the core of the course.
Performance is audited to determine progress in meeting targets.
Performance is automatic and flowing.
Performance is automatically fine-tuned for fast starts, rapid acceleration, and high power output.
Performance is based largely on bike handling skills and sprint speed.
Performance is based more on complexity and quality of the palm construction.
Performance is based on results obtained.
Performance is based on the company's general reserve performance.
Performance is based upon results achieved.
Performance is below average in one or more subject areas.
Performance is below average.
Performance is below that of suburban students, but higher than that of urban students.
Performance is best when arousal is low-moderate.
Performance is best when connected to a network, but can perform with a modem line.
Performance is best when the axis of symmetry is vertical.
Performance is best when the database and transaction server reside on the same machine.
Performance is better for children who are implanted when younger than age four.
Performance is better if each user has a unique hitlist table.
Performance is better once images have been cached in memory on the client machine.
Performance is better than a recording.
Performance is better than adequate, more on the order of sprightly.
Performance is better than for late binding.
Performance is better than the other drives too.
Performance is better when placing views.
Performance is better with the nearest filtering but the result can be jaggy.
Performance is better, too, with no belts or tapes to stretch or break, and no motor noise.
Performance is both individual and group.
Performance is capable of play.
Performance is captured by call blocking probability and average consumed energy.
Performance is checked by assignment completion.
Performance is checked to make sure any required combination of graphics executes flawlessly.
Performance is clearly an emotional issue.
Performance is clearly exceptional.
Performance is clearly unacceptable and corrective action is required.
Performance is communication with an audience.
Performance is comparable to the Fortran version.
Performance is compared before and after the DC burn-in.
Performance is compared to a recent stereo matching algorithm.
Performance is compared to non-equalized transmissions over a variety of multipath channels.
Performance is compared to that of other, more complicated models.
Performance is compared using collected measurements.
Performance is compromised for amenities.
Performance is considerably better for the other component, which does vibrational analysis.
Performance is considered to be the key to progress.
Performance is consistent and sustained or has improved over time.
Performance is consistent and sustained or improved over time.
Performance is consistently below established expectations, requirements or standards.
Performance is consistently weak.
Performance is contained in the pain of discipline.
Performance is continually above expectations in all areas.
Performance is controllable by each individual office.
Performance is critical because it's how the user perceives the application.
Performance is critical for a Web site's success.
Performance is critical in parallel computing.
Performance is critical.
Performance is crucial, and design affects performance.
Performance is currently highly platform dependent.
Performance is decent.
Performance is defined as the amount of work that the processor can do in a given period of time.
Performance is defined in terms of the user.
Performance is definitely better with a faster modem.
Performance is degraded.
Performance is described, and self-directed learning is part of the learning process.
Performance is designed into every model.
Performance is desired to support long-range planing or development.
Performance is determined by the time it takes to complete transactions.
Performance is determined primarily on participation, attendance, and homework.
Performance is diminished under cloudy skies or high wind.
Performance is directly proportional to score.
Performance is documented showing the results of various circuits.
Performance is down from the previous model.
Performance is down, morale is down, costs, chaos and conflict are up and time is running out.
Performance is due to logging and striping.
Performance is easier to measure.
Performance is ecstasy.
Performance is enhanced and endurance is prolonged by drinking sports drinks.
Performance is enhanced by a soft, replaceable triple brushroll and wide, non-tracking wheels.
Performance is enhanced by flexibility, strength and technique.
Performance is enhanced by multi-incentive conditions.
Performance is enhanced by optimizing movement potential.
Performance is enhanced by precomputing values or aggregations.
Performance is enhanced by the use of a faster processor, more memory, and disk caching.
Performance is enhanced by using nondeterminacy guided by insecure knowledge.
Performance is enhanced with an optimizing query processor.
Performance is equal or better than any other malt mill available.
Performance is equal to ability times motivation.
Performance is equal to epoxy counterparts and well within the bounds of application requirements.
Performance is equal to or better than detectors with conventional radioactive sources.
Performance is equaled while price point remains lower.
Performance is equally as impressive.
Performance is equivalent to a high end replacement window at less than half the cost.
Performance is equivalent.
Performance is erratic.
Performance is evaluated against benchmarks they select.
Performance is evaluated against legal requirements and company policy.
Performance is evaluated annually and salary increases are based upon individual progress.
Performance is evaluated at six months, one year and every year thereafter.
Performance is evaluated based upon results achieved.
Performance is evaluated based upon results obtained.
Performance is evaluated based upon technical proficiency, communication skills, and imagination.
Performance is evaluated by a committee of faculty members.
Performance is evaluated by a division administrator or deputy director based on results achieved.
Performance is evaluated by faculty and field supervisor.
Performance is evaluated by supervising veterinarian or adjunct instructor.
Performance is evaluated by the job site supervisor and the instructor.
Performance is evaluated by the quantity and quality of work.
Performance is evaluated by the teaching attending and the supervising resident.
Performance is evaluated by use of data from a thinning experiment in Norway spruce.
Performance is evaluated daily, with wards graded on behavior and participation.
Performance is evaluated during the first year on a regular basis.
Performance is evaluated for each field and zoom position.
Performance is evaluated from written reports and results achieved.
Performance is evaluated in writing annually by a supervisor.
Performance is evaluated on a departmental rather than an individual basis.
Performance is evaluated on attendance, class participation, examinations, and term papers.
Performance is evaluated on results achieved and through oral and written reports.
Performance is evaluated on the basis of reports submitted and results obtained.
Performance is evaluated on the basis of results achieved.
Performance is evaluated on the basis of results obtained.
Performance is evaluated on the basis of standards and results obtained.
Performance is evaluated on the quality and quantity of work accomplished.
Performance is evaluated on the quality and quantity of work produced.
Performance is evaluated periodically based on review of records and observation.
Performance is evaluated primarily through homeworks and projects.
Performance is evaluated through frequent observations and results obtained.
Performance is evaluated through observation, oral and written reports, and by results obtained.
Performance is evaluated through papers, presentations, and discussion.
Performance is evaluated through performance appraisals.
Performance is evaluated through personal observations and discussion.
Performance is evaluated through regular supervision sessions and a final annual appraisal.
Performance is evaluated through reports and results obtained.
Performance is evaluated through reports, conferences, and results achieved.
Performance is evaluated through review of results obtained.
Performance is evaluated through schools exams, and the main educational tool is the textbook.
Performance is evaluated through written reports, telephone and from complaints.
Performance is evaluated upon results.
Performance is everything from the surf fisherman s limited platform.
Performance is everything in a microphone.
Performance is everything on the Internet since a competitor's Web site is only a click away.
Performance is everything.
Performance is exactly what the photographs are about.
Performance is examined based on throughput, CPU utilization and response time.
Performance is examined in more detail in the long comment at the beginning of the patch.
Performance is excellent and it has nice luxury.
Performance is excellent in shade or full sun.
Performance is excellent on training set, poor to good on test set.
Performance is excellent, and the reliability is simply superb.
Performance is excellent, even on low-end computers.
Performance is excellent, with no noticeable delays in using either the chat or drawing functions.
Performance is excellent, with sub-second response times being typical.
Performance is excellent.
Performance is exceptional by cruising cat standards.
Performance is exceptional.
Performance is exceptionally good at low connection and network delivery speeds.
Performance is expressed as a percentage of the theoretical peak attainable for NCPU processors.
Performance is expressed through combat scenarios.
Performance is extremely good.
Performance is fair.
Performance is far above the defined job expectations.
Performance is fast and efficient for credit card verification, check guarantee and debit approval.
Performance is fine.
Performance is focused on accomplishing tasks to meet mission requirements.
Performance is focused, suitable, supported, logical, acceptable, minimal errors.
Performance is for the purpose of grading.
Performance is found to be significantly better than previous methods.
Performance is free.
Performance is fully consistent with the finest fixed-focal lenght eyepieces.
Performance is fully satisfacory.
Performance is fully satisfactory.
Performance is gained by splitting of functions.
Performance is gauged by net income and cash from operations.
Performance is generally better, too.
Performance is generally good across most industries.
Performance is generally less than satisfactory and requires improvement.
Performance is generally slow.
Performance is generally slower.
Performance is generally zippy.
Performance is given as a percentage of the peak system bandwidth exploited for each benchmark.
Performance is good and card's sound quality is good.
Performance is good and cost is low.
Performance is good overall.
Performance is good, though, with fast access times and CD read speed results.
Performance is good, too, so running applications directly from the drive is no problem.
Performance is good.
Performance is graded by faculty members or simulated patients using a checklist.
Performance is great and the script is very simple, but it's ridiculously easy to cheat.
Performance is great for even detailed games.
Performance is great too.
Performance is great with the longish wheelbase, low centre of gravity and good grip in the tyres.
Performance is great, amazingly adaptive, and thoroughly refreshing.
Performance is great, too.
Performance is great.
Performance is guaranteed for one full year.
Performance is guaranteed to meet USP suitability criteria, as indicated by the examples shown here.
Performance is guaranteed.
Performance is guided by the faculty instructor for the course.
Performance is hard to achieve and requires programming time and programmer expertise.
Performance is hard to scale up to large number of processors.
Performance is held in high esteem in American culture.
Performance is high on all points of sail due to an efficient underbody and sail plan.
Performance is high yet labor costs are controlled.
Performance is higher since the components switch quickly , consuming little power .
Performance is higher since the components switch quickly, consuming little power.
Performance is highly competent and consistent.
Performance is highly dependent on the aspect ratio of the faces in the input images.
Performance is highly dependent upon the amount of RAM and memory available.
Performance is identified as an area where the potential exists for the politicising of gender.
Performance is important.
Performance is impressive and X-platform.
Performance is impressive for such a small printer.
Performance is impressive.
Performance is improved and network overhead is decreased.
Performance is improved by balancing the cached Web request load across multiple servers.
Performance is improved by rendering only pixels seen on the monitor.
Performance is improved for multimedia, database, and entertainment CDs.
Performance is improved still more by another frame buffer architectural feature.
Performance is improved.
Performance is in fact a measurement of risk and return.
Performance is in the center of the bull's eye.
Performance is in the synapses, or the connections between a person's brain cells.
Performance is included with museum admission.
Performance is inconsistent, particularly for slow modems.
Performance is increased for functions such as the speed in which documents are launched.
Performance is increased for Internet servers, e-mail servers, graphics and financial applications.
Performance is increased significantly.
Performance is influenced by many factors.
Performance is influenced by market volatility over time.
Performance is inherently better in user-level threads.
Performance is irrelevant.
Performance is judged by developmental level rather than grade level.
Performance is judged by the overall quality of the above activities.
Performance is judged in terms of results and problems solved.
Performance is judged on the basis of development of the appropriate skills.
Performance is judged on use of language skills and on weekly test results.
Performance is judged over time, and progress towards goals is emphasized.
Performance is just as impressive.
Performance is just one aspect of the scouting equation.
Performance is just one of the many key features realized by using an electronic crossover.
Performance is key to the success of a site.
Performance is less than a good job.
Performance is less than adequate.
Performance is less than good.
Performance is life.
Performance is lightning-fast.
Performance is like a strip tease.
Performance is likely to be extremely slow.
Performance is likely to be slow.
Performance is likely to bring the only satisfaction.
Performance is limited by poor maintenance of the systems.
Performance is limited by the bandwidth of the memory bus.
Performance is limited only by the availability of parallelism and system resources.
Performance is linear in length of document.
Performance is linear in number of queries.
Performance is linear with respect to the number of nodes in the cluster.
Performance is linear, independent of the number of constraints applied.
Performance is lives.
Performance is located in circus.
Performance is located in commercials.
Performance is located in concert halls.
Performance is located in movies.
Performance is located in play.
Performance is located in Seattle.
Performance is located in shows.
Performance is located in theatres.
Performance is logarithmic with vocabulary size.
Performance is low.
Performance is mainly an issue where the frame buffer can be used instead of X windows.
Performance is maintained as the system grows.
Performance is maximized by allowing more instructions to be executed in less cycles.
Performance is measured after grades are posted for the fall and spring semesters.
Performance is measured against all supplier invoices paid.
Performance is measured against customers' standards, with the goal to exceed their expectations.
Performance is measured against the objectives of the federal award.
Performance is measured and clearly attached to a reward.
Performance is measured as percent correct.
Performance is measured as the number of places finished relative to one's seeding in the division.
Performance is measured as the percent of items for which the institution reports compliance.
Performance is measured at an aggregate level.
Performance is measured by driver, dock, area and other benchmarks.
Performance is measured by means of individual and group assignments and examinations.
Performance is measured by means of individual and group assignments and open-book examinations.
Performance is measured by screening a small database of molecules to a variety of targets.
Performance is measured by the book yield on the portfolio at any given time.
Performance is measured in terms of outputs and outcomes.
Performance is measured in terms of traits and behaviors as well as goal achievement.
Performance is measured individually as student's progress through the essential skills.
Performance is measured on the basis of established objectives and results achieved.
Performance is measured separately for gifts, grants and contracts, scholarships, and capital funds.
Performance is measured via the Web.
Performance is measured.
Performance is minimal, lacking key components, filled with errors, poorly organized.
Performance is monitored and managed by results rather than by traditional observations.
Performance is monitored and reviewed regularly for effectiveness in meeting specific expectations.
Performance is monitored during operation by on-screen indicators .
Performance is monitored on a number of parallel platforms.
Performance is monitored through annual reports and a process of second and fifth year reviews.
Performance is more accurate and consistent across a range of skills.
Performance is more important today than ever.
Performance is more than durability.
Performance is most appropriate for elementary school children.
Performance is most important when servers or entire networks are being Backed-up or restored.
Performance is much better.
Performance is much improved, especially on the hills.
Performance is much improved.
Performance is much like a well sailed dinghy.
Performance is much slower than competitors, however.
Performance is multidimensional and hard to quantify.
Performance is naturally a concern here, which seems acceptable.
Performance is neat.
Performance is neither good nor poor until operational goals are defined.
Performance is net of management fees and commissions.
Performance is no better than it was four years ago.
Performance is no longer a bottleneck.
Performance is no longer a driving force.
Performance is non-meritorious.
Performance is nothing less than astounding.
Performance is observed by a clinical faculty member and taped.
Performance is obtained by paral fatman Server of a mathematics professor.
Performance is obviously an important consideration.
Performance is often a key factor when selecting a processor for an embedded application.
Performance is okay, especially at modest speeds.
Performance is on a par with cable modem.
Performance is on par with native java code.
Performance is one aspect here.
Performance is one factor that is often overrated as far as business use is concerned.
Performance is one of the first things prospective customers ask about.
Performance is one of the many factors in their evaluation.
Performance is one side.
Performance is only adequate, however.
Performance is only down slightly with the less aggressive rpms and tune.
Performance is only one aspect of an enterprise purchasing decision.
Performance is only one aspect.
Performance is open to the public.
Performance is open-ended with feedback targeted to each learner's specific difficulties.
Performance is optimized and changes are easily made.
Performance is optimized by avoiding costly layers.
Performance is optimized through the use of a spatial index and a two-tiered query model.
Performance is optimized when a resource is mastered locally.
Performance is optional.
Performance is otherwise unchanged.
Performance is our second goal.
Performance is outstanding, and superior to international standards.
Performance is outstanding, as a general rule.
Performance is outstanding.
Performance is over, time for some sunny Orlando liberty.
Performance is part African life.
Performance is passable but lacks depth in terms of knowledge of task and materials.
Performance is passed off by the classroom teacher.
Performance is perfect.
Performance is personal.
Performance is poor and short lived.
Performance is poor if they connect at all.
Performance is poor.
Performance is predictable, with no environmental problems.
Performance is presentation.
Performance is pretty bad also.
Performance is pretty bad, especially when several applications are open at once.
Performance is pretty darn good.
Performance is pretty decent too.
Performance is pretty good other than that, and the game runs very well.
Performance is primarily a factor of variables other than SCSI protocol.
Performance is primarily a question of weight and sail area.
Performance is probably also very poor.
Performance is probably the more general way of saying it .
Performance is progress in reaching the mission of microfinance.
Performance is proportional to the size of the interleaver.
Performance is quick and strong, all the way up through the revs.
Performance is quick, even with large or complex images.
Performance is quirky.
Performance is quite good and acceleration seems relatively unaffected by a partial load.
Performance is quite good for an econobox commuter.
Performance is quite impressive.
Performance is quite reasonable considering the simplicity of design.
Performance is quite remarkable.
Performance is race proven.
Performance is really a product feature - sometimes it's the most important feature.
Performance is recommended if the student has already arrived at a high level of proficiency.
Performance is recorded as a series of reaction times.
Performance is reduced if plant residues are on soil surface.
Performance is reduced with excessive plant residues on soil surface.
Performance is relative.
Performance is reported by agencies and monitored by the budget offices on a frequent basis.
Performance is reported in units of items per second.
Performance is reported in units of timesteps per second.
Performance is reported to range from acceptable to very good.
Performance is represented in percent.
Performance is required as a necessary demonstration of the skills learned in class.
Performance is required of all music majors.
Performance is required to maintain either cash flow or operations.
Performance is required to maintain records for legal, accounting or tax purposes.
Performance is required.
Performance is respectable.
Performance is reviewed at the end of each trimester.
Performance is reviewed cyclically, too, but the process is very informal.
Performance is reviewed each semester.
Performance is reviewed every six months with commensurate salary increase.
Performance is reviewed in terms of results achieved and objectives met.
Performance is reviewed on a regular basis during rating periods.
Performance is reviewed periodically through conferences and written reports.
Performance is reviewed six-monthly.
Performance is sacrificed.
Performance is satisfactory and meets minimum expectations.
Performance is satisfactory in all cases.
Performance is scalable and depends on the power and configuration of the workstation.
Performance is second place on average, with quite good speed on nearly sorted array.
Performance is secondary to problems . . .
Performance is seen as an ongoing process, rather than a one-time, shapshot event.
Performance is sensitive to where and how the prefetches are inserted.
Performance is shown qualitatively and quantitatively.
Performance is shows.
Performance is significantly above expectations.
Performance is significantly better than last year.
Performance is significantly better than that of the general algebraic method.
Performance is significantly better, particularly under heavy loads.
Performance is similar to each of the free-standing versions of the modules.
Performance is similar to Hash.
Performance is similar.
Performance is simplistic, has errors, disorganized, poorly developed, lacks coherence.
Performance is size, shape, and content specific.
Performance is slightly below average expectations at the graduate level.
Performance is slow.
Performance is sluggish on even the fastest systems and screen output is unpredictable.
Performance is smooth and accurate to allow single pixel control.
Performance is smooth as silk all the way.
Performance is solid and demonstrates a competent level of skill.
Performance is solid in chemicals for semiconductor makers.
Performance is some kind of evaluation of behavior judged against a standard.
Performance is something that can be very subjective.
Performance is something to be desired.
Performance is sometimes better when heavy- weight barleys are fed than lightweight barleys.
Performance is sometimes hard to measure.
Performance is somewhat below average overall but mixed across topics.
Performance is somewhere between a turboprop and a turbofan.
Performance is stacked up relative to memory.
Performance is steady and reliable.
Performance is stellar.
Performance is still an issue but for different reasons than five years ago.
Performance is still good and it's a little harder to cheat, but still possible.
Performance is strictly voluntary.
Performance is strong and demonstrates a high level of skill.
Performance is substantially worse than that obtained using Bayesian training.
Performance is superior and demonstrates an extraordinary level of skill.
Performance is termed competent , but there are notable deficiencies as a teacher.
Performance is the ability of a rod to work effectively under a wide range of fishing conditions.
Performance is the ability to actually produce language.
Performance is the actual expression of the behavior that is learned.
Performance is the actual utterance of particular sentences.
Performance is the average number of CPU cycles per stream access for each benchmark.
Performance is the best means of publicity.
Performance is the big issue in technology.
Performance is the biggest issue.
Performance is the bottom line, but view performance in relative terms.
Performance is the completion of assigned tasks.
Performance is the conceit.
Performance is the constant.
Performance is the definitive factor in measuring real-time critical software.
Performance is the demonstration of such knowledge or skill after it has been acquired.
Performance is the determining factor.
Performance is the discovery of things as they happen at that moment for the first time.
Performance is the experience customers have with our brand.
Performance is the finale of the choir's concert tour in Colorado.
Performance is the focus.
Performance is the fulfillment of a contractual obligation.
Performance is the great red herring.
Performance is the heart and soul of any musician .
Performance is the hot antidote to the chill delirium of the information age.
Performance is the key as mastery is demonstrated through a full range of activities.
Performance is the key for an excellent reputation among other models of compact fluorescent lamps.
Performance is the key issue.
Performance is the key to making diversity a core organizational process.
Performance is the key.
Performance is the last day of class.
Performance is the major advantage of FPGAs over conventional processors.
Performance is the major reason for going to a switched network design.
Performance is the manner in which the student applies content.
Performance is the only criteria.
Performance is the only iffy part of the game.
Performance is the only measure of success.
Performance is the only measuring stick.
Performance is the only thing that matters.
Performance is the only way to terminate a contractual relationship.
Performance is the operative word when discussing a modern tune-up.
Performance is the other big technical issue.
Performance is the other major motivation for replication.
Performance is the passport to the future.
Performance is the perfect expression and transcends every other.
Performance is the primary basis for all staff salary increases.
Performance is the product of ability multiplied by motivation.
Performance is the real focus.
Performance is the result of having right amount of energy.
Performance is the same using either method.
Performance is the single most influential product requirement when companies buy SANs.
Performance is the ultimate test of an organization.
Performance is the vital expression of a musician's life.
Performance is thus a bit more consistent round the clock.
Performance is tied to connections.
Performance is tied with the revenues derived from assets under management.
Performance is to shabby either.
Performance is top notch.
Performance is top-notch, battery life is over two hours, and the overall usability is excellent.
Performance is tracked and there is a notification process for all incidents.
Performance is tracked with total integrity.
Performance is truly excellent considering the age and relatively low cost.
Performance is two singers to a part, with slightly different ensemble in each mass.
Performance is unacceptable.
Performance is unaudited and subject to change.
Performance is unavoidably jerky.
Performance is under a tent, with audience extending onto the lawn, which is a natural amphitheatre.
Performance is unmatched.
Performance is unpredictable.
Performance is unquestionably at the highest level.
Performance is unreal.
Performance is up, but support is down.
Performance is used for art.
Performance is used for business.
Performance is used for entertainment.
Performance is used for fun.
Performance is usually bad.
Performance is usually better if people know explicitly what the time limits are.
Performance is very adequate.
Performance is very fighter-like.
Performance is very good and above normal expectations.
Performance is very good even with cooked files rather than raw disks.
Performance is very good, and it's a very versatile unit.
Performance is very good.
Performance is very important in looking at seismic data.
Performance is very specific to the data distribution of the table data.
Performance is viewed here as car health .
Performance is virtually indistinguishable.
Performance is weak at times.
Performance is welll-timed.
Performance is what counts in the end.
Performance is what counts.
Performance is what the employer needs to focus on by thinking on behalf of the company.
Performance is what the magician does while performing.
Performance is whatever is being assessed at one time.
Performance is work divided by time and performance is tested.
Performance is worst in high-poverty urban schools, where the majority of students are poor.
Performance is, for indigenous cultures, a primary and integrated holder of collective memory.
Performance is, of course, a relative thing.
Performance is, therefore, falling.
Performance isa event.
Performance leads to results.
Performance leave allows an employee to earn extra time off instead of extra pay.
Performance leaves super wanting as well.
Performance lies at the heart of the program.
Performance lining with fast moisture-wicking action keeps the foot dry and comfortable.
Performance lists various ways to optimize calculations.
Performance looks good.
Performance matches that of a regular automobile.
Performance matches that of ets even on relatively small objects.
Performance matters to listeners.
Performance means any play, motion picture, dance or other exhibition performed before an audience.
Performance means different things to users and to webmasters.
Performance means doing best in a given application.
Performance means everybody wins.
Performance means more than the fastest, brightest, smallest, lightest.
Performance means one thing - delivering superior results for our clients.
Performance means providing products that work today, last tomorrow, and evolve into the future.
Performance means service, price and delivery.
Performance measures A more precise measure than indicators.
Performance measures the delay introduced by the addition of the firewall.
Performance meets basic expectations for the course.
Performance meets job requirements or better.
Performance meets job requirements.
Performance meets style.
Performance meets the defined job expectations and in many instances, exceeds job expectations.
Performance meets the defined job expectations.
Performance meets, or exceeds, written performance standards.
Performance needs to be considered.
Performance needs to be evaluated when the cultivar is grown in a mixed plant community.
Performance needs to be evaluated without making it a disincentive.
Performance needs to be identified for several reasons.
Performance needs to be improved.
Performance needs to be measured against objectives.
Performance needs to improve in high school reading and mathematics.
Performance needs to improve.
Performance Now is easy to use and customize.
Performance Now let's take a look at some diagrams.
Performance Now provides different forms for different employee groups.
Performance obtain the highest scores in class.
Performance obtain the highest scores in the class.
Performance offers extra protection against glare and harmful ultraviolet rays.
Performance only follows if benefit is derived.
Performance optima occur when physiological rates and metabolic efficiency are both maximized.
Performance optimized reference design kits are available .
Performance oriented compression Compression means time for calculation.
Performance plays a big, though sometimes passive, role.
Performance provides an avenue for thinking about the big picture and communicating it to students.
Performance quoted is as of the close of markets on the last business day of the previous month.
Performance quoted is presumably for the machine when cold.
Performance races the engine as an accountability to the lines the part spells out.
Performance ranges from almost unusable to marginal.
Performance really can enhance, deflate or neutralize a song's meaning.
Performance refers to partipation, cooperation, effectiveness, etc. as a member of a group.
Performance refers to speed, parallel processing, quality and efficiency.
Performance reflects success of growth and quality initiatives.
Performance regarding convergence and misadjustment are equivalent.
Performance related stress can harm work, athletic and other performance.
Performance relies on applications.
Performance remains a goal, but safety and strength are paramount.
Performance remains the traditional benchmark at Rhoads.
Performance remains uneven, however, across sectors.
Performance Remanufactured furniture is reassembled to look and perform like new.
Performance replaces role-playing.
Performance reports A bar chart displays trail performance data in an easy to use manner.
Performance reports for the decisions which are frozen from the simulation.
Performance reports from fellowship award recipients at the end of each award period.
Performance reports on inventory items.
Performance reports on mutual funds and investment companies.
Performance reports, if any annual payments are made in advance of performance.
Performance represented above is achieved under optimum conditions for the parameter being tested.
Performance represents an essential part of a student's musical growth.
Performance requires a high degree of supervision.
Performance requires a working understanding of technical engineering methods and practices.
Performance requires accountability, impartiality, teamwork, and timeliness.
Performance requires all joints be aIr tight.
Performance requires clear focus and narrow concentration.
Performance requires health.
Performance requires network measurement and monitoring, and time synchronization.
Performance requires normal degree of supervision.
Performance requires rigorous training, which places physical and mental demands on the human body.
Performance requires somewhat more than normal degree of direction and supervision.
Performance requires the coordination of more variables than competence.
Performance reserves the right to modify the scheduling of the contest without notice.
Performance results for all composites include trading costs.
Performance results on different computer platforms.
Performance results on large multi-extension FITS files.
Performance reviews on line - criteria and benchmarks accessible.
Performance rigging equipment, like all machinery, requires inspection and maintenance.
Performance rivals exotic control valves but at much lower cost.
Performance rivals that of a compact disc.
Performance Safely operate metal machining equipment.
Performance scales linearly with the number of server nodes and ethernet connections.
Performance See how our Funds are performing as of the most recent quarter-end.
Performance See the accompanying table.
Performance seems much better now.
Performance seems normal and other activites get CPU time when they request it.
Performance seems to be a real home run.
Performance seems to be one of the variables.
Performance seems to be, as the saying goes, unclear on the concept.
Performance seems zippier.
Performance shown here is the annual effective credited rate for the period shown.
Performance shown reflects the effects of an expense reimbursement, which improved results.
Performance slips, and impatient investors and boards pull the plug.
Performance slows down when the cache fills up.
Performance slows when a fast adapter sends data to a slow one.
Performance slows with large cookbooks due to processing the indexes.
Performance speaks for itself.
Performance starts at the top.
Performance starts from the inside out.
Performance starts with the performer.
Performance suffers and failure ensues.
Performance suffers and job-hunting begins.
Performance suffers as more people are connected.
Performance suffers until a master merge happens.
Performance suffers with slower fan.
Performance suffers, and maintenance costs are elevated.
Performance supports in constructivism.
Performance takes a wide range of forms, including theatre, music and drama.
Performance takes place in a classroom or similar place devoted to instruction.
Performance takes places.
Performance tends to be good as well.
Performance tends to be variable depending on conditions in grain markets and exchange market.
Performance tends to slip, particularly as the organization becomes fatigued and cynical.
Performance then looks fast and energetic.
Performance then suffers, sometimes badly.
Performance There are many ways to measure workers' performance.
Performance There are several measures of a modem'sperformance.
Performance There are two parts to the audition.
Performance There are usually several ways to solve any programming problem.
Performance There seems to be a lot of discussion about performance measurement.
Performance tradeoffs for client-server query processing.
Performance tuning any system never ends.
Performance Tuning Small details can jeopardize speed and reliability.
Performance tweaks for vstafs.
Performance typically drives sales with sector funds.
Performance used by permission of the band, song is public domain.
Performance varies according to the type of data and the size of the data blocks being encoded.
Performance varies among graphics cards .
Performance varies based on the application and circumstances.
Performance varies based on type of course.
Performance varies depending on the connection, but it is always fast.
Performance varies due to differences in average daily gain and feed conversions.
Performance varies due to differences in average daily gain.
Performance varies from publisher to publisher.
Performance varies from singer to singer, audience to audience.
Performance varies greatly with the resin system probably being the most important factor.
Performance varies up and down without important cause.
Performance varies widely from campus to campus.
Performance varies with processor power.
Performance varies with the situation.
Performance varies, but all Low-E glass performs better than standard insulated glass.
Performance verses perfection.
Performance View our performance statistics.
Performance When installing software on a firewall, a high performance solution is required.
Performance Zoning An alternative to zoning by neighborhood associations is performance zoning .
Performances actively engage students by providing playalong opportunities.
Performances also are pretty good.
Performances also feature many special guests.
Performances also occur during funerals and for purposes of entertainment.
Performances are a unique blend of comedy and drama, movement and music, and poetry and song.
Performances are a visible and accessible part of the curriculum and work.
Performances are accessible to the handicapped.
Performances are age-oriented and are available in English, Spanish or both.
Performances are all first rate.
Performances are also a problem.
Performances are also on video.
Performances are always formal affairs, and well attended.
Performances are an important part of the program.
Performances are an integral part of a child's music education.
Performances are an integral part of all music programs.
Performances are an offshoot.
Performances are appropriate for ages as noted.
Performances are approximately one hour in length.
Performances are approximately one hour long.
Performances are ardent and sincere.
Performances are at men's and women's basketball games as well as at hockey games.
Performances are at several Portland theatres.
Performances are at the theater at the address above.
Performances are available for a variety of applications and timeframes.
Performances are available for private parties and functions.
Performances are available for weddings, receptions and more.
Performances are available in any duration.
Performances are available to special organizations serving the needy and disabled.
Performances are available.
Performances are beautifully detailed and the lyrics mined for every nuance.
Performances are both hilarious and provocative.
Performances are both on and off campus.
Performances are competent, in terms of their interpersonal actions and displays of passion.
Performances are culminations of many hours of work and serve to complete the learning process.
Performances are delicate.
Performances are either once or twice a semester.
Performances are excellent.
Performances are fantastic all around.
Performances are fast-paced and fun, each lasting approximately one hour.
Performances are first rate.
Performances are five nights a week.
Performances are for both deaf and hearing audiences.
Performances are free and open to the general public.
Performances are free and open to the public.
Performances are FREE and open to the public.
Performances are free and outdoors.
Performances are free but reservations are required.
Performances are free of charge and open to the public.
Performances are free of charge, open to the public.
Performances are free to Centenary faculty, staff, and students.
Performances are free to the public, but tickets are required for covered seating.
Performances are free to the public.
Performances are free to the residents.
Performances are free with fair admission.
Performances are free, but reservatins are required.
Performances are free, public and as dependable as every seventh day.
Performances are free.
Performances are from Memorial Day to Labor Day.
Performances are full-throttle and the recording makes the most of it all.
Performances are general admission seating.
Performances are hard to come by, and all too often under-rehearsed.
Performances are important for musicians, even student musicians.
Performances are in communities and churches on the educational region as well as on campus.
Performances are in Philadelphia unless otherwise indicated.
Performances are in quartets, quintets, and other small groupings.
Performances are in reverse order of lineup.
Performances are in various cities in the general area.
Performances are in Yiddish with simultaneous English and Russian translation.
Performances are inconsequential.
Performances are inconsistent.
Performances are inherently participatory and related to contemporary curriculum topics.
Performances are interactive with the audience and feature popular poetry and literature.
Performances are later on weekends.
Performances are limited to nondramatic literary or musical works.
Performances are limited.
Performances are lively and heart-felt.
Performances are much more about letting loose, and just going for broke.
Performances are nightly except Wednesdays.
Performances are nightly with two matin es weekly for children.
Performances are of high caliber, the keyboard and guitar music sound great.
Performances are often for charity, with a fee schedule based on length of performance and location.
Performances are on and off campus.
Performances are one and one half hours of pure fun.
Performances are open to all.
Performances are open to schools, community organizations and groups.
Performances are open to the campus community and the general public.
Performances are open to the general public and students alike.
Performances are open to the public and many are free.
Performances are open to the public at no charge.
Performances are open to the public, and everyone is invited to attend.
Performances are open to the public, free of charge.
Performances are open to the public.
Performances are outdoors in Central Park.
Performances are outside under a tent.
Performances are part of class and attendance is obligatory.
Performances are periodically throughout the year.
Performances are possible if workshops and master classes are a major part of the schedule.
Performances are pretty solid, especially considering the genre and time of filming.
Performances are primarily on campus in both chapel and concert settings.
Performances are quite fine, utterly sympathetic to the many styles contained within the collection.
Performances are required activities.
Performances are slipshod, perhaps sightread, disspiritedly conducted.
Performances are sometimes in conjunction with dance, theatre and other music presentations.
Performances are strong and accurate.
Performances are strong and engaging.
Performances are subject to change.
Performances are suitable for all ages.
Performances are the culmination of many hours of work and serve to complete the learning process.
Performances are the final product of many weeks and sometimes months of preparation.
Performances are the only saving grace of The Virgin Suicides .
Performances are the outcome of the creative process.
Performances are throughout the year, but concentrate in the spring semester.
Performances are Thursdays through Saturdays.
Performances are unforgettable stage shows, more than just musical performances.
Performances are uniformly excellent, if understated.
Performances are uniformly superb and often enhanced by imaginative or comic touches.
Performances are usually free.
Performances are usually in Ukrainian or Russian.
Performances are usually on the weekends.
Performances are usually one night events.
Performances are varied.
Performances are very strong throughout.
Performances are vibrant, full of strong emotion.
Performances are weather-permitting.
Performances are Wed.-Sat.
Performances are weekend evenings, plus some matinees and weekday performances.
Performances are well-defined all around.
Performances are well-recorded.
Performances are wonderful across the board in Blow .
Performances are year round.
Performances attract both young and old.
Performances begin at noon, and visitors are encouraged to bring lawn chairs or blankets.
Performances begin at scheduled times.
Performances begin for some groups.
Performances begin on time.
Performances begin promptly at specified times.
Performances begin promptly at the advertised time.
Performances begin promptly at the advertised times.
Performances begin promptly.
Performances begin with hymns to the deities.
Performances can be as short as ten minutes or as long as one hour.
Performances can be ballet, tap, jazz, novelty or modern dance routines.
Performances can be custom tailored for any group.
Performances can be from a full two hour show to a brief ten minute singout.
Performances can be good or bad, what matters is the respect and admiration the cricketers command.
Performances can be in motion in parade or on a stage.
Performances can be short or long.
Performances can be very emotionally intense.
Performances can create a bridge from the present to the musical world of the past.
Performances can include folk songs and dances, court dance, classical, ancient and modern music.
Performances can include various levels of audience participation and even dance workshops.
Performances can range from International productions to one person shows.
Performances can range from tap to reggae to modern styles of dance.
Performances can take many different forms.
Performances can unleash powerful emotions.
Performances catch in the throat, almost too perfect to bear.
Performances center around respect for self and others and responsibility for one's own actions.
Performances change frequently.
Performances combine arts, education, and entertainment.
Performances come with Chinese and English surtitles.
Performances commence promptly and latecomers maybe refused entry.
Performances conclude the camp.
Performances consist of amusing combinations of comedy and object manipulation.
Performances consist of music, poetry, prose, storytelling and ritual.
Performances consist of singing, poetry, music, dance, and gesture.
Performances constitute the final exam in choir.
Performances continue during light rain so dress suitably.
Performances continue each day of the week.
Performances continue for several weeks.
Performances continue through next weekend.
Performances continue throughout the spring.
Performances count twice what papers count.
Performances definitely increase sales.
Performances depend a great deal on the participation of the audience.
Performances differ every night and include poetry, dance, storytelling, comedy and performance art.
Performances do abound all over the town.
Performances do begin promptly.
Performances do sometimes sell out or are booked by groups.
Performances draw large crowds from throughout South Florida.
Performances emphasize democratization.
Performances emphasize popular music, choreography, skits, etc.
Performances end with a display of fireworks.
Performances end with a mangalam , an invocation for the welfare of the world.
Performances fail where they forget their own histories of discontinuity and disappearance.
Performances falter rhythmically and in pitch most likely at the beginning of a new section.
Performances feature both amateur, student, community, and professional musicians.
Performances feature equestrian demonstrations, jousting, and medieval combat.
Performances feature jazz, gospel, blues and Caribbean music, dance and drama.
Performances feature students, staff and faculty.
Performances feature trumpet, clarinet, or trombone in trios or quartets.
Performances follow each section as demonstrations.
Performances generally occur the night after the opening of a regular A.C.T. production.
Performances generally start on time.
Performances generally take place only on selected days within the season.
Performances have full orchestral accompaniment and are held in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances highlight the rich culture and history of the communities surrounding Central Park.
Performances involve both singing and dancing.
Performances is a listing of our show schedule.
Performances is given during the summer.
Performances last approximately one hour and thirty minutes.
Performances last one hour and a half with sporadic translations flashed on an electronic signboard.
Performances last up to five hours, including intervals.
Performances lead naturally to exciting workshops for audiences of every age group.
Performances leave nothing to be desired.
Performances listed here in bold italic letters are wtih the whole band.
Performances move audiences to participate in an unprecedented manner.
Performances normally last around two hours.
Performances now show young genius breaking the mold.
Performances occur on and off campus throughout the year.
Performances occur throughout the year with an average of four planned.
Performances occur twice a year.
Performances occur year-round both on and off campus.
Performances offer great variety from street theater to live comedy.
Performances offstage rather than on stage is the main idea here.
Performances operate as a junction for musical, visual, and social ideas.
Performances originate from Iran, Turkey, Lebanon and more.
Performances rain or shine.
Performances range from a solo harpist or chamber orchestra to a dance band or full concert band.
Performances range from a variety of shows that are entertaining for all ages.
Performances range from classical to contemporary works.
Performances range from concerts, dramas, and dance to operas and musicals.
Performances range from corporate venues, to education and public arenas.
Performances range from dance to opera to symphonies.
Performances range from delicate and whimsical to grand and commanding.
Performances range from hip hop, electronics and drum n bass to a cappella and African music.
Performances range from instrumental and vocal concerts to all-school plays.
Performances range from powerful close-up magic to an incredible custom designed illusion show.
Performances range from ragged to excellent.
Performances range from school groups to professionals.
Performances range from solo recital and chamber music events to large ensemble productions.
Performances range from steer roping to bull riding and team competitions.
Performances range from symphonic works to more regional fare.
Performances regularly feature guest artist soloists.
Performances revivify the plays each time, making significant choices and changes.
Performances rotate in English and Spanish.
Performances run about two hours.
Performances run for two to three week-ends.
Performances run for two weeks.
Performances run from winter through the summer.
Performances run through out the year.
Performances run through the year.
Performances run through-Feb.
Performances run throughout the winter.
Performances sell out completely in the Bay Area.
Performances sell out quickly, call for times and availability.
Performances serve as a catalyst for the enrichment, growth, and pleasure of Houston audiences.
Performances soar from solo flute to the flute in combonation with other instruments.
Performances take place at a variety of locations around Boulder County.
Performances take place at a wide variety of sites on weekdays and weekends.
Performances take place at athletic events and competitions.
Performances take place at Out On Main Upstairs, and a cash bar is available for all performances.
Performances take place at several venues in Nevada City and Grass Valley, California.
Performances take place at the outdoor bandshell overlooking Thunder Bay.
Performances take place each semester, both on and off campus.
Performances take place in a number of locations.
Performances take place in a variety of acting spaces.
Performances take place in different parts of the city and county.
Performances take place in English and Spanish.
Performances take place in informal settings to interact with small audiences.
Performances take place in local regional areas as well as in Melbourne at various major functions.
Performances take place in the courtyard and garden area.
Performances take place on either the upstairs or downstairs patios, which are newly refurbished.
Performances take place throughout the academic year, both on and off campus.
Performances takes place in the spring and involve the entire Islands theatrical community.
Performances tend to be a little dearer than visual programmes.
Performances tentatively scheduled include a Chinese choir, Irish duo, and Korean drum ensemble.
Performances typically involve music, humor, and commentary on medicine and education.
Performances utilise traditional weaponry and cultural forms.
Performances vary each term.
Performances vary from fund raising events, outdoor summer concerts, and private parties.
Performances vary with the season and month of the year.
Performance always increases with the proper tools.
Performance always lags behind competence.
Performances always go well.
Performance frequently exceeds established expectations, requirements or standards.
Performances frequently require travel.
Performance often dips when new skills are first practiced.
Performance often takes a substantial hit.
Performance often takes place in an aura of stress and strain.
Performances often attract friends and colleagues from the entertainment community.
Performances often depend on other, like, actors.
Performances often feature guest soloists and include the finest and latest in contemporary jazz.
Performances often feature guest vocal soloists.
Performances often feature soloists of renown and new works by living composers.
Performances often require travel.
Performance usually continues to improve over time with auditory and speech training.
Performance usually improves when agents move to another location.
Performances usually do that.
Performances usually Fri.
Performances usually incorporate live music, video, painting and theater.
Performances usually run mid-afternoon and early evening.
Performances usually start late in the morning and take place on most days.
Performances usually take place in temple courtyards.
All performance are open to the public.
All performance claims shown are by the manufacturer.
All performance is before dividends and transaction costs.
All performance is net of fees .
All performance is net of fees, commissions, and interest.
All performance is subject to variation.
All performances are accessible to individuals with special needs.
All performances are concert in nature.
All performances are custom designed and tailored to fit the needs of the customer and audience.
All performances are excellent.
All performances are festival seating.
All performances are festival style seating.
All performances are for both days unless otherwise noted.
All performances are for charity.
All performances are for showcase purposes only.
All performances are free .
All performances are free and audience participation is encouraged.
All performances are free and everyone is encouraged to attend.
All performances are free and limited seating is available.
All performances are free and open to the general public.
All performances are free and open to the public unless noted otherwise.
All performances are free and open to the public unless otherwise indicated.
All performances are free and open to the public unless tickets are specified.
All performances are free and open to the public, but seating is limited.
All performances are free and open to the public, with the exception of the Salzburg performance.
All performances are free and open to the public.
All performances are FREE and open to the public.
All performances are free of charge and each production is followed with a post play discussion.
All performances are free of charge.
All performances are free to the public.
All performances are FREE to the public.
All performances are free unless otherwise indicated, and all are handicapped accessible.
All performances are free unless stated otherwise.
All performances are FREE with admission.
All performances are free with donations accepted.
All performances are free with museum admission with the exception of the hikes.
All performances are free with museum admission.
All performances are free with zoo admission.
All performances are free, but reservations are required.
All performances are free, but tickets are required.
All performances are free, with donations accepted.
All performances are free.
All performances are general admission seating.
All performances are general seating.
All performances are great.
All performances are handicapped-accessible.
All performances are in East Coast states.
All performances are in Finnish or Swedish.
All performances are in Miller Auditorium.
All performances are in Rice Auditorium.
All performances are in Spanish with Simultaneous English translation available via headsets.
All performances are in Spanish.
All performances are in the auditorium at the Forest Lake High School.
All performances are in the historic, restored, air conditioned, town hall auditorium.
All performances are in the original language unless otherwise noted.
All performances are in Traverse City Michigan except where noted.
All performances are live, i.e. no sequencing or prerecorded music.
All performances are live, no lip synching or fake instrument playing.
All performances are mandatory.
All performances are matinees.
All performances are musical, fun, enchanting, and are in general effective.
All performances are of The Sleeping Beauty unless otherwise noted.
All performances are on a first come, first serve basis.
All performances are on the deck with the audience sitting on shore.
All performances are open and free to the public.
All performances are open free to the public.
All performances are open to groups and the public.
All performances are open to the community.
All performances are open to the general public.
All performances are open to the public and free of charge unless otherwise noted.
All performances are open to the public and free.
All performances are open to the public free of charge.
All performances are open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All performances are open to the public, free of charge.
All performances are open to the public.
All performances are outdoors.
All performances are presently full.
All performances are subject to change at any time.
All performances are subject to change or cancellation.
All performances are subject to change without notice.
All performances are subject to change.
All performances are subject to postponement, delay or cancellation due to severe weather.
All performances are technically impeccable, completely sympathetic, and illuminating.
All performances are unique.
All performances are wheelchair accessible.
All performances are wheelchair-accessible.
All performances are with a live orchestra.
All performances are, of course, free of charge.
All performances begin at sundown.
All performances begin promptly at published time.
All performances begin promptly at scheduled times.
All performances begin promptly at the advertised curtain time.
All performances begin promptly at the designated time.
All performances begin promptly at the published time.
All performances feature an open seating policy.
All performances feature English surtitles projected above the stage.
All performances have specific dates and show times.
All performances have to be bigger than life-size .
All performances have to be bigger than life-size.
All performances held during the regular festival hours are free of charge.
All performances held here are FREE and open to the public.
All performances last approximately one hour.
All performances listed are free and open to the public.
All performances listed are in Portland, Oregon unless specified otherwise.
All performances listed are smoke-free and accessible to persons with disabilities.
All performances proceed weather permitting.
All performances provide for a sense of proximity between the viewer and the dancers.
All performances reflect the daily guidance throughout the year.
All performances remain topless.
All performances require the approval of the instructor before rehearsals begin.
All performances start on time.
All performances take place in schools, hotels, colleges and churches located near the park.
All performances take place on the main stage.
All performances take place, rain or shine.
Every performance breathes with naturalness and understanding.
Every performance generates a certain number of credits.
Every performance gets better and better as their stage presence improves.
Every performance has open auditions, with all community members being encouraged to attend.
Every performance is a beautifully realized mixture of strength and vulnerability.
Every performance is a celebration of that explores the range of human emotions.
Every performance is a learning experience.
Every performance is a memorable performance.
Every performance is always the same.
Every performance is an attempt to discover something fresh.
Every performance is an original.
Every performance is brilliant.
Every performance is different.
Every performance is driven by audience suggestions.
Every performance is greeted with a standing ovation.
Every performance is live.
Every performance is power-packed and delivered straight from the hip.
Every performance is rated by two judges.
Every performance is the result of a series of interpretations.
Every performance is unique and often there is a magic that unites the orchestra with the audience.
Every performance requires actors and a script.
Every performance takes place in the city's streets.
Every performance tells a story.
Every Performance There are few perfect weather days and many reasons indeed to explain performance.
Many performances adorn social and patriotic events of the Polish American community.
Many performances are a cappella and are often on campus.
Many performances are free and all are downtown.
Many performances are open to the public.
Many performances begin with a procession led by the musicians.
Many performances conclude with an invitation to the audience to join in a group dance.
Many performances take place in houses of worship.
Many performances take place through out the year, including swing.
Most performance depends on competitive factors.
Most performance depends on conditions.
Most performance depends on develop skills.
Most performance depends on environmental conditions.
Most performance depends on factors.
Most performance depends on numerous factors.
Most performance depends on skills.
Most performance depends on soil conditions.
Most performance has capacity.
Most performance has development.
Most performance has discharge capacity.
Most performance relies on applications.
Most performance reports that managers now get are by function or business unit.
Most performance requires health.
Most performance takes places.
Most performances are free and open to the public.
Most performances are free for members, with discounts for larger events.
Most performances are free to the general public.
Most performances are free.
Most performances are in Ukrainian or Russian.
Most performances are outside of the regular school day.
Most performances are outside, with tens of players, all in constant motion.
Most performances are sellouts.
Most performances are well attended and very much enjoyed by the audience.
Most performances benefit when the mallets are selected according to the musical needs.
Most performances conclude with the circus elephants.
Most performances get the lyrical part of the piece, but miss the strongly rhythmic second part.
Most performances given by the school are free.
Most performances including dance concerts take place in the large central floor area.
Most performances now use period instruments.
Most performances take place in class but a public performance requirement is occasionally added.
Most performances take place in the concert hall.
Most performances take place in the evenings so musicians have to work long unsocial hours.
Some performance attracts attention.
Some performance depends on selections.
Some performance depends on uniformity.
Some performance determines outcomes.
Some performance increases torque.
Some performance influences relative success.
Some performance influences reproductive success.
Some performance influences success.
Some performance is cabaret.
Some performance is entertaining.
Some performance provides feedback.
Some performances are a cappella and others feature orchestral accompaniment.
Some performances are also open to the public.
Some performances are among the best ever recorded.
Some performances are annual events, while others are rotated.
Some performances are audio described for the visually impaired.
Some performances are in the evening and on the weekends.
Some performances are ineffectual.
Some performances are subject to change.
Some performances are unsuitable for children under the age of ten.
Some performances feel like works in progress and others feel like finished plays.
Some performances grow out of organized resistance and seize public space.
Some performances have special family discounts.
Some performances involve costumes and character work.
Some performances limit audiences to visitors eight years of age and older.
Some performances offer the following services.
Some performances require a button for entry.
Some performances support both kinds of AIBOs at the same time.
Some performances take place in houses of worship.
Performances fees are tickets for the public and invitations for the participants.
Performances tests take approximately three hours to complete, including warm-up time.
Some performative language attempts to perform a spiritual action .
Performative outcomes relate to a students' accomplishment of behavioral tasks.
Performative potential is evident.
Performative statements are words and deeds at the same time.
Performed blueprint take offs for fabricated items and structural fasteners.
Performed user needs analysis and wrote specifications for program modifications and enhancements.
Performer lineup is subject to change without notice.
A performer is an entertainer
Performer asks second spectator to retrieve frame and to open it.
Performer becomes better able to detect and correct error.
Performer brings forth a small brass vial, a magic potion, and some metal filings.
Performer catches the bullets on a plate.
Performer demonstrates method of tone production.
Performer demonstrates sharpness of blade by cutting several vegetables in half.
Performer hands the spectator a brass box.
Performer isa entertainer.
Performer literally replaces racks full of recording gear.
Performer offers for examination a small metal chain and padlock.
Performer perceives a specific, tangible effect, later symbolized by a score.
Performer plays the guitar.
Performer pours all three bowls of colored sand into the black water and stirs the water again.
Performer provides explicit support for both alpha blending and geomorphing.
Performer remains motionless throughout the piece.
Performer slides the middle of the case to the side, cutting the pencil into three pieces.
Performer tosses blue silk at transparent record.
Performer walks on stage carrying an ordinary looking briefcase.
Performers alternately fly above and mix with the audience, which is standing rather than sitting.
Performers appreciate applause.
Performers are a common sight, from belly dancers and musicians to acrobats and contortionists.
Performers are capable of dances.
Performers are consumers of mental health, providers, and community volunteers.
Performers are entertainers.
Performers are familiar enough with the main video and their own libraries to make timely responses.
Performers are from both the UK and abroad.
Performers are full bodied and rich, with real midrange presence.
Performers are limited to about five minutes, just to make sure that everyone has a fair chance.
Performers are located in operas.
Performers are located in parties.
Performers are located in stages.
Performers are located in theaters.
Performers are never quite the same after a session on the harp.
Performers are of all ages.
Performers are often rather stagey though.
Performers are people who give more energy than they take.
Performers are people who perform for other people.
Performers are primarily students, though community residents are also included.
Performers are primarily students.
Performers are professional or of professional caliber.
Performers are responsible for the development of their role and their acting experience.
Performers are solely responsible for their material.
Performers are students pursuing degrees in a variety of areas.
Performers are subject to availability.
Performers are subject to change.
Performers are there to prove that surrendered, spontaneously-combustible being is possible.
Performers are typically responsible for setting up their own rigging at the appropriate time.
Performers are welcome to take the stage to sing, dance, read a poem, tell a joke or play a song.
Performers bear a great burden in their work.
Performers become backup bands for the commercial voice class.
Performers begin the work once again and play straight through without interruption.
Performers benefit tremendously from a good level of audience support.
Performers call it the actor s nightmare.
Performers can also sell goods related to their performance.
Performers can also submit their URL's to be listed here.
Performers can choose to play on one or the other.
Performers can create accompaniment tapes with which to practice.
Performers can expect an edited videotape of their work to show agents or casting directors.
Performers can help composers to see things in a different way.
Performers can mime a scene or group as the recorded dialogue or music is played.
Performers can only return to work when a clean bill of health can be confidently given.
Performers change and grow for their audiences.
Performers change weekly.
Performers choose the songs they want on their CD, the sequencing and the retail price.
Performers climb tall beams and grab ropes to swing from the rafters.
Performers combine voice, movement, music, mime and dance.
Performers come from all over the world.
Performers come from different parts of the valley to take part in the centuriesold festival.
Performers come from four states and Canada.
Performers come from Russia, Italy, Germany and, of course, Egypt.
Performers create original contemporary stories with audience participation.
Performers dance barefoot with jingle bells around the ankles.
Performers demonstrate how pioneers cooked, worked and hunted to survive in America's earliest days.
Performers depend on ability.
Performers deserve recognition for their work.
Performers discover their own personal voice in the great voices of literature.
Performers don amazing costumes and some equally amazing acts.
Performers entertain the children while parents' group meets.
Performers exist where there is no music.
Performers feel like they are on a quiet, permanent platform.
Performers freely borrow from other disciplines, with a resultant blurring of boundaries.
Performers get all of the proceeds from the shows.
Performers get into somewhat of a day dream like state when they create a role.
Performers get their message across to the audience through choreography, music and lights.
Performers give exhibitions.
Performers give no indication that anything has changed.
Performers go on stages.
Performers have (part) arms.
Performers have (part) body substances.
Performers have (part) cell membranes.
Performers have (part) cells.
Performers have (part) corpi.
Performers have (part) cytoplasm.
Performers have (part) heads.
Performers have (part) human bodies.
Performers have (part) legs.
Performers have (part) material bodies.
Performers have (part) necks.
Performers have (part) nuclei.
Performers have (part) personality.
Performers have (part) plasma membranes.
Performers have (part) sections.
Performers have (part) vacuoles.
Performers have a support team in every phase of their career.
Performers have an enthusiasm that is catchy.
Performers have first priority.
Performers have the opportunity to sell their CDs and merchandise to passersby.
Performers have to be incredibly versatile.
Performers have to perform.
Performers Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Performers inspire and motivate through charm and presentation of a successful image.
Performers lead workshops for students and teachers on each show's theme.
Performers learn roles.
Performers learn to play traditional instruments via the oral tradition of each culture.
Performers leave studios.
Performers listen to each other while they play, reacting all of the time to what they hear.
Performers love our stage and patrons love the good sight lines out intimate theatre offers.
Performers mix music with narrative to provide exceptional information and educational value.
Performers participate in informative sessions, concert performances and educational workshops.
Performers participate in small ensembles of varied instrumentation throughout each semester.
Performers pass through fair grounds.
Performers play roles.
Performers play the standards night after night, year in and year out.
Performers playing in the professional band consider the concert band members as their job .
Performers playing in the professional band consider the concert band members as their job.
Performers present their current projects.
Performers program the computer to act as accompanist for practice sessions.
Performers range from blues to zydeco, polka, rockabilly, etc.
Performers range from longtime professionals to newcomers.
Performers range from peers to professional artists.
Performers rave over the place and the management.
Performers rely on audiences, to be sure.
Performers require highly developed skills in technique, interpretation and repertoire.
Performers return to stages.
Performers roar through the great works of English literature at a dragster pace.
Performers rotate positions within the ensemble, playing everything from piccolo to bass flute.
Performers rotate with principal assignments.
Performers rub shoulders with composers, theorists with technicians.
Performers say it is an experience that is hard to put into words.
Performers seem to view it as chic to play new music.
Performers share the wine and food together after the ritual.
Performers spend all of their time practicing.
Performers stand on a low platform at the front of each tent under the beams of modest spotlights.
Performers still work with top hats and canes, but the specialization is essentially gone.
Performers strive to create a lively, folk-spirited atmosphere and dancing is always encouraged.
Performers switch instruments, sing along, and generally have a good time.
Performers switch too.
Performers talk to the audience.
Performers think they are on permanent platforms.
Performers turn somersaults at high altitude.
Performers use circular breathing especially when playing the long songs.
Performers use imagery to heighten concentration.
Performers use music to illustrate how important plants are to everyone.
Performers View a list of and links to artists who have performed at the Hall.
Performers view obstacles and setbacks as important information and opportunities to learn.
Performers warm up and outdo each other as in a Prologue.
Performers wear traditional, hand-embroidered garments worn by people in the Carpathian mountains.
Performers wear uniforms and use flags, decorative rifles and banners to create visual patterns.
Performers welcome, space limited.
Performers working in comedy are the only people who can vote.
Performers working in comedy then vote for the winners.
Performers often adapt their appearance , such as with costumes and stage makeup , etc. .
Performers often adapt their appearance, such as with costumes and stage makeup, etc.
Performers often meet with audience members or reviewers.
Performers often seem held together by duct tape and baling wire.
Performers often talk about their technique.
Performers often teach.
Performers often work irregular hours including nights and weekends.
Performers usually get all or a percentage of the admission price.
Performers usually get most or all of the money for tapes and CDs, especially at small concerts.
Performers usually have recordings for sale.
Performers usually travel from festival to festival.
Performers usually walk off the stage with admiration from their fans.
All performer play free to support the cause.
All performers appreciate enthusiastic applause.
All performers are brave.
All performers are eligible for awards.
All performers are in costume.
All performers are in street clothes, without masks.
All performers are in their first professional year in comedy.
All performers are very experienced and used to working in any situation.
All performers are volunteers.
All performers are women,so unique feature.
All performers ask that question at the end of their performance.
All performers audition for positions.
All performers do their own singing, and there is no cross-dressing.
All performers go onstage, each carrying a newspaper.
All performers have at least one million pounds liability cover.
All performers hold the professional exhibition rating.
All performers now receive half-tuition scholarships for the full year they are in the group.
All performers play as volunteers.
All performers practice good hygiene before and after each performance.
All performers rely on nervous energy to enhance their performance.
All performers sing as well as they act.
All performers sing, dance, perform text and choreograph movement.
All performers suffer from nerves to some degree.
All performers teach.
All performers volunteer their time and talents.
All performers welcome.
Any performer can commission a piece of music, whether for oneself or for a larger ensemble.
Any performer can find a place to play or sing with a time commitment as low as one hour a week.
Any performer can think of a musical idea.
Every performer does that.
Every performer experiences anxiety at one time or another.
Every performer finds something unique to say within the bounds of the printed score.
Every performer has influences.
Every performer receives a free contest souvenir program.
Many performers acquire their training under the guidance of another performer.
Many performers are also composers, and vice versa.
Many performers are rastafarians .
Many performers are rastafarians.
Many performers bring a haughty attitude to the staff at venues, and it s just a bad idea.
Many performers feel that they can remember everything.
Many performers find work between productions in fashion and photographic modeling.
Many performers give inspiring master classes during their campus engagements.
Many performers make a point of setting up their own rigging or at least checking it carefully.
Many performers meet the audience and answer questions.
Many performers praise the intimate atmosphere and fine acoustics of the building.
Many performers prefer the special face powders sold by the makeup manufacturers.
Many performers rely on drugs and alcohol to break down the barriers.
Many performers return for show after show.
Many performers save their best for last, and it is quite effective.
Many performers seem to think the faster they play and sooner they finish the cadenza, the better.
Many performers stick their tongues out to guide the torch into their mouth.
Many performers train for two or three hours a day, several times a week.
Most performers are aural and tactile learners for initial study of a composition.
Most performers are famous singers who appear in a period drama, then give a concert.
Most performers combine their activities with other careers in music.
Most performers depend on ability.
Most performers give exhibitions.
Most performers go on stages.
Most performers have an eagle eye when it comes to observing their audiences.
Most performers have other careers.
Most performers have web sites with streaming audio and lots of PR-bio material.
Most performers learn roles.
Most performers leave studios.
Most performers now have their own website or at least have a web page.
Most performers play roles.
Most performers practice with a metronome ticking, especially with more difficult music.
Most performers return to stages.
Most performers takes several months of study prior to any public performance attempt.
Most performers truly enjoy what they do.
Some performers already have their own biographies.
Some performers are able to make a decent living through free-lance playing alone.
Some performers are already lined up, but more are needed.
Some performers are difficult to locate.
Some performers are happy to donate items.
Some performers call themselves female impersonators and others call themselves drag queens.
Some performers can make the switch.
Some performers cause problems.
Some performers come from cowboy backgrounds.
Some performers develop more than friendships.
Some performers die in accidents.
Some performers die of causes.
Some performers die of natural causes.
Some performers fall to death.
Some performers find it too intense.
Some performers have their aircraft on display prior to their performance.
Some performers join unions.
Some performers leave sides.
Some performers request exclusive use of the work for a given period.
Some performers say bad words.
Some performers spend their money on making an album.
Some performers think they can become great musicians by merely practicing everyday.
Some performers try gimmicks to catch the public's attention.
Some performers use more dangerous objects such as knives, fire torches, and even chainsaws.
Some performers win contests.
Some performers write set lists with fixed openers, enders, etc but include elective blocks.
Perfume causes a desire to kisses.
Perfume has (part) sections.
Perfume is books.
Perfume is liquids.
Perfume is located in cabinets.
Perfume is mixture.
Perfume is organic matter.
Perfume is smell
Perfume is toiletry.
Perfume is used for aroma.
Perfume is used for perfume.
Perfume isa instrumentality.
Perfume lingers in the air and perhaps a hint of tobacco.
Perfumes also increase perspiration rate and help cool the body, which is important in the tropics.
Perfumes are a good example along with various after shave lotions.
Perfumes are a passion.
Perfumes are chemical compounds known as aromatics.
Perfumes are concentrated fragrances.
Perfumes are flower based and attract all kinds of winged insects, including bees and wasps.
Perfumes are often as much as one third less than Tokyo prices.
Perfumes are particularly special.
Perfumes are the feelings of flowers.
Perfumes are usually a mixture of both synthetic and natural resources.
Perfumes basically are three-part mixtures of chemicals.
Perfumes can be overwhelming and nauseating.
Perfumes Click on picture to see larger detail.
Perfumes contain alcohol so they are often responsible as well.
Perfumes cover up the body's natural scent and replace it with the perfume's scent.
Perfumes inspire love.
Perfumes make their way into our mailboxes as well.
All perfumes are the same price .
All perfumes are the same price, except essential oils which have a different price.
All perfumes contain alcohol to varying degrees.
Most perfumes are mixtures of absolutes.
Most perfumes are similar in how they are prepared.
Most perfumes are specific blends of fragrance notes.
Perfumed flowers are our sisters.
Perfumed nose features soft red fruits and spice.
Many perfumed snuffs are redolent of a whore's reticule.
A perfumer is a maker
Perfumers also recognize that a chord of odors can change with time.
Perfumers have splendid shops in every street.
A perfumery is an establishment
Perfumery is still an art of mostly educated guesswork based on experience.
Perfunctory performance can kill a show.
A perfusion is movement
Perfusion increases more rapidly from the apex to the base then does ventilation.
Perfusion involves immersing the organ in nutrient-filled fluid.
Perfusion is found to be nonuniform in the isolated rat liver and uniform in the in vivo rat liver.
Perfusion is higher in the dependent lung secondary to the effects of gravity.
Perfusion is matched closely in the horse.
Perfusion is relatively homogeneous throughout the myocardium.
Perfusion is stressful work due to the awesome responsibilities.
Perfusion is the passage of blood through the circulatory system.
Perfusion limits the transport.
Perfusion means a special extra port for internal perfusion of the pipette itself.
Perfusion pump with syringe.
Perfusion refers to blood circulation at the capillary level.
Perfusion requires an intravenous injection of contrast material.
Perfusions are insertions.
A pergola is a framework
Pergolas are for qweerz.
Pergolas create a more intimate environment while also supporting track lighting.
Pergolas have posts the same size and set in the same way as t-bar trellises.
A peri is spirit
PERI allows for a number of workshops in 'internet' training.
PERI develops basic technologies by studying model proteins.
PERI fights for our best interests and protects our pension and health care benefits.
PERI intends to provide services to clients that make access to education as simple as possible.
Peri is a Greek word that means around or near.
Peri is found as a prefix in words like perimeter, pericardium, peritonitis, etc.
PERI is the most effective promotional exam preparation school available.
PERI is today the world s largest manufacturer and supplier of formwork systems.
Peri joins in Planet of Fire.
PERI receives the rights for publication by mentioning the name of the author.
Peri remains unemployed.
PERI seeks to improve and encourage environmental reporting.
Peri smiles a lot.
Peris are companies.
Peris are girls.
Peris are spirit.
Periampullary carcinoids act differently clinically from the midgut type.
Periampullary carcinomas exhibit different clinical behaviors according to their site of origin.
Perianal abscess is common in Management of perianal abscess .
Perianal abscesses are common conditions.
Perianal dermatitis is a common dermatological condition in infants and children.
Perianal syndromes can often be troublesome.
Perianal tumors are very susceptible to liquid nitrogen spray.
Perianth segments are pink and cream and the styles are pink and silky hairy.
Perianth segments are pure white.
Perianth isa covering.
Perianth isa plant part.
Perianths have (part) petals.
Perianths have (part) sections.
Perianths have (part) sepals.
Some perianths are part of anemones.
Some perianths are part of angiosperms.
Some perianths are part of blossoms.
Some perianths are part of bluebottles.
Some perianths are part of buds.
Some perianths are part of carnation.
Some perianths are part of catkins.
Some perianths are part of daisies.
Some perianths are part of dicotyledons.
Some perianths are part of florets.
Some perianths are part of flowers.
Some perianths are part of helianthuses.
Some perianths are part of marigolds.
Some perianths are part of monocots.
Some perianths are part of orchids.
Some perianths are part of poppies.
Some perianths are part of snapdragons.
Some perianths are part of snowdrops.
Some perianths are part of sunflowers.
Some perianths are part of vanillas.
Some perianths are part of wildflowers.
Periapical radiographs show the entire tooth from the crown to the root apex.
A periapsis is a point
Periapsis is the point in an orbit closest to the primary.
Periarticular osteophytes are usually conspicuous.
Pericardial calcification is a common finding in patients with constrictive pericarditis.
Pericardial cysts are rare and are usually located at the right costophrenic angle.
Pericardial effusion is classified according to the same rules.
Pericardial effusion is the collection of fluid in the pericardial cavity, surrounding the heart.
Pericardial flap prevents sternal wound complications.
Pericardial involvement is more common than myocardial involvement.
Pericardial membranes surround the A. lungs.
Pericardial pain can last for hours or days.
Pericardial tamponade constitutes a special case of the diagnosis and management of heart failure.
Pericardial tuberculosis can also occur from the spreading of plural tuberculosis to pericardial.
Pericardial valve is the most recently approved tissue valve in the United States.
A pericarditis is a symptom
Pericarditis carcasses with fibinous or fibrinosuppurative pericarditis.
Pericentromeric regions are also highly plastic.
Perichaetial leaves eciliate.
Perichaetial leaves erect, lance-acuminate from a sheathing base.
Perichaetial leaves erect, lanceolate, acuminate, serrulate, costate.
Perichromatin fibrils are visible only under electron microscope.
Pericicatricial emphysema develops around scar remaining from the granulomas.
Pericyclic reactions are usually rearrangement reactions .
Pericyclic reactions are usually rearrangement reactions.
Many pericyclic reactions have similar reactions that are metal-catalyzed .
Many pericyclic reactions have similar reactions that are metal-catalyzed.
Some pericyclic reactions go with heat , some go only with light .
Some pericyclic reactions go with heat, some go only with light.
Peridontal disease is an infection of the tissue around the teeth.
Peridontal disease is very common in older dogs and causes bad breath, and often serious infections.
Peridontal disease is very common in older dogs, causes bad breath, and often serious infections.
Peridontal diseases are infections of the gum and bone that hold the teeth in place.
A peridot is a chrysolite
Peridot also calms nervousness and banishes negative emotions.
Peridot belongs to the forsterite-fayalite mineral series which is part of the olivine group.
Peridot belongs to the forsterite-fayalite mineral series.
Peridot breaks evil spells and dispels the mysteries of the dark.
Peridot emits a warm and friendly energy.
Peridot has a mention in the Bible under Hebrew name 'pitdah'.
Peridot helps one develop one's mental abilities.
Peridot helps relieve constipation and inflamed and ulcerated bowels.
Peridot is a beautiful olive green stone.
Peridot is a colorful, affordable and attractive gemstone.
Peridot is a facilitator of the birthing process, stimulating contractions.
Peridot is a gem that's been connected to superstition throughout the ages.
Peridot is a gem that's been connected to superstition.
Peridot is a great crystal but more expensive than the other beads as a substitute.
Peridot is a quarterly fiction webzine that hopes to give newer writers support.
Peridot is a very bright medium yellowish-green to green, clean to the naked eye.
Peridot is also a very protective stone and can guard against psychic attacks.
Peridot is available in tumbled stones and in the pendant to the right.
Peridot is believed to open up mental and emotional blocks and stimulate honest communication.
Peridot is found in Australia, Brazil, China, Egypt, Myanmar, Norway, and the United States.
Peridot is one of the few gemstones that comes in only one color .
Peridot is one of the few gemstones that comes in only one color.
Peridot is readily available in most sizes and a variety of shapes.
Peridot is suitable for all jewelry applications.
Peridot is the child of volcanic action.
Peridot is the gem form of the mineral olivine.
Peridot is the gem name for a yellow-green mineral that occurs in volcanic rock.
Peridot is the gem quality transparent variety of the mineral called olivine.
Peridot is the stone assigned to the sun.
Peridot is the substitute for green emerald .
Peridot is used to attract love as well as to calm raging anger.
Peridot is usually a lively lime green, although it can also have a brownish or olive cast.
Peridot is yellow green, olive green, or grennish brown in color.
Peridot is, therefore, a gem of volcanic origin.
Peridot ranges in color from light yellow-green to the intense bright green of new grass to olive.
Peridots are minerals.
Peridots are olivines.
Peridots are precious stones.
Peridots cure liver disease and dropsy while freeing the mind from envious thoughts.
A peridotite is an igneous rock
Peridotite consists in part of the minerals olivine and pyroxene.
Peridotite consists primarily of olivine.
Peridotite starts out as a sub-crustal, upper mantle rock.
Peridotites are a. ultramafic rocks b. rich in olivine c.
Peridotites are igneous rocks.
Peridotites are rich in the mineral olivine.
Peridotites contain the same chemical makeup as the molten magma in the Earth's mantle.
Peridural narcotics refer to either spinal or epidural narcotics.
A perigee is a point
Perigee is close to northern apex.
Perigee works closely with the customer's design team to save cost.
A perihelion is a point
Perihelion Includes literary theory articles alongside poetry.
Perihelion is planned to be over the west limb.
Perihelion is the point in the earth's orbit when it is closest in proximity to the sun.
Perihelion is the point of closest approach to the sun.
Perihelion isa location.
Perihepatic collections are the most common and usually resolve spontaneously.
Perihepatic mass appears hypercellular.
Peril calls forth the better angels of our nature.
Peril is danger
Perils covered include the following.
Perils describe the causes of the loss.
Perilesional skin is tested for immunofluoresecence studies.
Perilesional skin shows the presence of intercellular IgG deposition within the epidermis.
Perilous times are already here.
Most perimenopausal women suffer from vasomotor symptoms.
Perimeter defense needs to be tougher.
Perimeter fences are two strands of high-tensile, aluminum coated steel wire.
Perimeter fences are usually permanent and intended to last for many years with minimal repairs.
A perimeter is size
Perimeter Calculates the perimeter of each watershed.
Perimeter can be plain or hemmed and grommeted.
Perimeter continues the quest.
Perimeter equals the sum of the three sides.
Perimeter is always zero for point coverages.
Perimeter is defined and measured for very simple shapes.
Perimeter is fenced.
Perimeter is how many units are around the shape.
Perimeter is the distance around a two-dimensional shape.
Perimeter is the distance around outside of the parallelogram.
Perimeter is the distance around outside of the rhombus.
Perimeter is the distance around outside of the trapezoid.
Perimeter is the distance around outside of the triangle.
Perimeter is the distance around the outside rectangle.
Perimeter is the distance around the outside square.
Perimeter is the surrounding part of a given surface as in the perimeter of a triangle.
Perimeter is the total distance around all sides of a shape, such as the fence around a yard.
Perimeter is the total length around the object.
Perimeter lighting Many burglars prefer the cover of darkness.
Perimeter means the length of the sides.
Perimeter seals to be nylon filament brush in a mill finish aluminum retainer.
Perimeter simply measures the distance around an area.
Perimeter spraying keeps other larvae from moving in.
Perimeters are lines.
Perimeters are safe and secure with a wander-guard system.
Perimeters inevitably disturb network traffic.
A perimysium is connective tissue
Perimysium is populated by large cells with surrounding clear area.
Perinatal asphyxia occurs in both premature and term infants.
Perinatal assessment contributes significantly to the well-being of a newborn.
Most perinatal centers provide instruction to help new parents provide proper care for newborns.
Perinatal complications predict violent offending.
Perinatal death refers to death occurring between the moment of birth and a week after birth.
Perinatal deaths refer to stillbirths and deaths in the first week of life.
Perinatal dioxin feminizes male rats.
Perinatal hospice is a much needed and wonderful alternative.
Perinatal infection is also common because of spread from maternal milk or other secretions.
Perinatal management involves close monitoring for respiratory complications.
Perinatal mortality is signifi-cantly high in mothers with hypertensive disorders.
Perinatal transmission can also occur while giving birth.
Perinatal transmission can occur during pregnancy, delivery or breast feeding.
Perinatal transmission can occur during pregnancy, during delivery and through breast- feeding.
Perinatal transmission can occur, especially during the infectious phase.
Perinatal transmission can occur.
Perinatal transmission is particularly important in high endemicity areas.
Perinatal transmission is rare.
Perinatal transmission is suspected but remains unproven.
Most perinatal transmission seems to take place around birth.
Perinatal trauma is known to affect brain development and behavior.
A perinatologist is a specialist
Perinatologists are obstetricians who specialize in high-risk pregnancies.
Perinatologists are specialists in high-risk pregnancy, fetal, and maternal medicine.
A perinatology is midwifery
Perinatology is a subspecialty of obstetrics and gynecology.
Perineal massage involves gently stretching the tissues that surround the opening to the vagina.
Perineal massage is also something women can do themselves in the last months of pregnancy.
Perineal massage is done on the perineum, the area below the vagina.
Perineal technique works like a miracle.
Perineal washes are convenient, save time and work well to remove urine without discomfort.
Perineural invasion has a negative impact on survival.
Perineural spread is also a possibility.
Perineurial cells form a few circumferential layers outside the endoneurium.
A perineurium is connective tissue
Perineurium is a sheath of special, fiber-like cells that ties the axons of each fascicle together.
Perineurium refers to the connective tissue wrapping the fascicules within the nerve.
Period costume is preferred.
Period costumes are available on a first come first served basis to interested volunteers.
Period costumes are the exception.
Period instruments sound sweeter, leaner, less heavy.
Period length is determined by digital filtering.
Some period movies depict boys in long hair and dresses or kilt suits.
Some period movies depict boys in long hair and dresses.
Every period of history needs an emphasis on a particular form of creativity.
Every period of history sees the rise of new divisions in every field.
Most periods of history extend the past.
Periods of stagnation are on occasion followed by flurries of creative energy.
Period of time is a fundamental measure
Period of time is critical to remember.
Periods of time form the chief divisions in the study of history.
A period piece is work of art
Period pieces are the most difficult to sell in Hollywood.
A period is a fundamental measure
Period answers questions and relates information that parents and girls can really use.
Period begins the day the librarian mails the material.
Period begins with civil war.
Period below is minimum included with manufacturer's published data.
Period continues on a regular basis until book is finished, then a new group is chosen.
Period covered by expenditure weights corresponds to the base price period.
Period covered is for hourly employees and absences only.
Period covered is the time since the last request until now.
Period doubling also occurs, as does choatic oscillation.
Period driving lamps contribute to the feel.
Period ends with final vows marking full membership.
Period gives orbital motion.
Period includes the Industrial Revolution, which prompted literature on social problems.
Period is a character, too.
Period is characterized by the rise of state societies, cities, and a great deal of warfare.
Period is directly related to the speed the wave is travelling.
Period is famous for the advent of the two-wheeled chariot.
Period is highly significant.
Period is indicated in seconds.
Period is irregular.
Period is measured in seconds.
Period is placed outside of closing mark.
Period is symbolized by tau.
Period is the inverse of frequency.
Period is the length of time required for a satellite to complete one orbit.
Period is the time between two successive waves.
Period is the time duration from one synchronization point to the next.
Period is the time required to complete one cycle ex.
Period is the time taken by a wave to repeat itself at a given point in space.
Period is updated with period found by dfringe routine.
Period isa quantity.
Period meets pizzazz in the invigorating whirlpool bath for two.
Period referances and pictures.
Period refers to the time which it takes to do something.
Period squared is proportional to the size of the semi-major axis cubed.
Period stand with fine patina.
Period starts from postal date of shipping, to postal date of returning.
Period tripling and quadrupling is observed for certain cavity configurations.
Period varies by data series.
Period varies with species.
Period witnesses growth of wagon and lake traffic in Chicago.
Periods also stop after a hysterectomy, which is surgical removal of the uterus.
Periods also stop after a hysterectomy, which is surgical removal of theuterus.
Periods are also special.
Periods are an after thought.
Periods are different for every woman.
Periods are divided into epochs, and successive periods make up an era.
Periods are ends.
Periods are eras.
Periods are followed by long periods.
Periods are followed by periods.
Periods are followed by week collection periods.
Periods are geological time.
Periods are in seconds and directions are in meteorological convention.
Periods are located in history.
Periods are located in schools.
Periods are located in sentences.
Periods are more likely to return in young women.
Periods are more likely to return in younger women.
Periods are more regular.
Periods are normal, sperm count high, lap indicated no prob hormone level.
Periods are part of eras.
Periods are part of history.
Periods are part of punctuation.
Periods are parts.
Periods are punctuation.
Periods are reasonably clear.
Periods are regular now after practically bleeding to death.
Periods are shorter than an era and longer than an epoch.
Periods are the horizontal rows.
Periods are time intervals.
Periods are used for decimals.
Periods are usually forty-five minutes long.
Periods are usually lighter and shorter.
Periods are ususally of one year in duration.
Periods are very individual.
Periods become irregular.
Periods become more regular.
Periods begin on the first of each month and end on the last day of the month.
Periods can affect one's mood too.
Periods can be funny, or embarassing, or annoying, or exhilarating.
Periods can be light, moderate, or heavy in terms of how much blood comes out of the vagina.
Periods combine to form double-periods.
Periods come after the parenthetical documentation for short passages within paragraphs.
Periods correspond to years.
Periods covered are ancient history, medieval studies, and modern history.
Periods covered include colonial to contemporary.
Periods covered include the medieval through twentieth century.
Periods disappear from acronyms and abbreviations.
Periods end sentences.
Periods follow initials.
Periods follow some abbreviations, but the trend is to eliminate periods in and after abbreviations.
Periods generally range from one to five years.
Periods go inside parentheses only if an entire sentence is inside the parentheses.
Periods go inside parentheses only if there is a full sentence inside the parentheses.
Periods go inside quotation marks.
Periods go inside the closing set of quotation marks unless a source is cited.
Periods have effects.
Periods have special uses.
Periods have term effects.
Periods identify word groupings that can stand alone.
Periods indicate where to cut head slit.
Periods make sense only in nonterminals.
Periods occur regularly after puberty due to the cyclical activity of the ovaries .
Periods range from hours to years.
Periods refer to Months or Quarters.
Periods refer to time, systems to rocks.
Periods resume when they stop using the device.
Periods sound like a complicated part of puberty, and sometimes they can feel that way, too.
Periods span months.
Periods span several years.
Periods span time.
Periods span weeks.
Periods span years.
Periods start with a sprint for the ball.
Periods stop and the reproductive system is suspended until the shots are discontinued.
Periods stop while women are pregnant.
Periods stop, estrogen is low and the follicle-stimulating hormone level is elevated.
Periods typically divide each part of the citation.
Periods vary for journals, reference materials, and short-period loan items.
Periods vary from year to year.
Periods vary widely in length and even regularity.
Periods often come too early and last too long, sometimes with a flow of bright red blood.
Periods often confuse people when a URL appears at the very end of a sentence.
Periods usually go inside of quotes.
All periods are important.
All periods are in seconds.
All periods are of interest but recent developments are emphasized.
All periods are of interest.
All periods are to be removed from author names and resulting double spaces collapsed.
All periods are welcome at the club as well as roleplaying games of all genres.
All periods throughtout the year.
Any period is entrainable, if the light is bright enough.
Every period has something good and something hard.
Every period is a golden period.
Every period starts a cycle that usually produces a single egg that can be fertilized.
Many periods have a familiar set of stories.
Most periods are followed by long periods.
Most periods are followed by periods.
Most periods are followed by week collection periods.
Most periods correspond to years.
Most periods have effects.
Most periods have one expressive arts activity choice.
Most periods have term effects.
Most periods span several years.
Most periods span time.
Most periods span weeks.
Some period darns on each heel.
Some periods are open to innovation because of the absence of the ruling class.
Some periods are subject to minimum stay requirements.
Some periods begin time.
Some periods can last several months or extend for several years.
Some periods have larger numbers of bowls than jars.
Some periods have more embellishment.
Some periods however are still under-exposed.
Some periods lead up to death.
Some periods occur during late springs.
Some periods occur during nights.
Some periods occur during springs.
Some periods show little activity, others show much more.
Some periods take places.
Some periods vary in brightness.
Periodic abstinence is a way that sexually active women prevent pregnancy.
Periodic abstinence is acceptable to most religious groups.
Periodic abstinence is acceptable to the religious groups that reject other methods.
Periodic acid is acid
Periodic acid is found as a colorless solution .
Periodic acid is found as a colorless solution.
Periodic adjustments are as important as regular dental hygiene.
Periodic advertisement contains a hop count and a vector.
Periodic apneas occur throughout the excerpt.
Some periodic appearances have significance.
Periodic assessments are key to keeping a finger onthe pulse of the environment.
Periodic assessments provide information to administrators for consideration in policy making.
Periodic audits are a continuing requirement.
Periodic audits can keep company programs focused and operating efficiently.
Periodic bamboo die off, deer traps, and poaching are other contributors.
Periodic bathing is necessary.
Periodic boundaries connect the left and right sides as well as the top and bottom.
Periodic breaks help parents to tolerate hyperactive behavior.
Periodic breaks relieve the monotony of machinery operation.
Periodic breakdowns are inevitable.
A periodic breathing is a breathing
Periodic breathing can be a normal event.
Periodic calibration is necessary to maintain on-site sampling accuracy.
Periodic calibration is necessary.
Periodic caps limit the interest-rate increase from one adjustment period to the next.
Periodic checkpoints can help break up lengthy assignments into more manageable tasks.
Some periodic cleanup is usually necessary.
Periodic comets are comets that have an established pattern of orbiting the sun.
Periodic comets have a special place in astronomy, because their orbits are often the same.
Periodic conferences are to be scheduled.
Periodic debit is an estimate of the charge, which is verified monthly.
Periodic detention is currently available only to New South Wales courts.
Periodic drought cans have impact.
Periodic drought cans have serious impact.
Periodic drought seems to have been Ethiopia's lot for hundreds of years.
Periodic droughts make the situation even worse.
Periodic entertainment is required.
Periodic epidemics cause heavy mortality in older, dense forests.
Periodic epidemics do occur however, but are quickly terminated with renewed pushes for vaccination.
Periodic episodes relate to conditions.
Most periodic episodes relate to conditions.
Periodic evaluation is important.
Periodic evaluations check progress for both student and tutor.
Periodic examinations are also to be provided to the employees listed above.
Periodic expenses are the expenses most people forget to factor into their budget.
Periodic expenses occur quarterly, semi-annually, or annually.
Periodic fire encourages regeneration.
Periodic fire helps to maintain habitat for many prey species of coyote.
Periodic fire is needed to control the brushy understory and keep the pinewoods open.
Periodic fire tends to favor understory species that require a more open habitat.
Periodic fires are a natural protection for many ecosystems.
Periodic fires are valuable for deer as it promotes growth of forbs that they use as food source.
Periodic fires help restore regular marsh vegetation.
Periodic fires tend to maintain existing vegetation and generally prevent successional transition.
Most periodic fire encourages regeneration.
Some periodic fire affects habitats.
Some periodic fire occurs in late springs.
Some periodic fire occurs in springs.
Periodic flooding is a good idea, but be sure to provide drainage.
Periodic grooming is all that is required to keep the court in top form.
Periodic group reviews with outstanding scholars.
Periodic hurricanes can cause extensive damage to the island.
Periodic hurricanes can cause extensive damage.
Periodic hurricanes can cause heavy damage to the islands.
Periodic impulse is repeated impulses.
Periodic indicators help to produce more in-depth information about trends in the education system.
Periodic input is received from students, college administrators and outside agencies.
Periodic inspection is an option.
Periodic inspection using a magnetic particle or dye penetrant test can detect cracks.
Periodic inspections are also important in detecting engine troubles.
Periodic inspections are compulsory.
Periodic inspections are perhaps the best means of assessing success or failure.
Periodic inspections continue on Iraqi soil.
Periodic inspections help determine when to replace a product and reduce rigging hazards.
Periodic inspections insure that the thinning is conducted as intended.
Periodic inspections reveal that there are deviations in the energy control procedure.
Periodic inundation can create short-term flooded conditions that inhibit growth.
Periodic inundation can create short-term flooded conditions which inhibit growth.
Periodic leakage occurs during a sudden physical strain.
Periodic lubrication is mandatory .
Periodic mail is sent giving members up to date announcements of items of interest.
Periodic maintenance is required to keep the lab functioning smoothly.
Periodic maintenance is the responsibility of the owner and is a condition of warranty.
Periodic maintenance is the same as given in active hot water heaters.
Periodic markets order a shift from knits regions into economic and cultural entities.
Periodic meetings keep the process on track.
Periodic modifications are necessary to maintain a quality course.
Periodic monitoring is a critical component of any security solution.
Periodic monitoring is also important.
Periodic monitoring is required even when an add-on control device is used to meet requirements.
Periodic motion is important in the study of sound, light, and other waves.
Periodic motion is motion that repeats itself.
Periodic motion is movement that is regular and repeating eg.
Periodic motion is movement
Periodic motion is movement.
Periodic motion means motion with a certain period and frequency.
Periodic nourishment is considered to be construction for funding and cost sharing purposes.
Periodic observations are a generalization to fixed time observations.
Periodic orbits are closed orbits in the frame rotating with the bar.
Periodic orbits are fundamental objects within dynamical systems.
All periodic orbits admit eventually periodic orbits.
All periodic orbits are unstable.
Periodic order Describe the periodic-order system of inventory control.
Periodic outbreaks occur in the United States, sometimes involving food handlers.
Periodic overtime is required.
Periodic patterns moving in opposite directions in the two eyes can generate a static percept.
Periodic payment means making payments on a schedule over time as opposed to in a single lump sum.
Periodic payments allow the injured patient to receive more of the award, and the attorney less.
Periodic payments are lower than conventional term financing.
Periodic payments can be yearly, quarterly, monthly, weekly, or any other regular period.
Periodic payments can last for a shorter, a longer, or an indefinite time.
Periodic payments contribute to insurance premium stability.
Periodic payments contribute to the stability of insurance premiums.
Periodic payments relieve the burden and expense of money management .
Periodic payments tend to indicate an employer-employee relationship.
Periodic performances are open to non-troupe members by arrangement.
Periodic play is advised while waiting in line for the next turn.
Periodic pop quizzes encourage students to remain current in their class preparation.
Periodic product sampling at both the retail and manufacturing level is conducted.
Periodic questions check for comprehension.
Periodic reminders are a special type of reminder.
Periodic renewal maintains optimal wildlife cover.
Periodic reports are essential in clearing pending work.
Periodic reports are then prepared and delivered to the client.
Periodic reports keep the project moving.
Periodic research is no longer enough.
Periodic review is a fact of life for accredited institutions and programs.
Periodic review is integrated into the program.
Periodic review is planned after that.
Periodic review is recommended.
Periodic reviews addresses any unexpected development or threat to security.
Periodic reviews are absolutely essential.
Periodic reviews are advisable.
Periodic reviews are also necessary due to the rapid pace of technological advancement.
Periodic reviews are broad evaluations of an entire plan that occur every four to ten years.
Periodic reviews are necessary to keep the system current and, therefore, useful.
Periodic reviews can change the degree to which a child can be mainstreamed during the program year.
Periodic reviews cease when a member reaches normal service retirement age.
Periodic reviews focus on a relatively brief, recent period to establish normal values.
Periodic reviews provide feedback to strengthen the work of tenured faculty members.
Periodic reviews provides feedback to help maintain quality customer service.
Periodic reviews take place as scheduled.
Periodic reviews take place as students proceed throughout the program.
Periodic revision is needed for the plan to reflect changing community desires and conditions.
Periodic rotation is always a good idea.
Periodic sales focus on items like ski or scuba gear.
Periodic schedules begin running at a user specified starting time.
Periodic scheduling means the task is scheduled to run at certain intervals in time units.
Periodic seminars provide for discussion and evaluation of the student teaching experience.
Periodic sickness is normal for many cosmonauts.
Periodic signals have a waveform shape that repeats in time.
All periodic signals are power signals.
Periodic snapshots are available for download.
Periodic specials give in-depth information on specific varieties and their needs.
Periodic status reports showing changes and improvement.
Periodic status reports, some in the form of brownbag presentations.
Periodic sterilization is recommended as with any intermediate or low-level disinfectant.
Periodic supplements appear, providing sketches of persons recently deceased.
Periodic surveillance is indicated.
Periodic surveys confirm that the practice does help protect infants during sleep.
Periodic surveys ensure the menu is designed with student tastes and trends in mind.
Periodic sweeps remind the public about the law officer.
A periodic table is a table
Periodic Table Creates an entire periodic table of the elements.
Periodic table is made up of isotopic masses.
Periodic tables are tables.
Periodic tables contain elements.
Periodic tables have elements.
Periodic tables identify the number of valence electrons that each element has.
Periodic tables show elements.
Most periodic tables contain elements.
Most periodic tables have elements.
Most periodic tables show elements.
Some periodic tables come in prominence.
Some periodic tables have more information than others.
Periodic tasks have regular arrival times and hard deadlines.
Periodic teaching rounds on all intensive care patients.
Periodic tests assess skill level.
Periodic tests to evaluate functions.
Some periodic tests help tumors.
Periodic testing becomes more important as our pipeline systems age.
Periodic testing evaluates the progress status of the resident's educational experience.
Periodic testing is most important in patients who continue high-risk activities.
Periodic training is available.
Periodic training is necessary for continued corporate growth.
Periodic training is provided.
Periodic travel is involved.
Periodic travel is required.
Periodic updates ensure the most advanced systems available.
Periodic updates keep the program very effective in a quickly changing environment.
Periodic upgrades are generally small and easy to manage with no downtime.
Periodic use keeps drains fee-flowing.
Periodic variations are visible.
All periodic vibrations produce waves in the medium in which they are located.
Periodic washing can help prevent many pest problems.
Periodic waves come in many shapes and sizes - square, sinusoidal, sawtooth, to name but a few.
All periodical areas are on the main floor of the library.
Periodical articles are also sources that are a necessary part of any information investigation.
Periodical articles are an important source for detailed studies of a locality.
Periodical articles are another useful source of information.
Periodical articles are excellent sources of information.
Periodical articles are generally more specific topics than books.
Periodical articles are good sources of current information.
Periodical articles are often the best source of information on legal issues.
Periodical articles are usually on specific topics.
Periodical articles can be a great source of product, marketing, and industry information.
Periodical articles can be either scholarly journal articles or articles from popular magazines.
Periodical articles can provide shorter, more current, more focused information.
Periodical articles provide a different kind of information than books.
Periodical articles provide the most current form of printed information.
Many periodical articles are available on CDs or online in the library.
Many periodical articles are available online from any Internet computer on the campus network.
Many periodical articles are available online in full text.
Most periodical articles come within two weeks.
Some periodical articles are available in full text in the online versions.
Periodical bibliographies list the titles of periodicals, magazines, and journals.
Periodical checkout is renewable with permission from the librarian.
A periodical cicada is a cicada
Periodical cicada a.k.a.
Periodical cicadas are cicadas.
Periodical cicadas are especially interesting, because their lifecycles are highly synchronized.
Periodical cicadas are insects.
Periodical cicadas are located only in the United States east of the Great Plains.
Periodical cicadas are smaller, averaging about an inch and a half in length.
Periodical cicadas are spectacular insects, often making sudden and dramatic appearances.
Periodical cicadas are unique to eastern North America.
Periodical cicadas are unusual insects.
Periodical cicadas are well-known for the incredible noise they make when they emerge.
Periodical cicadas can cause damage to young trees growing in the landscape.
Periodical cicadas can reproduce at the tremendous densities required to sustain their populations.
Periodical cicadas have a higher-pitched sound and sing during the day.
Periodical cicadas impose periodical oak wood accumulation.
Periodical cicadas lack any true defense mechanisms, and are safe to handle.
Periodical cicadas rely on their numbers for defense.
Periodical citations are complete under each film.
Periodical clippings appear second, arranged chronologically.
Periodical coverage includes a wide range of journals, from popular to professional.
Periodical coverage includes a wide range of scientific journals, from popular to professional.
Periodical coverage includes a wide range of scientific journals.
Periodical coverage includes approx.
Periodical coverage includes leading magazines from the United States, Canada and Great Britain.
Periodical coverage includes popular science magazines as well as professional journals.
Periodical coverage includes scholarly journals and numerous lesser-known but specialized magazines.
Periodical coverage is generally for the current four years and is updated weekly.
Periodical database is updated weekly.
Periodical databases Click each item for description.
Periodical databases provide citations and full-text for newspaper, magazine and journal articles.
Many periodical databases provide the abstract and full text of articles.
Some periodical databases contain full-text articles.
Periodical holdings are available on the online catalog.
Periodical holdings are fairly strong and reference sources are adequate.
Periodical holdings link on the library web page, includes links to title and subject lists.
Some Periodical holdings appear without identifying school , call number or location information.
Periodical indexes are also available, although many are subscription-based with user limitations.
Periodical indexes are also available.
Periodical indexes are also usually specific to a field such as psychology or medicine.
Periodical indexes are available in both paper and electronic formats.
Periodical indexes are available in both printed and electronic formats.
Periodical indexes are available in print and in database forms.
Periodical indexes are available in the same general area.
Periodical indexes are available online, on CD-ROM, or in print.
Periodical indexes are better for plans of lesser known and new buildings.
Periodical indexes are lists of articles found in periodicals.
Periodical indexes are some of the most frequently used and valuable indexes published.
Periodical indexes are usually specialized and cover a particular subject area.
Periodical indexes can be in print form or online.
Periodical indexes come in a variety of subject areas.
Periodical indexes come in different flavors.
Periodical indexes come in either print or electronic format, sometimes both.
Periodical indexes contain references to articles in magazines and journals and newspapers .
Periodical Indexes Find articles published in a wide variety of magazines and newspapers.
Periodical indexes provide access to the content of individual periodical titles.
Periodical indexes provide author and subject access to periodical literature.
Periodical indexes provide bibliographic information about articles in a specialized arrangement.
Periodical indexes provide much broader depth of coverage.
Periodical indexes provide subject access to articles appearing in a variety of magazines.
Periodical indexes provide the most efficient subject access to journals, magazines, and newspapers.
Periodical indexes provide the wherewithal to do so.
Periodical indexes vary considerably in format and coverage.
All periodical indexes use the following commands.
Many periodical indexes are available for self-serve use online.
Many periodical indexes are available in electronic form.
Many periodical indexes are now available in electronic format.
Many periodical indexes refer to articles that report the results of public opinion surveys.
Most periodical indexes are available in electronic format, or computer databases.
Most periodical indexes are now available as electronic databases.
Most periodical indexes contain abstracts or brief summaries of the articles.
Most periodical indexes cover a few hundred periodicals.
Some periodical indexes are books, while others are on computers.
Some periodical indexes are general in scope, while others are very focussed on a particular topic.
Some periodical indexes are in electronic format, and some in print format.
Some periodical indexes contain abstracts or brief summaries of the articles.
Some periodical indexes cover specific areas of a subject, i.e., chemistry, nursing, etc.
Periodical indexers assign subjects to magazine and journal articles based on their content.
Periodical information is provided in bibliographies at the end of the volume.
Periodical issues circulate for one week after they are three months old.
Most periodical issues circulate for one week.
Periodical items are for library use only.
Periodical items have special coding in the fixed fields of the item.
Periodical literature addresses a broad spectrum of information needs.
Periodical literature concentrates on national, rather than regional, historical journals.
Periodical literature is the chief source of current information.
Periodical mail refers to magazines and newspapers.
Periodical meditation is positively necessary and efficacious for the soul of every priest.
Periodical participants are Britain, Belgium, the Netherlands and the United States.
Periodical postage is paid at Hagerstown, MD, and at additional mailing offices.
Periodical postage is paid at Richmond, VA, and at additional offices.
Periodical postage is paid at Washington, DC, and at additional mailing offices.
Periodical publishers try to acquire new-media licenses in several ways.
Periodical publishing is a very risky business with an extraordinary failure rate.
Periodical records show titles and volumes owned.
Periodical reports are available on subscription.
Periodical resources are non-circulating.
Periodical status reports.
Periodical subscriptions are a lengthy commitment, and most often serve more than one department.
Periodical subscriptions help staff to be on the cutting edge of new ideas and developments.
Periodical subscriptions represent an ongoing committment.
Periodical title identified by key numbers see numbered list of journals indexed.
Some periodical titles are available on CD-ROM or online.
Some periodical titles are on microform.
Many periodical volumes are in math storage also.
A periodical is a publication
Periodicals allow the Russian community to follow cultural interests and current events.
Periodicals also handles in-house and professional binding of magazines.
Periodicals also provide a forum for disseminating information to the professional community.
Periodicals also provide the most current treatment of a topic.
Periodicals appear on a regular basis.
Periodicals appear quarterly or more frequently and are shelved in Periodicals.
Periodicals are a significant element in the collection.
Periodicals are also a good source for summaries of taxation treaties.
Periodicals are also on the first floor.
Periodicals are an excellent place to begin the research for a case study.
Periodicals are an excellent source of information about potential careers.
Periodicals are an important part of any library collection.
Periodicals are an important research tool.
Periodicals are an important source of information for current events in any given subject field.
Periodicals are another great resource for job listings.
Periodicals are available and can be checked out for one day only.
Periodicals are available both in electronic form and in hard copy.
Periodicals are available for a one-week loan to faculty and staff only.
Periodicals are available for brief checkout upon request.
Periodicals are available for use in the library only.
Periodicals are available in paper or microfiche formats.
Periodicals are available in paper, microfiche and microfilm formats.
Periodicals are available in paper, on microform, and in electronic formats.
Periodicals are available in print form, bound form, or on microform.
Periodicals are available in print, electronic and microfilm formats.
Periodicals are available in print, microform, and online.
Periodicals are available in print, on microfilm and microfiche and electronically.
Periodicals are available in several different locations.
Periodicals are available in several locations on the lower level of the library.
Periodicals are available in the following formats.
Periodicals are available in the following languages.
Periodicals are available on a separate page .
Periodicals are available on two day loan.
Periodicals are browsable by subject, title and publisher.
Periodicals are continuous publications such as journals, newspapers, or magazines.
Periodicals are continuous publications, such as journals, newspapers or magazines.
Periodicals are current, sometimes more lively, and present information in smaller chunks.
Periodicals are documents.
Periodicals are for building use only.
Periodicals are for in-library use only.
Periodicals are for library use only.
Periodicals are for library-use only, please.
Periodicals are for recent information and often feature one specific aspect of the subject .
Periodicals are for reference only but self service photocopying facilities are available.
Periodicals are for reference use only in the library.
Periodicals are for room use only, and a photocopier is available.
Periodicals are for use in the library only .
Periodicals are for use in the library only.
Periodicals are from the most recent five years.
Periodicals are generally the largest component of scientific bibliographic databases.
Periodicals are generally unavailable for in person loans.
Periodicals are good source for information about documents and publications.
Periodicals are good sources for contemporary or current information.
Periodicals are here organized alphabetically.
Periodicals are important because they are an excellent source for current information.
Periodicals are in the business of maximizing sales of each issue.
Periodicals are journals , magazines , and newspapers .
Periodicals are limited to overnight use.
Periodicals are literary works published at regular intervals.
Periodicals are located in bookstores.
Periodicals are located in libraries.
Periodicals are magazines and journals.
Periodicals are magazines, newspapers, journals, and similar publications.
Periodicals are magazines, scholarly journals, newspapers, and newsletters.
Periodicals are materials published at regular intervals.
Periodicals are materials that are issued periodically such as magazines, journals or newspapers.
Periodicals are more ephemeral than books.
Periodicals are more likely to cover local and state topics.
Periodicals are newspapers, magazines and journals.
Periodicals are on microfilm, books and other materials are on microfiche.
Periodicals are on the first floor.
Periodicals are one of the best sources of current information on a subject.
Periodicals are one type of serials.
Periodicals are publications issued on an ongoing basis.
Periodicals are publications that are issued in frequent regular intervals.
Periodicals are publications that are issued, well, periodically.
Periodicals are publications that are published on a regular basis and at least once a year.
Periodicals are publications.
Periodicals are searchable by title, subject, and keyword just like books.
Periodicals are secondary sources, but they can be vital clues to the original records.
Periodicals are serials.
Periodicals are serieses.
Periodicals are subject to recall without any waiting period.
Periodicals are the largest expense in the library's budget.
Periodicals are titles which are published on a regular and continuing basis.
Periodicals are to be used in the library only.
Periodicals are to be used within the facility only.
Periodicals are useful only for current information.
Periodicals are usually available for loan in the library premises only.
Periodicals are usually one microfiche sheet per issue.
Periodicals are usually the most current sources of research information in printed form.
Periodicals are very important in preparing reports, speeches, or term papers.
Periodicals Below is a complete listing of periodical subscriptions identified by agency location.
Periodicals binding requires four to six weeks.
Periodicals Call no.
Periodicals can also provide insight on current information about telecommuting.
Periodicals can be an excellent source of information on women in the arts.
Periodicals can have subject headings as well as books.
Periodicals can t currently leave the library.
Periodicals change titles frequently.
Periodicals charged overnight are due back within one hour after the library next opens.
Periodicals check out for two-weeks.
Periodicals circulate by special arrangement only.
Periodicals circulate for three days .
Periodicals circulate for three days.
Periodicals circulate for two weeks.
Periodicals circulate overnight.
Periodicals circulate to faculty for one week.
Periodicals cited are from film producing countries.
Periodicals Click Here for a full listing of all links.
Periodicals come in a variety of styles and are published for a variety of audiences.
Periodicals consist of publications issued at regular intervals.
Periodicals contain articles which have more focused and current information than books.
Periodicals contain articles, stories or other writings, by several contributors.
Periodicals contain articles, which are good sources to use when researching assignment topics.
Periodicals contain articles, which are good sources to use when researching paper topics.
Periodicals cost ten cents per page.
Periodicals cover a wide range including news, literature and popular culture.
Periodicals cover all subject areas and the information is current.
Periodicals cover events more quickly and concisely than books.
Periodicals cover political, economic, ecological and third world issues.
Periodicals covered include English-language periodicals, yearbooks, and museum bulletins.
Periodicals covered include popular business magazines, scholarly journals and trade publications.
Periodicals do circulate, but generally for fairly brief periods of time.
Periodicals do NOTcheck out.
Periodicals Get information about newspapers, journals, and microforms.
Periodicals Get the greatest magazines at discount prices.
Periodicals have a great deal of content that can be offered over the Internet.
Periodicals have a limited space and often receive more letters than they can possibly publish.
Periodicals have a primary focus on pertinent issues affecting women s livesaround the world.
Periodicals have a primary focus on pertinent issues affecting women's lives around the world.
Periodicals have a separate budgetary allocation.
Periodicals have a variety of purposes and kinds of audiences.
Periodicals have classmarks, like books, and are arranged on the main floors by subject.
Periodicals have special prices for Canada , Mexico and Europe .
Periodicals Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Periodicals includes bibliographic references to recent magazine and journal articles.
Periodicals includes newspapers, popular magazines, and scholarly journals.
Periodicals indexed are in English, Spanish, or Portuguese.
Periodicals indexed are of a broad, popular, and general nature.
Periodicals indexed are scholarly in nature.
Periodicals indexed include academic reviews, bar association journals, and specialty journals.
Periodicals is a general term for all journals, magazines and newspapers.
Periodicals is just another name for magazines .
Periodicals is the department that houses the magazine, journal and newspaper collection.
Periodicals Keep up with the latest in investigative reporting.
Periodicals Link to the list of current subscriptions .
Periodicals list .
Periodicals Listed below are periodicals related to hate crimes.
Periodicals Listed below are periodicals related to presidential elections.
Periodicals Listed below are periodicals related to substance abuse.
Periodicals normally circulate for two days.
Periodicals now share space with reference services.
Periodicals pay their usual compensation .
Periodicals pay their usual compensation.
Periodicals play a unique role in the distribution of information and library research.
Periodicals posuge paid at New York.
Periodicals provide indexing to articles in magazines by author and subject.
Periodicals provides access to hundreds of Web-based journals and electronic newsletters.
Periodicals provides citations to journal articles on the subject of religion and theology.
Periodicals provides several different analysis choices located at the bottom of the window.
Periodicals Provides the only source directed exclusively to coverage of legal newsletters.
Periodicals range from general to specialized publications.
Periodicals range from scholarly theater journals to weekly trade papers.
Periodicals range from scholarly, critical, technical to popular.
Periodicals Read our newsletters and other publications on the Web.
Periodicals receive top priority in reshelving.
Periodicals refers to materials published periodically, i.e. daily, weekly, monthly or quarterly.
Periodicals reflect both scholarly and ephemeral or popular sources.
Periodicals refuse to review our books.
Periodicals represent a large part of the collection.
Periodicals represent an enormous investment, and their costs are difficult to control.
Periodicals serve as important sources of current information.
Periodicals shift on hold, because hanging rods in wrong place for oversize magazines.
Periodicals spring up and begin promoting the new wave of the future.
Periodicals Suggest other links.
Periodicals supplement the collections.
Periodicals tend to carry past weather information or medium to long-range forecasts and outlooks.
Periodicals Use employment periodicals to help locate vacancies.
Periodicals View current and inactive periodicals.
Periodicals often change titles or place of publication.
Periodicals often change titles.
Periodicals often provide the most recent information on a topic.
Periodicals often reprint various types of material, including abstracts from original sources.
Periodicals usually contain a number of separate articles.
All periodicals are for library use only.
All periodicals are for reference only in the Library.
All periodicals are for reference only.
All periodicals are for reference use within the library.
All periodicals are for use in the library only .
All periodicals are free to members.
All periodicals are in alphabetical order on the shelves.
All periodicals are only for use in library .
All periodicals are reference only .
All periodicals are serials, publications issued at regular intervals.
All periodicals are to be used in the library only.
All periodicals are to be used only within the library.
All periodicals circulate except for the current issues.
All periodicals held by the Fox Lake District Library are back issues of the original printings.
All periodicals listed offer some full text articles free of charge.
Many periodicals are also available full-text online, through library subscriptions.
Many periodicals are also available online.
Many periodicals are available electronically.
Many periodicals are available for browsing in open stacks.
Many periodicals are available full-text online.
Many periodicals are available in full text using the Indexes listed above.
Many periodicals are available in full text using the indexes listed in the above section.
Many periodicals are available in Spanish.
Many periodicals are available online.
Many periodicals are now accessible online.
Many periodicals are now available in an electronic format.
Many periodicals are now available online .
Many periodicals carry articles on child care.
Many periodicals contain articles on a variety of arbitration issues.
Many periodicals devoted to the fine arts have articles on prints and printmakers.
Many periodicals have a number of their monthly articles posted on their websites.
Many periodicals have style sheets available on request or on their Web sites.
Many periodicals have their electronic versions available on the Internet.
Many periodicals index their own articles.
Many periodicals offer the full text of articles.
Many periodicals publish primarily long articles.
Many periodicals published within the past year are also available there.
Most periodicals are for use in the Library only.
Most periodicals are on open access but some back issues are kept in the closed stack.
Most periodicals are on open access, but some back issues are kept in the closed stack.
Most periodicals are on the first floor of the library.
Most periodicals are on the shelf.
Most periodicals have three year back files.
Most periodicals only review two, three, or at most, half a dozen titles in any issue.
Some periodicals also contain an index in the last issue of the year.
Some periodicals are also available in electronic form on the internet.
Some periodicals are also available in electronic form on the web.
Some periodicals are also available in microform.
Some periodicals are also self-indexed.
Some periodicals are available directly from the agencies for a subscription fee.
Some periodicals are available electronically.
Some periodicals are available in both paper and microfilm formats.
Some periodicals are available in microform.
Some periodicals are available on the Web and some periodicals are available only in paper format.
Some periodicals are available online.
Some periodicals are available only on microfiche.
Some periodicals are available only on microfilm.
Some periodicals are in microfiche cards instead of rolls.
Some periodicals are in microfiche or microfilm format.
Some periodicals are in microform format and are stored in the microform area on the first floor.
Some periodicals are in paper form, but many are in microformat.
Some periodicals are on microfilm on the first floor.
Some periodicals are on microfilm.
Some periodicals are store on microfilm or microfiche.
Some periodicals come in the microfilm format and are located in two different areas.
Some periodicals contain primarily speeches.
Some periodicals contain several or all three categories of information.
Some periodicals have their own indexes, which cover their contents only.
Some periodicals issue a cumulative index each year or few years.
Some periodicals provide excellent biographical details.
Some periodicals suggest articles be a specific length.
Periodicity comes easily to people who have two well matched legs.
Periodicity creates the identifiable forms that extend through time.
Periodicity is a cyclical variation in a characteristic being measured.
Periodicity is a particularly useful primitive.
Periodicity is annual, with data supplied through the most recent estimates.
Periodicity is annual.
Periodicity is basic to life.
Periodicity is discussed.
Periodicity is essential for synchronization and coordination of intracellular processes.
Periodicity is once every three months.
Periodicity is regularity
Periodicity is the most useful aspect of duration because it gives beat and rhythm to music.
Periodicity is the time frame displayed in the chart.
Periodicity is unknown, but the species' activity likely is reduced in winter.
Periodicity See Notes.
Periodicity shows that the ball returns to the same position after an interval of a definite time.
Periodish garments are all machine stitched.
Periodontal abscesses can be acute or chronic .
Periodontal bacteria can enter the blood stream and travel to major organs and begin new infections.
Periodontal bacteria can exacerbate diabetes control and lead to serious complications.
A periodontal disease is a disease
Periodontal disease affects both human and mammals alike.
Periodontal disease affects most pets and can lead to infection in the liver, kidneys and heart.
Periodontal disease attacks the gums and bone that support theteeth.
Periodontal disease begins when bacteria invade the gum tissue surrounding the teeth.
Periodontal disease begins when plaque forms on the tooth near the gingival sulcus.
Periodontal disease begins with gingivitis.
Periodontal disease can affect one tooth or many teeth.
Periodontal disease can also exacerbate existing heart conditions.
Periodontal disease can be a silent disease, but oftentimes it does come with warning signs.
Periodontal disease can cause bacteria to enter the bloodstream and activate immune cells.
Periodontal disease can lead to more than just loss of teeth.
Periodontal disease can lead to tooth loss.
Periodontal disease can occur at any age.
Periodontal disease can, however, progress slowly without any visible signs or symptoms.
Periodontal disease increases risk of diabetes and chronic lung disease.
Periodontal disease involves inflammation of the gums and loss of bone around the roots of teeth.
Periodontal disease is a bacterial infection and all infections are a cause for concern.
Periodontal disease is a bacterial infection located in the tissues which surround teeth.
Periodontal disease is a broad term for a condition that causes inflammation and bleeding gums.
Periodontal disease is a causative factor of bad breath.
Periodontal disease is a chronic condition that becomes progressively more severe without treatment.
Periodontal disease is a disease of the gums and other supporting structures of the teeth.
Periodontal disease is a leading cause of bleeding, infection, pain, and tooth loss among adults.
Periodontal disease is a leading cause of tooth loss in adults.
Periodontal disease is a major cause of chronic bad breath.
Periodontal disease is a major cause of tooth loss in adults.
Periodontal disease is a major cause of tooth loss.
Periodontal disease is a major health care issue affecting a large sector of the population.
Periodontal disease is a predictor of cardiovascular disease in a native American population.
Periodontal disease is a progressive disease affecting the gums and the jawbone.
Periodontal disease is a risk factor for coronary artery disease.
Periodontal disease is a vastly under treated health problem that carries serious health risks.
Periodontal disease is a very common infectious problem especially in the United States.
Periodontal disease is an inflammatory disorder that increases tissue damage and loss.
Periodontal disease is an inflammatory response to bacteria that reside within the gum tissue.
Periodontal disease is associated with lower blood levels of vitamins and minerals.
Periodontal disease is believed to be the most common infectious disease after the common cold.
Periodontal disease is caused by bacteria and plaque which attach the soft gum tissue of the mouth.
Periodontal disease is caused by bacteria growing beneath the gum line.
Periodontal disease is caused by bacteria, which form plaque in and around the gum tissue.
Periodontal disease is caused by bacteria.
Periodontal disease is caused by bacterial plaque.
Periodontal disease is caused by chronic bacterial infections in the bone that supports the teeth.
Periodontal disease is common.
Periodontal disease is considered one of the most important sources of more serious infections.
Periodontal disease is destruction of bone and the structures supporting the teeth.
Periodontal disease is difficult to measure objectively.
Periodontal disease is inflammation of some or all of the tooth's support.
Periodontal disease is initiated by the toxic metabolic products of bacteria in dental plaque.
Periodontal disease is interpreted in different ways by different authors.
Periodontal disease is more severe than gingivitis and is irreversible.
Periodontal disease is painful.
Periodontal disease is prevalent in the modern pet population.
Periodontal disease is preventable.
Periodontal disease is progressive, and eventually results in premature tooth loss if untreated.
Periodontal disease is responsible for more tooth loss than all other reasons combined.
Periodontal disease is suffered sooner or later by the vast majority of cats.
Periodontal disease is the advanced stage of gum disease.
Periodontal disease is the deterioration of the supporting structures of the teeth.
Periodontal disease is the leading cause of tooth loss in adults.
Periodontal disease is the main cause of tooth loss in adults.
Periodontal disease is the major cause of tooth loss in adults.
Periodontal disease is the most common ailment of small animals.
Periodontal disease is the most common cause of tooth loss.
Periodontal disease is the most common condition in the ferret older than six years.
Periodontal disease is the most common dental condition affecting dogs and cats.
Periodontal disease is the most common disease of small animals.
Periodontal disease is the most common disease that affects our feline and canine friends.
Periodontal disease is the most common of all small animal maladies.
Periodontal disease is the most common oral disease in cats.
Periodontal disease is the number one cause of tooth loss in adults.
Periodontal disease is the number one cause of tooth loss in North America.
Periodontal disease is the number one reason for adult tooth loss.
Periodontal disease is the number-one cause of tooth loss.
Periodontal disease is the number-one chronic infectious disease in the world.
Periodontal disease is usually a slow, painless, progressive disease.
Periodontal disease is usually painless so most adults are unaware they have it.
Periodontal disease is very common.
Periodontal disease is viewed as an infection, which is caused by plaque bacteria.
Periodontal disease occurs as a result of improper oral hygiene.
Periodontal disease occurs naturally in a wide range of species from rodents to humans.
Periodontal disease occurs when the immune system reacts to virulent plaque bacteria at the gumline.
Periodontal disease progresses silently, often without pain or symptoms.
Periodontal disease results from a bacterial infection of the gums and bone supporting the teeth.
Periodontal disease starts as gingivitis, which causes sore, bleeding gums.
Periodontal disease starts with bacteria.
Periodontal disease starts with plaque.
Periodontal diseases are among the most common infectious diseases affecting mankind.
Periodontal diseases are diseases.
Periodontal diseases are host-regulated bacterial infections.
Periodontal diseases are infections of the gum and bone that hold the teeth in place.
Periodontal diseases are painless until their advanced stages.
Periodontal diseases can affect one tooth or many teeth.
All periodontal disease is caused by plaque.
Most periodontal diseases are preventable with professional treatment and proper oral hygiene.
Periodontal health begins at home.
Periodontal health is also important.
Periodontal infections can also be a result of loss of surrounding bone structure.
Periodontal literature reviews.
Periodontal microbiology is an extremely specialized field with only a limited number of experts.
Periodontal patients apply with oral irrigator for added effectiveness.
Periodontal pockets are soft tissue changes.
Some periodontal problems require referral to a dental specialist called a periodontist.
Periodontal surgery is used for difficult or extreme cases of periodontal disease.
Periodontal therapy is done by a dentist and a dental hygienist.
Periodontal tissue changes incidental to disease and various therapeutic modalities.
Periodontal tissue responses after insertion of artificial crowns and fixed partial dentures.
Periodontal treatment can include many types of procedures.
Periodontal treatment is provided by graduate students supervised by faculty.
A periodontist is a dentist
Periodontists are dentists.
Periodontists can place implants as well.
Periodontists diagnose and treat disease of the gums and the bones which support the teeth.
Periodontists diagnose and treat diseases of the gingival tissue and bone supporting the teeth.
Periodontists diagnose and treat diseases of the gums and bone supporting the teeth.
Periodontists specialize in treating disease of the tissues supporting and surrounding the teeth.
Periodontists treat diseased tissues that support the teeth.
Periodontists treat diseases of the gums.
Periodontists treat the gums and bone supporting the teeth.
Perioperative care is provided.
Perioperative infections are a major cause of morbidity and mortality in critically ill patients.
Perioperative morbidity includes development of supraventricular arrhythmias.
Perioperative nurses are cross trained to pre-op, the operating room, and recovery.
Perioperative nurses are well positioned to lead efforts in evidence-based practice.
Perioperative nursing is a specialized area of practice.
Perioperative risks vary depending on the method used.
Periorbital cellulitis is an infection of the soft tissue superficial to the orbital septum.
Periosteal acupuncture involves needling the surface of the bone.
Periosteal elevation helps stimulate growth.
Periosteal reaction is absent except when a pathologic fracture is present.
Periosteal reaction is atypical.
Periosteal reaction is present in most patients.
Periosteal reaction is seen with cortical destruction.
A periosteum is animal tissue
Periosteum covers cortical surface.
Periosteum is incised mainly posteriorly.
Periosteum is left intact.
Periosteum is reflected as integral part of flap.
Periosteum is soft connective tissue.
Periosteum isa tissue.
Periosteum overlies a cartilagenous cap.
Periosteums are body parts.
Periosteums are layers.
Periosteums are membranes.
Periosteums have (part) corpi.
Peripartum interventions increase breast feeding rates.
Peripatric speciation is a critical underpinning of the theory of punctuated equilibrium .
Peripatric speciation is a subset of allopatric speciation.
A peripeteia is surprise
Peripeteia is a solid, attractive, engaging work.
Peripeteia is thus a kind of opera without words or specific plot.
Peripheral areas reveal a degree of degradation due to grazing.
Some peripheral areas are still unaffected.
Peripheral awareness is extremely important.
Peripheral awareness Make use of students' peripheral awareness to enhance non-conscious learning.
Peripheral axons are visible to the lower left.
Peripheral blockade requires less supervision postoperatively.
Peripheral blood is normal except for reduced platelet numbers.
Peripheral blur is counterbalanced here by enlarged letters.
Peripheral busses allow one device to talk to other devices.
Most peripheral cables are appallingly heavy.
Peripheral cards require a software driver to function.
Peripheral characters turn into major players.
Peripheral chemoreceptors are in the carotid bodies in mammals birds and amphibians.
Peripheral chemoreceptors are located in the aorta and carotid arteries.
Peripheral components enable only specific USB functions required by the peripheral.
Peripheral cyanosis is the result of decreased blood flow to the skin secondary to vasoconstriction.
Some peripheral cytoplasm contains organelles.
Peripheral details are insignificant compared to the base.
A peripheral device is electronic equipment
Peripheral devices can reside inside the computer case or outside.
Peripheral devices support.
Peripheral disease can be present in the hands, arms, hips, legs and feet.
Peripheral edema can occur in adults with cardiac failure.
Some peripheral edema is common.
Peripheral emboli can develop causing arterial insufficiency.
Peripheral eosinophilia is noted with the oral form.
Peripheral epinephrine modulates the effects of posttraining amygdala stimulation on memory.
Peripheral equipment includes a CD-ROM writer, color scanner, and video capture boards.
Peripheral equipment includes laser printer, color scanner and color ink-jet printer.
Peripheral equipment includes laser printers, digitizers, and digital plotters.
Peripheral equipment includes printers, disk drives, and tape readers.
Peripheral equipment is necessary for people to interact with a computer system .
Peripheral equipment is necessary for people to interact with a computer system.
Peripheral equipment is powered on and operational.
Peripheral equipment is that which can be added to the computer.
Peripheral equipment performs support functions.
Peripheral factors seem relatively unimportant in controlling dust bathing.
Peripheral fatigue Is the result of muscular effort.
Peripheral fibres transmit the impulses afferently to cell bodies in the dorsal root ganglia.
Peripheral groups meet less often with the artist.
Peripheral hardware includes plotting devices, color scanners and printers.
All peripheral irritations produce nerve reflexes.
Many peripheral issues are also worthy of consideration.
Peripheral joints show no signs of inflammation.
All peripheral joints are susceptible to psoriatic arthritis along with the entire spine.
Peripheral lymphadenopathy is present.
Peripheral lymphadenopathy is uncommon.
Peripheral lymphadenopathy is usually inconspicuous.
Peripheral machines measure density in the finger, wrist, kneecap, shin bone and heel.
Peripheral muscles occur in antagonistic pairs.
Peripheral nerves are actually bundles of single nerve fibers.
Peripheral nerves are among the longest in the body.
Peripheral nerves are like electrical wires.
Peripheral nerves are repeatedly st imulated at a specific rate, and the impulses are recorded.
Peripheral nerves can no longer send messages that require immediate action.
Peripheral nerves connect the spinal cord and the brain to all other organs of the body.
Peripheral nerves consist of many fascicles that contain myelinated and unmyelinated axons.
Peripheral nerves do heal, but only slowly so it can take months for symptoms to subside.
Peripheral nerves go to the arms, hands, legs, and feet.
Peripheral nerves pass out from the various ganglia to supply different parts of the body.
Peripheral nerves supply muscles.
Most peripheral nerves are mixed nerves, meaning they contain both sensory and motor neurons.
Peripheral neuropathies are one category of neuromuscular diseases.
Peripheral neuropathies can cause degeneration of the axons, the core of the nerve fibres.
Peripheral neuropathy affects the hands, feet, legs, toes, or fingers.
Peripheral neuropathy can result in serious health difficulties.
Peripheral neuropathy is a common manifestation of diabetic patients.
Peripheral neuropathy is a complication of many systemic diseases.
Peripheral neuropathy is a disease of the nerves.
Peripheral neuropathy is a disorder affecting various peripheral nerves.
Peripheral neuropathy is a disorder of the nerves in the feet and hands.
Peripheral neuropathy is a disorder that affects the peripheral motor, sensory or autonomic nerves.
Peripheral neuropathy is a form of nerve damage.
Peripheral neuropathy is a side effect caused by damage to the nerves.
Peripheral neuropathy is characterized by pain, tingling, burning or numbness in the hands and feet.
Peripheral neuropathy is damage to the nerves outside the brain and spinal cord.
Peripheral neuropathy is diseases.
Peripheral neuropathy is extremely painful, especially at night.
Peripheral neuropathy is illnesses.
Peripheral neuropathy is nerve damage to the extremities.
Peripheral neuropathy is often responsible for the ataxia seen in chronic alcoholics.
Peripheral neuropathy is the most common adverse effect of vincristine.
Peripheral neuropathy is the most common toxic effect.
Peripheral neuropathy occurs in about a third of patients.
Peripheral neuropathy refers to loss of peripheral nerve function.
Peripheral neuropathy represents a slow dying of the neuron bodies.
Peripheral neuropathy tends to be the most painful at night.
Any peripheral neuropathy can cause abnormal results.
Any peripheral neuropathy requires special considerations by the physical therapist.
Many peripheral neuropathies are hereditary, that is genetically determined.
Peripheral nodes require boundary function assistance from an adjacent subarea node.
Peripheral parking is available.
Peripheral participation is measured by growth with the growth leading to full participation.
Peripheral ponds lacking connection to the main marsh are comparatively clear.
Peripheral prices tend to be much more stable.
Peripheral proteins are on the membrane surface.
Peripheral proteins attach loosely to the inner or outer surface of the plasma membrane.
Peripheral pulses are better after two liters.
Peripheral pulses are full and symmetric.
Peripheral pulses are full.
Peripheral pulses are normal.
Peripheral pulses are palpable and equal bilaterally.
Peripheral pulses are present but pedal pulses are weak.
Peripheral pulses are strong and no edema is noted.
Peripheral pulses are symmetric and regular.
Peripheral resistance is increased by vasoconstriction.
Peripheral sensation is intact.
Peripheral sensitization refers to the lowering of a normally high nociceptor threshold.
Peripheral shift reduces visual sensitivity in cat geniculate neurones.
Peripheral skills are a plus.
Peripheral smear shows intraerythrocitic ring forms.
Peripheral speed is easier to adjust on combines with variable speed reel controls.
Peripheral stimulation activates specific neural circuits in the spinal cord and brain.
Peripheral support includes analog joypads.
Peripheral support is also woefully lacking.
Peripheral support is stronger.
Peripheral tourism is a standard part of our business.
Peripheral tumors appear as discrete nodules.
Peripheral tumors are usually asymptomatic.
Peripheral vasoconstriction occurs in shock.
Peripheral vasoconstriction occurs with a detected drop in tissue temperature.
Peripheral vasodilation occurs.
Peripheral vasodilators are also of some use.
Peripheral vision allows creatures to effectively scan for danger.
Peripheral vision becomes impaired.
Peripheral vision can be most useful in spotting collision threats from other aircraft.
Peripheral vision diminishes.
Peripheral vision goes first.
Peripheral vision goes flat followed by gradual loss of central or reading vision.
Peripheral vision goes to one hemisphere only.
Peripheral vision helps prey.
Peripheral vision is a great advantage for a photographer.
Peripheral vision is at lower resolution, which makes visual responses much faster.
Peripheral vision is enhanced by the wide-angle design.
Peripheral vision is enhanced in congenitally deaf individuals.
Peripheral vision is excellent.
Peripheral vision is good, but vertical vision is fair.
Peripheral vision is important, too.
Peripheral vision is known and used in many older cultures as a tool for achieving useful states.
Peripheral vision is limited and can pose a significant risk in a crowded environment.
Peripheral vision is lost first.
Peripheral vision is often unaffected in the early stages of the disease.
Peripheral vision is retained.
Peripheral vision is sight.
Peripheral vision is spared.
Peripheral vision is terrible.
Peripheral vision is unaffected allowing a certain amount of mobility in normal surroundings.
Peripheral vision is unaffected, allowing a certain amount of mobility in normal surroundings.
Peripheral vision is unaffected.
Peripheral vision is vision
Peripheral vision refers to the outer limits of a person's visual field.
Peripheral vision remains unaffected.
Peripheral vision remains.
Peripheral vision turns black.
Peripheral vision works well.
All peripheral vision is killed.
Most peripheral vision helps prey.
A peripheral is electronic equipment
Peripheral acknowledges reverse channel request via asserting nAckReverse low.
Peripheral is affected also.
Peripheral is set for the wrong time zone.
Peripheral means the ear and balance mechanism is causing the problem.
Peripherals also provides CDs, diskettes and all other magnetic media.
Peripherals are a printer, a high-speed modem, a zip drive, and a scanner.
Peripherals are available from most major companies at an educational price.
Peripherals are electronic equipment.
Peripherals are front and center when it comes to upgrading a system from sub-par to supersonic.
Peripherals are part of computers.
Peripherals are parts added on to the computer to allow it to do special tasks.
Peripherals are the doorway to our happy place.
Peripherals are the one exception to that rule.
Peripherals can degauss and destroy sensitive magnetic media onsite or at our Denver facility.
Peripherals can make all the difference, whether in a car or on a console system.
Peripherals has government and non-government approved degaussers, new and reconditioned.
Peripherals make good stocking stuffers or holiday gifts.
Peripherals refer to all hardware accessories outside of the actual game console.
All peripherals are daisy chained.
Many peripherals employ new technology to enhance players' gaming experience.
A periphery is an edge
Peripheries are boundaries.
Periphery assumes no responsibility for material submitted without sufficient return postage.
Periphery has underdeveloped or narrowly specialized economies with low levels of productivity.
Periphery means the external boundary of something, or the external surface of a body.
A periphrasis is verbosity
Periphrasis is the expression of an idea by using many words rather than just a few.
Periphytic bacteria cue oyster larvae to set on fertile benthic biofilms.
Periphytic diatom assemblages on a windward fringing reef flat in Guam.
Periportal necrosis occurs in eclampsia and in phosphorous toxicity.
Perirectal abscesses are generally polymicrobial aerobic and anaerobic infections.
Perirhinal cortex is believed to be a critical component of the medial temporal lobe memory system.
A periscope is an optical instrument
Periscope isa instrument.
Periscopes are now inside the pressure hull.
Periscopes are part of submarines.
Periscopes are still useful, despite the sonar and electronic sensors of modern submarines.
Periscopes have (part) lenses.
Periscopes have (part) sections.
Most periscopes are part of submarines.
Some periscopes have benefits.
Perisegmental speech improves consonant and vowel identification.
Perishable classes keep the site fresh and interesting.
Perishable food can remain at room temperature a maximum of two hours.
Perishable food feeds perishable life.
Perishable food is purchased by our conference.
Perishable food is what refrigerators, freezers, preservatives, and expiration dates are all about.
Perishable foods can wilt.
All perishable food has to be out of the house.
Most perishable foods require some processing to ensure they have an adequate shelf life.
All perishable orders are final.
A perishable is a food product
Perishables are a good example of logistics since they are living produces.
Perishables are foodstuff.
Perishables are non-refundable.
Perishables come from local suppliers.
Perishables go by reefer.
Perishables have a much better chance of surviving if properly labeled.
Perished blades can result in restricted vision during a downpour of rain.
A perissodactyl is a hoofed mammal
Perissodactyls have a simple stomach , in contrast to the chambered structure of most artiodactyls.
Perissodactyls inhabit a number of different habitats, leading to different lifestyles.
All perissodactyls are hindgut fermenters.
Peristalsis ceases without chemical stimulation.
Peristalsis is a normal function of the body to move fluid from one place to another.
Peristalsis is A. production of saliva.
Peristalsis is absent.
Peristalsis is accomplished by the thick muscles which make up the wall of the esophagus.
Peristalsis is an activity
Peristalsis is an muscle contraction that moves rapidly along an organ.
Peristalsis is defined as a peculiar worm-like wave motion of the intestines.
Peristalsis is more frequent in the duodenum and jejunum than in the ileum.
Peristalsis is the movement of muscles to force food along the gut.
Peristalsis is the slow and gradual movement of food through the digestive system.
Peristalsis is under the influence of the cholinergic and serotoninergic nervous systems.
Peristalsis isa process.
Peristalsis looks like an ocean wave traveling through the muscle as it contracts and relaxes.
Peristalsis moves the bolus along the esophagus to the stomach.
Peristalsis moves the bolus of food along the esophagus.
Peristalsis moves the food along the digestive tract.
Peristalsis moves the sperm from the epididymus along the vas deferens.
Peristalsis pushes food along the esophagus.
Peristalsis takes places.
Peristalsis works all through the digestive system.
Peristalsis usually slows down in the large intestine.
Most peristalsis takes places.
Peristaltic contractions help to break up the food ii.
Peristaltic motion is increased.
Peristaltic pump start the operation.
Peristaltic pumps are also very useful for the in-line filtration of groundwater samples.
Peristaltic pumps can accurately meter very low flows down to fractions of a milliliter.
Peristaltic pumps have a variety of medical applications.
Peristaltic waves travel longer distances and usually move in an arboreal direction.
A peristome is a structure
Peristome is present inside the capsule of the moss sporophyte.
Peristome ovate to subcircular.
Peritoneal cytology is performed routinely for all advanced gastric cancers.
Peritoneal dialysis allows direct removal of salicylic acid from serum.
Peritoneal dialysis allows patients to set their own dialysis schedule.
Peritoneal dialysis can improve the patient's quality of life.
Peritoneal dialysis is a process that uses a filter to clean the blood and remove extra fluids.
Peritoneal dialysis is a type of dialysis procedure that is done at home by the patient.
Peritoneal dialysis is done at home.
Peritoneal dialysis is easily portable and conducive to travel, and an independent lifestyle.
Peritoneal dialysis is easily portable and conducive to travel.
Peritoneal dialysis is the method used at home.
Peritoneal dialysis is the most simple and frequently used form of dialysis.
Peritoneal dialysis is used often in patients with diabetes.
Peritoneal dialysis is when doctors put a plastic tube into the person 's abdomen .
Peritoneal dialysis is when doctors put a plastic tube into the person's abdomen.
Peritoneal dialysis requires the placement of a peritoneal catheter.
Peritoneal dialysis uses the inside lining of the abdomen to act like a natural filter.
Peritoneal dialysis uses the lining of the abdomen as a filter.
Peritoneal dialysis uses the lining of the abdomen to filter blood.
Peritoneal dialysis uses the lining of the abdomen to filter the blood inside the body.
Peritoneal dialysis utilizes the peritoneal membrane, which is the lining of the abdominal cavity.
Peritoneal lavage is a less complicated procedure and can be used for treating severe hypothermia.
Peritoneal lavage is recommended on a selective basis in patients with pelvic fractures.
Peritoneal lavage is therefore an appropriate early diagnostic maneuver.
Peritoneal ligaments attach less mobile structures to the abdominal walls.
Peritoneal mesothelioma is a rare, either benign or malignant tumor of the peritoneum.
Peritoneal mesothelioma is a tumor of the abdominal mesothelium.
Peritoneal mesothelioma is an infrequently encountered tumor that has a poor prognosis.
Peritoneal mesothelioma is cancer of the peritoneum, which is the lining of the abdomen.
Peritoneal mesothelioma remains a difficult therapeutic challenge.
Peritoneal repair takes many more hours.
Peritoneal signs are present with midabdominal percussion.
Peritonsillar abscess is a complication of acute tonsillitis.
Peritonsillar abscess is an infection of the tissue around the tonsils.
Peritonsillar abscess is angina
Peritonsillar abscess is generally a disease of older children, adolescents, and young adults.
Peritonsillar abscess is much more likely to be seen in young adults than in children.
Peritonsillar abscess is pus in the peritonsillar space.
Peritonsillar abscess is relatively common in adults but rare in infants and young children.
Peritonsillar abscesses can be very dangerous and occasionally fatal.
Peritonsillar abscesses do require antibiotic treatment.
Peritrichous cells operate in the same way.
Peritubular circulation is derived from renal portal veins.
Periungual warts are common warts.
Periungual warts are difficult to treat.
Perivascular deposits destroy normal muscle and elastic tissue.
Periventricular location seems to cause more serious consequences.
Most periwinkle bugs eat aquatic vegetation including algae and leaves.
Periwinkle flower is in tune with the crown chakra.
Periwinkle plants grow in areas.
Periwinkle plants grow in habitats.
Most periwinkle plants grow in areas.
Most periwinkle plants grow in habitats.
Some periwinkle plants have treatments.
Most periwinkle reproduction occurs through vegetative spread.
Periwinkle snails eat grass.
Most periwinkle snails eat grass.
A periwinkle is a bush
Periwinkle grows well under trees and shrubs, on shaded slopes or on the north side of buildings.
Periwinkle isa bush.
Periwinkle isa shrub.
Periwinkle likes soil that is rich with humus, moist, and loosely packed.
Periwinkle loves to climb up on the stand and drink from it.
Periwinkle prefers full sun and takes a long time to flower when started from seed.
Periwinkles also contain the alkaloids reserpine and serpentine, which are powerful tranquilizers.
Periwinkles also reproduce by sexual discharge into the oceans.
Periwinkles are algae eaters.
Periwinkles are annual plants.
Periwinkles are essentially a small, marine snail with a dark, banded shell.
Periwinkles are graded by number of snails per kilogram.
Periwinkles are grazers of seaweeds.
Periwinkles are herbs.
Periwinkles are mollusks .
Periwinkles are seafood.
Periwinkles are the most colorful of the three animals.
Periwinkles are the most common animals.
Periwinkles are vegetarians.
Periwinkles can make it on very limited irrigation.
Periwinkles can perform very well in the landscape with little irrigation.
Periwinkles distribute themselves in different positions on the shore.
Periwinkles eat algae and plankton.
Periwinkles eat seaweed.
Periwinkles have (part) cell membranes.
Periwinkles have (part) cells.
Periwinkles have (part) corpi.
Periwinkles have (part) cytoplasm.
Periwinkles have (part) nuclei.
Periwinkles have (part) plasma membranes.
Periwinkles have (part) sections.
Periwinkles have (part) vacuoles.
Periwinkles have (part) xylem.
Periwinkles have a conical spiral shell, and feed on algae.
Periwinkles have background color.
Periwinkles have color.
Periwinkles have flowers.
Periwinkles have gray background color.
Periwinkles have gray color.
Periwinkles have opposite leaves.
Periwinkles help to control the abundance of the algae community.
Periwinkles live high in the inter-tidal region.
Periwinkles live in intertidal zones.
Periwinkles live in zones.
Periwinkles occur in fields.
Periwinkles occur in habitats.
Periwinkles prey on some of the mussels by drilling through the shell.
Periwinkles produce flowers.
Periwinkles sprinkle the rocks on many of our shores.
Periwinkles survive low tide or danger by closing their operculum or trap door.
Periwinkles tolerate full shades.
Periwinkles tolerate shades.
Most periwinkles have background color.
Most periwinkles have color.
Most periwinkles have flowers.
Most periwinkles have gray color.
Most periwinkles live in intertidal zones.
Most periwinkles live in zones.
Most periwinkles occur in fields.
Most periwinkles occur in habitats.
Most periwinkles produce flowers.
Most periwinkles tolerate full shades.
Some periwinkles grow in habitats.
Some periwinkles grow in shades.
Some periwinkles grow under trees.
Some periwinkles occur in annual grassland.
Some periwinkles occur in grassland.
Some periwinkles occur in patches.
Some periwinkles produce plants.
Some periwinkles show benefits.
Some periwinkles show great benefits.
Some periwinkles store food.
Perjurious testimony is a serious criminal offense.
Perjury traps have a colorful history in the United States.
Perjuries injure people all too often in our courts.
Perjury carries a maximum jail sentence of seven years.
Perjury has gradations.
Perjury is a common crime committed so frequently that it is taken for granted.
Perjury is a crime of the third degree punishable by a severe penalty.
Perjury is a crime with a five year penalty.
Perjury is a crime with a five-year penalty.
Perjury is a crime.
Perjury is a criminal offence, and it occurs when a witness tells a lie.
Perjury is a felony, with a possible sentence of four years in prison.
Perjury is a felony.
Perjury is a form of obstruction of justice.
Perjury is a legal term, applicable to legal circumstances only.
Perjury is a legal term.
Perjury is a serious crime, and lies are wrong.
Perjury is a terrible thing.
Perjury is a very serious crime.
Perjury is a violation
Perjury is a wilful and knowing telling of an untruth or a lie about a material fact under oath .
Perjury is all in the news.
Perjury is another name for lying under oath.
Perjury is essentially a form of obstructing a justice.
Perjury is far narrower than the lay concept of lying.
Perjury is illegal.
Perjury is misdemeanors.
Perjury is one of the most common abuses.
Perjury is Perjury.
Perjury is punishable by imprisonment in state prison for two, three or four years.
Perjury is punishable by imprisonment in state prison for two, three, or four years.
Perjury is punishable by law.
Perjury is rampant and what's going on in Washington just makes it worse.
Perjury is serious offense.
Perjury is such a nasty word.
Perjury is the criminal offense of making false statements under oath.
Perjury is the twin brother of bribery.
Perjury is to lie while under an oath to be truthful.
Perjury means lying at a trial .
Perjury means lying at a trial.
Perjury requires proof that an individual knowingly made a false statement while under oath.
Perjury requires that a person knowingly and willfully set out to deceive.
Perjury resulting in execution of an innocent defendant is punishable by death.
Perk permit is pending.
A perk is a benefit
Perks abound for college athletes.
Perks abound, along with very impressive salaries.
Perks are excellent, and the surroundings are plush.
Perks are numerous and widespread.
Perks are often times ownership in development or purchase opportunities.
Perks are prominent in their minds when making their decisions.
Perks are special elements of the level up system which grant special effects and abilities.
Perks are what make designs go over budget.
Perks come along with the salaries at some orchestras.
Perks help plug the crack in the dam.
Perks points to one of many needed reforms in education, whether at home, at church or at school.
Perks reinforce unquestioning obedience and conformity.
Perks suggest division and hierarchical thought processes.
All perks are based on a first come, first serve basis and are subject to availibility.
All perks are good and only benefit the player.
Many perks now focus on helping the worker succeed as both an employee and as an individual.
Most perks are taxable in other countries.
PERL comments work like shell script comments.
Perl documentation is also available to download to local computers from the Web for free.
Perl documentation is available on the web, or via perldoc.
Perl experience is a plus.
Perl hackers are everywhere on the web.
Perl modules are also available.
Most perl modules are easy to install.
Perl people tend to be interested in lots of stuff.
Perl processing is passed onto the first available perl engine.
Perl script does the trick.
PERL support is forthcoming.
Perl version appears to be a bit slower but more stable.
Perlite culture avoids wastage of water andnutrients.
Perlite insulation is in a loose form suitable to fill the cavities in building block.
Perlite insulation is relatively unknown to the general public.
A perm is a wave
Perms are back, but only good ones.
Perms are half price for new customers.
Perms do the trick nicely.
Permafrost areas are actually easiest to pass when they are frozen solid.
Permafrost conditions are the norm throughout the region.
Permafrost degradations can have impact.
Most permafrost degradations can have impact.
Permafrost table creates perched water in the active layer.
Permafrost tundra includes vast areas of northern Russia and Canada.
Permafrost zones exist in high mountain areas in the southeast part of the region.
Permafrost affects soil percolation and human activities including construction.
Permafrost begins where the seasonally frozen ground ends.
Permafrost can be a good barrier to prevent oil spills in the Arctic from reaching sensitive areas.
Permafrost can be thousands of feet thick .
Permafrost can be thousands of feet thick.
Permafrost comes alive for siberian reseachers.
Permafrost contains almost twice as much carbon as is present in the atmosphere.
Permafrost covers most of the northern third of the state.
Permafrost covers the ground.
Permafrost creates a barrier to the root development.
Permafrost is a land
Permafrost is lands.
Permafrost is soil , rock or sediment that is frozen for more than two consecutive years.
Permafrost is soil that has been frozen year round for at least two years.
Permafrost isa soil.
Permafrost occurs a few feet below the surface of the bogs.
Permafrost occurs intermittently throughout the ecoregion.
Permafrost occurs sporadically along the northern edge of the ecoregion.
Permafrost occurs sporadically throughout the ecoregion.
Permafrost occurs sporadically.
Permafrost plays an important role in the hydrology of sub-arctic watersheds.
Permafrost prevails only a short distance into the ground.
Permafrost prevents the salts from being washed deeply into the soil.
Permafrost prevents water from draining into the soil, so that the ground is boggy in the summer.
Permafrost refers to a layer of soil or rock that is frozen all year round.
Permafrost refers to permanently frozen ground.
Most permafrost is on land close to the North and South poles .
Most permafrost is on land close to the North and South poles.
Some permafrost does occur in marine sediments.
Permanant support has several other factors they consider.
Permanence comes from deep roots, roots take time to grow.
Permanence expresses time in general.
Permanence implies indestructibility of intrinsic attributes.
Permanence implies reproduction with a potential geometric increase.
Permanence is a word of degrees.
Permanence is but a word of degrees.
Permanence is contributed to by arhive at Georgetown and elsewhere.
Permanence is difficult because of human vulnerabilities.
Permanence is durations.
Permanence is length
Permanence is more about setting down roots than pouring concrete.
Permanence is numbness and death.
Permanence is the chief consideration in approving any method of reproduction.
Permanence is the hallmark of all structured attempts at preservation.
Permanence is the main ingredient of a bond.
Permanence is vital to adoption for the same reason that it is vital to marriage.
Permanence requires community partnership.
Permanent addresses are multicast addresses with a defined meaning.
Permanent adhesive works great for signs with a longer life expectancy.
Permanent aids require a completed and approved application.
Permanent alimony continues until the receiving spouse's remarriage or the death of either party.
Permanent alimony is alimony payable for an indefinite period of time.
Permanent appointment is subject to a probationary period.
All permanent appointments are subject to successful completion of a probationary period.
All permanent assembly is marine grade polyester adhesives.
More permanent assistance is available to families in which there is no employable person.
Permanent bans are extremely rare and the vast majority of vendors act as very good salespeople.
Permanent binding is used with jobs that have a squared spine.
Permanent blindness can result from retinal detachment caused by scar tissue.
Permanent blindness can result.
Permanent blindness is likely to develop.
Permanent blindness is usually the result of even momentary eye contact with caustics.
Permanent bookings are available on a sessional, daily and weekly basis.
Permanent brain damage results from exposure.
Permanent brain damage results from heavy exposure.
Permanent caravans are also available for hire.
Permanent cards are an important part of flexibility.
Permanent centers are open year-round.
Permanent certification requires passing all New York State certification examinations.
Permanent change happens when alterations are incorporated slowly, in phases or stages.
Permanent change is difficult.
Permanent change is possible, one can become what one wants to be.
Permanent change requires fundamental structural reform.
Permanent change takes substantial time to develop.
Permanent change takes time, commitment, and encouragement.
Permanent changes are usually necessary when employees change positions within an organization.
Permanent changes lead to greater changes.
Permanent changes take time.
Permanent characters can name themselves, describe themselves, and set their gender.
Permanent charter is granted.
Permanent classrooms are essential to teacher performance.
Permanent clients can apply for special prices.
Permanent closure is done to protect all organisms in the ecosystem of a particular area.
Permanent clover is very difficult to control with herbicides on the berms.
Permanent collection features rare and scholarly books in the fine arts.
Permanent collection includes Civil War uniforms, medical supplies and weapons.
Permanent collection includes examples of the impressionist as well as European modern masters.
Permanent collection includes paintings, works on paper, sculpture, and decorative arts.
Permanent collection includes serigraphs, paintings, Inuit sculpture and lithographs.
Permanent collection is on view as well as special exhibits throughout the year.
Every permanent companion has their own quest, either side or unmarked.
Permanent complications are rare, but influenza can be fatal for some people.
Permanent connections are also available at competitive rates.
Permanent conservation is the best public investment.
Permanent contraception is a widely recognized priority among women.
Permanent course has repeatabilty.
Permanent courses are normally open throughout the day.
Permanent courses enable people to try or practise orienteering without having to wait for an event.
Permanent courses t.b.c.
Permanent coverage is generally renewable annually for life.
Permanent credentials folder for distribution to prospective employers.
Permanent credentials follow in the mail.
Permanent creeks are rare.
Permanent cure entails the discovery of the magic and mystery that make life inspiring.
Permanent damage can occur if liquid cryogen comes into contact with the eye.
Permanent damage can occur.
Permanent damage can result if the mucus remains for a long period of time.
Permanent damage can result.
Permanent damage can ultimately occur.
Permanent damage is a matter of opinion.
Permanent damage is caused to the affected organs.
Permanent damage is possible and can be life-altering.
Permanent damage is possible.
Permanent damage is unlikely because the oxygen supply to the brain is restored fairly quickly.
Permanent damage is unlikely, but with any crash there is at least the possibility of losing files.
Permanent damage occurs in the blood vessels, heart and lung.
Permanent damage results from exposure.
Permanent damage results from heavy exposure.
Some permanent damage occurs in weeks.
Permanent data is stored in a database.
Permanent deactivation is used when staff members are no longer associated with the department.
Permanent death is a nice idea.
Permanent death is final for the beta.
Permanent Decals are to be affixed to the outside lower left corner of the drivers side rear window.
Permanent deformity is an unwanted result of the inflammatory process.
Permanent dementia can result as well.
Permanent dentition is in place after four years of age.
Permanent dentition is in place.
Permanent detachment is an intense detachment, as opposed to dull or weak detachment.
Permanent detachment is something quite different.
Permanent devices are especially successful for chronic impotence caused by diabetes.
Permanent directives are applicable until specifically canceled.
Permanent directors serve staggered four-year terms.
Permanent disabilities result from undiagnosed compartment syndromes.
Permanent disability is awarded for the potential, or actual, loss of earning capacity.
Permanent disability is possible if there is repeated exposure.
Permanent disability is total disability due to ill health, either physical or mental.
Permanent disfigurement is the result.
Permanent disks have an oval cutout in center while the temporary disks are solid.
Permanent dismissal is also a possibility for repeat offenders.
Permanent displays depict over a century of Omaha history.
Every permanent document is immediately available to anyone on the network.
Permanent dot peen marking and customized customer marking available.
Permanent dwarfism is established.
Permanent dyes are for lightening and camouflaging stubborn gray hair.
Permanent dyes are more natural looking than semi-permanents .
Permanent easements paid as bonuses for sign-up are also available.
Permanent easements receive priority.
Permanent effect is the true objective of homeopathic treatment.
Permanent emplacement is possible.
Permanent employees are also eligible for an interest free season ticket loan.
Permanent employees are eligible for holiday pay.
Permanent employees are part of the group, for example.
Permanent employees can purchase additional coverage at competitive rates.
Permanent employees receive evaluation on an annual basis.
Permanent employees work year 'round.
All permanent employees are eligible to participate in the training.
All permanent employees are eligible.
All permanent employees have equity in the company.
All permanent employees receive health and major medical insurance coverage.
All permanent employees serving in a managerial capacity are eligible for nomination.
All permanent employees working one-third time or more are eligible.
Every permanent employee has stock.
Every permanent employee is on a single unified salary schedule.
Permanent employment is based on job availability and past academic performance.
Permanent employment is reported to be holding steady on a same-store basis.
Permanent employment is said to be holding steady.
Permanent employment requires U.S. citizenship.
Permanent endowment is akin to an institutional savings account.
Permanent enjoyment is transcendental sense enjoyment.
Permanent equilibrium is an irrational concept that contradicts what they profess.
Permanent equipment is divided into two categories - special purpose and general purpose .
Any permanent equipment acquired using award funds remains the property of the university.
Permanent exclusion requires formal review through disciplinary action or academic channels.
Permanent excuses become effective when they are approved.
Permanent exhibit includes Russian political propaganda and London subway signs.
Permanent exhibits are in the process of being designed and constructed.
Permanent exhibits are of historic and artistic interest.
Permanent exhibits cover various aspects of American development.
Permanent exhibits depict the early settlement and development of Huron County.
Permanent exhibits illustrate the region's history from pre-historic time up to the present.
Permanent exhibition is dedicated to the theatre's history.
Permanent exhibition looks at the work of Smithsonian biologists worldwide.
Permanent exhibition offers an innovative look at the direct-mail industry.
Permanent exhibitions includes Egyptian art and artifacts.
Permanent eyebrows mimic the appearance of hair in the brow line.
Permanent eyeliner is one of the most popular time savers.
Permanent faculty teach to the same set of grading standards.
Permanent fees are extremely low.
Permanent fence is best for boundaries, roadways, yards, etc.
Permanent financing is also available for owners of multi-unit residential properties.
Permanent funds represent an income stream into the future.
Permanent funds study.
Permanent furniture includes sofa, loveseat, end table, chair, and two folding tables.
Permanent fusion followed by en- cystment takes place.
Permanent galleries explore themes such as biology, earth sciences, and physics.
Permanent galleries explore themes such as biology, natural history and physics.
Permanent galleries showcase the area's anthropology, geology and the fine arts.
Permanent gases maintain the same proportion to each other.
Permanent guests welcome.
Permanent guidelines are in the process of being established.
Permanent hardness involves sulphates and is unaffected by heat.
Permanent hardness is determined by the amount of calcium and magnesium ions present in the water.
Permanent histology is more accurate than frozen section but takes longer.
Permanent holder is made of thick aluminum with stainless steel clip.
Permanent housing is even more expensive and scarce for year-round workers on Mount Desert Island.
Permanent housing is provided through a variety of mainstream housing programs.
Permanent housing provides opportunities to clients and the surrounding neighborhood.
Permanent housing tends to have more stable costs, while rental costs can fluctuate.
Permanent ice is found at both poles, resulting in a strong equator to pole temperature gradient.
Permanent identification includes pictures, tattoos and freeze branding.
Permanent identification is an essential aspect of the horse industry.
Most permanent immigrants come to the United States based on family relationships.
Permanent immunity is acquired after contracting the disease.
Permanent impairments receive a two year hang tag.
Permanent information is identified in the record retention schedule.
Permanent inhabitants make use.
Most permanent inhabitants make use.
A permanent injunction is a prohibition
Permanent injunction is available, so is monetary damage.
Permanent Injunctions are valid and enforceable in all states after service by law enforcement.
Permanent injuries cause a permanent loss of earnings or earning capacity.
Permanent injury is rare if environmental conditions are changed.
Permanent ink allows color washes to be added as desired, creating a hand-colored etching.
Permanent ink makes signature quilts more popular.
Some permanent inks are impossible to remove successfully.
Permanent insanity is defined by remaining in Portland.
Permanent insecurity is the condition of the poor.
Permanent inserts fit flush to floor surface allowing for any other sports.
Permanent insight is the ah-hah revelation of mystics and discoverers.
Permanent installation is easy and low-cost with the use of screws, rivets or adhesive.
Permanent installation is secured to ceiling support rods.
Permanent installation takes only minutes.
Permanent insurance accumulates a cash value in addition to a death benefit.
Permanent insurance goes by a variety of names.
Permanent insurance is designed to be a lifelong policy and is known by a variety of names.
Permanent insurance is designed to meet long-term needs.
Permanent insurance is intended to last for a lifetime, regardless of when death occurs.
Permanent insurance is purchased to remain in force for the insured's entire life.
Permanent insurance Provides life insurance throughout a person's lifetime.
Permanent insurance provides lifelong protection and is known by a variety of names.
Permanent insurance provides lifelong protection and is known by the names described above.
Permanent issuances are in effect until officially canceled or superseded.
Permanent knife pleats all around skirt.
Permanent lakes are rare.
Permanent landmarks are preferred if possible.
Permanent law utilizes a formula instead of the recommended fixed amount.
All permanent layouts are in various stages of construction.
Permanent licenses are the most common.
Permanent locations appear below in bold type.
Permanent lockers are available for a rental fee.
Permanent lockers are available for rent.
Permanent lockers are available on a limited basis for an additional monthly fee.
Permanent lockers are available to members for overnight storage of exercise apparel.
Permanent lockers are free to students and are provided for a nominal charge for members.
Permanent luxation renders the quadriceps muscle ineffective in extending the stifle.
A permanent magnet is a magnet
Permanent magnet assures instant voltage build up.
Permanent magnets are a tool just like the others used by the vet or doctor.
Permanent magnets are a vital part of modern life.
Permanent magnets are also more efficient, because no power is wasted generating the magnetic field.
Permanent magnets are magnets that permanently retain their magnetic field.
Permanent magnets are magnets.
Permanent magnets are mixtures of iron, nickle, or cobalt with other elements.
Permanent magnets are objects that produce their own persistent magnetic fields.
Permanent magnets are pervasive in modern industrial societies.
Permanent magnets are the result of magnetization currents flowing inside the material.
Permanent magnets have iron atoms where the poles are lined up to add to each other.
Permanent magnets hold their magnetic force for a long time.
Permanent magnets play a vital role in both commercial and defense sectors.
Permanent magnets retain their magnetism for a long time.
Some permanent magnets have cm diameters.
Some permanent magnets have diameters.
Permanent magnetism is guaranteed.
Permanent makeup is the fastest growing field in the beauty industry.
Permanent marker is.
Permanent marker works well on freezer bags and foil.
Permanent markers adhere to clear acetate and come in primary colors.
Permanent markers can last through rain and even sunlight as long as the feathers last.
Permanent markers contain harmful solvents.
Permanent members are China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
Permanent members can veto action on substantiveissues.
Permanent membership entitles the member to attend all conferences.
Permanent membership is lifelong.
Permanent membership remains permanent.
Permanent memory is like the filing cabinets lining the wall.
Permanent memory seems to be located at the level of the deep subconscious mind.
Permanent methods are a little more difficult to implement, and can be very messy.
Permanent migration is on a points system and more difficult to obtain.
Permanent mold refers to the tooling used to produce aluminum castings.
Permanent monitoring allows the direct detection of problem sources.
Permanent monitoring is a Net-reality.
Permanent monitoring is the recommended solution for preventing cooling tower cell failures.
Permanent monuments mark each parcel boundary.
Permanent moorage is available.
Permanent movement is movement by people who intend to settle in Australia or overseas.
Any permanent name is acceptable.
Permanent numbness does sometimes occur.
More permanent numbness is usually due to damage to the greater auricular nerve.
Permanent observers provide regular in-depth reports.
Permanent offsets are small and there is no collapse.
Permanent opportunities are also available.
Permanent packers contribute for less market share in comparison to their retrievable counterparts.
Permanent paralysis is paralysis.
Permanent paralysis requires special therapy.
Permanent parking is available in the city lot directly behind the theatre.
Permanent pasture is divided into paddocks and rotationally grazed.
Permanent peace can only come about after British withdrawal.
Permanent permits are available at any vehicle licensing office .
Permanent permits are good for three years.
Permanent phrases are available at any time.
Permanent placement is also available .
Permanent placement is done strictly on a contingency basis.
Permanent placements seem about to take off, too.
Permanent plans can have either level or increasing death benefits.
Permanent plaques identify the awards and recipient over the years.
Permanent policies combine death benefits and a savings component.
Permanent ponds are there all year round.
Permanent ponds contain fish.
Permanent ponds contain shallow water.
Permanent ponds contain water.
Permanent ponds provide environments.
Permanent ponds provide stable environments.
Most permanent ponds contain fish.
Most permanent ponds contain shallow water.
Most permanent ponds contain water.
Most permanent ponds provide environments.
Most permanent ponds provide stable environments.
Permanent positions avail.
Permanent positions can be hard to obtain.
Permanent power is installed.
Permanent power is needed at the ends of the racks.
Permanent premolars begin and are in wear from age two years and six months to age four years.
Permanent press is cloth
Permanent press offers gentler wash action for dress shirts, pants and other business attire.
Permanent presses are an example.
Permanent protection makes productivity improvement and innovation unprofitable.
Permanent rate is locked at application.
Permanent record includes documents, forms, copies, reports, statements, tape recordings, etc.
Permanent record is kept on microfilm and optical images.
Most permanent records are open to public inspection.
Permanent reference electrodes for continuously monitoring the potential of a structure.
Permanent remedies are hair weaving or hair transplantation.
Permanent repairs are in the planning stages due to the age of the existing hot water heater.
Permanent replacements have the right to vote .
Permanent reserve refers to books placed on reserve by the library.
Permanent reserves are the most recent editions of the works.
Permanent residence is a status granted by the U.S. government to citizens of other countries.
Permanent residence is determined by the following criteria.
Permanent residence is granted conditionally.
Permanent residence is granted for a conditional two year period.
Permanent resident Have access to numerous aircraft types - both single and twin.
Permanent resident means an individual who has established a permanent residence.
Permanent residents are abundant and others migrate.
Permanent residents are concerned about erosion which many believe is a man made problem.
Permanent residents are foreign students with immigrant visas.
Permanent residents are more prone to becoming territorial.
Permanent residents can petition for spouses and unmarried children.
Permanent residents can petition for their spouses and unmarried sons and daughters of any age.
Permanent residents can petition only for their spouses and single children.
Permanent residents can send a copy of their green card.
Permanent residents can sponsor a spouse or unmarried child.
Permanent residents can sponsor unmarried children and spouses.
Permanent residents live here because of the natural beauty.
Many permanent residents operate businesses that contribute to our economy.
Permanent restrooms are on the premises.
More permanent results require at least three months of consistent life style changes.
Permanent retention is required as long as the underlying record exists.
Permanent retirement is essential to ensure adequate forage for a varied and abundant prey base.
Permanent riders have priority over temporary riders.
Permanent rules are effective after the Legislative session.
Permanent separation is a last resort.
Permanent service is billed direct, customer buys equipment, responsible for all usage charges.
Permanent service is the actual service used to bring power into a completed building.
Permanent settlement begins.
Permanent settlement is limited by the long dry season, uncertain rainfall, and poor soils.
Permanent settlements are few and far between, most being Inuit villages along the coast.
Permanent settlements are rare.
Permanent settlements occur primarily along the coast or adjacent to the larger rivers.
Permanent shops line the area around the market.
Permanent shudders are the best protection.
Permanent shutters are the best protection.
Permanent shutters offer the best protection.
Permanent shutters provide the most secure and convenient protection.
All permanent signs require permits.
Permanent signals can occupy a substantial part of the capacity of a switching system.
Permanent sites avail.
Permanent snow covers the highest mountain peaks.
Permanent snow falls on open ground about two weeks after winter begins.
Permanent snowfields cover more than half the mountain and feed numerous glaciers.
Permanent solutions are difficult, but possible.
Permanent solutions can also cause allergic reactions, though that's a rare side effect.
Permanent solutions have to be found, approved and put into action.
Permanent solutions require methods.
Permanent solutions require other methods.
Permanent solutions require other methods.
Most permanent solutions require methods.
Most permanent solutions require other methods.
Permanent staff are eligible.
All permanent staff can join our group medical insurance scheme.
All permanent staff receive three weeks of paid leave each year, in addition to statutory holidays.
Permanent stands rot use portable tree stands.
Permanent stations have the antennas of the same type.
Permanent status is granted in seniority order once a permanent appointment can be made.
Permanent status is granted only upon satisfactory completion of probationary period .
Permanent status is to be determined through direct negotiation.
Permanent status is to be determined through direct negotiations within five years.
Permanent status is to be determined through direct negotiations.
Permanent sterilization is a medical procedure that requires parental consent.
Permanent sterilization is permissible only in the case of some serious health problems.
Permanent storage is implemented using magnetic media such as floppy and hard disk systems.
Permanent storage is the counselor's office or the library.
Any permanent structures are part of the land.
Permanent subs provide a temporary solution to shortages.
Permanent submergence allows species intolerant of desiccation to live within pools on the shore.
Permanent submergence allows speciesintolerant of desiccation to live within pools on the shore.
Permanent subscribers receive a priority on all support and service calls.
Permanent substitutes help to ensure a continuous learning pattern for students.
Permanent supervisors have to be sent to the Temple Mount.
Permanent support is essential.
Permanent surnames are to be passed on to all of the children and the descendants.
Permanent swamps are an important source for mosquitoes through out the state.
Permanent swamps are an important source for mosquitoes throughout the state.
Permanent tattoos make the patient's treatment more reliable on a day to day basis.
Permanent teachers receive one or two formal observations and a summary evaluation once a year.
Many permanent teachers start off as substitutes in a district.
Permanent TECs have computer and AV inputs provided, plus screen.
Permanent tents are also available, as well as space for caravans, motorhomes, and tent camping.
Permanent time is encouraged for parents who participate in an activity at a regular time each week.
Permanent tissues are made up of nondividing differentiated cells derived directly from meristems.
A permanent tooth is a tooth
Permanent teeth are generally darker than primary teeth when they erupt.
Permanent teeth are more likely to stay healthy if the primary teeth are healthy first.
Permanent teeth begin to form about the twelfth week.
Permanent teeth come up under the primary teeth and cause their roots to slowly dissolve.
Permanent teeth emerge at about three to four months of age.
Permanent tooths are tooths.
Permanent transfers require a change of vehicle registration records.
All permanent transfers require the same forms and procedures.
Permanent tree stands, ladders and steps rot.
Permanent trim provides attractive styling that is competitive in appearance to aluminum wheels.
Permanent tutors provide assessment of students in a continuos fashion throughout the year.
Permanent unhappiness is therefore unlikely.
Permanent value is a little more tricky.
Permanent ventilation is always necessary in a kitchen, especially where gas appliances are fitted.
Permanent ventilation is provided.
Permanent visas are still available to foreigners who fulfill certain criteria.
Permanent water is necessary for drinking and feeding.
Permanent water is probably a physiological as well as ecological requirement.
Permanent water is probably necessary for metamorphosis.
Permanent water is the magnet that draws life.
Permanent water is usually close by.
Permanent water occurs only at a few scattered springs in the range.
A permanent wave is a wave
Permanent Waves Live online movie scores, with listing of cue titles, composer names and movies.
Permanent wetlands preserve program.
Permanent wetlands preserve.
Permanent wilt occurs by the third day, followed by death.
Permanent workers are migrant workers who stay within the village.
Permanent workers benefit from employers' contributions to social insurance.
A permanent is a wave
Permanents are also unpredictable in pregnancy.
Permanents are slow to get out, and often vulnerable to intercept.
Permanents du soutien qu'ils m'ont toujours apport .
Permanganate crystals show flow.
Permanganate ions absorb green light, so permanganate solutions are purple.
A permanganate is salt
Permanganates are chemical compounds.
Permanganates are purple-black.
Permanganates are salt.
Permanganates are the most toxic manganese compounds.
Permanganates are toxic.
Permanganates stain because they are easily reduced to brown-black manganese dioxide.
Permawick filter needs no regular maintenance , simply clean once a year.
Permeability constants are a linear function of diffusion coefficients.
Permeabilities are more commonly in the range of tens to hundreds of millidarcies.
Permeabilities are quite variable.
Permeability affects distribution.
Permeability allows water and other liquids to flow through and collect in the rock.
Permeability decreases with higher frequency ferrites.
Permeability Defines the ability of a rock or sediment to transmit fluid.
Permeability depends on oncotic pressure, and on pre and post capillary resistances.
Permeability determines how fast fluids, such as water, move underground.
Permeability facilitates absorption.
Permeability is a characteristic that allows the oil and gas to flow through the rock.
Permeability is a function of particle size and distribution.
Permeability is a function of soil texture, structure, and pore space.
Permeability is a function of the size of pore openings.
Permeability is a measure of how easily an ion can cross the membrane.
Permeability is a measure of how easily gases or liquids can pass through a material.
Permeability is a measure of how porous something is.
Permeability is a measure of how well the spaces are connected.
Permeability is a measure of the ability of a material to transmit fluid under a hydraulic gradient.
Permeability is a measure of the ability to concentrate magnetic fields.
Permeability is a quantitative measure of the ease of water movement through aquifer materials.
Permeability is affected by many soil characteristics.
Permeability is affected by the pressure in a rock.
Permeability is an expression of the connectedness of the pores.
Permeability is controlled by an electric phenomenon, which is influenced by magnetic fields.
Permeability is controlled by the size and continuity of the soil pores.
Permeability is dispositions.
Permeability is equal to velocity of flow divided by hydraulic gradient.
Permeability is inversely proportional to the water-cement ratio.
Permeability is low and surface runoff is slow.
Permeability is magnified in economic and trade policy.
Permeability is measured in the micro darcy to nanodarcy range.
Permeability is measured in thousandths of a darcy or millidarcys .
Permeability is moderate above the basal till.
Permeability is moderate above the fragipan and moderately slow or slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate above the fragipan and slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate above the fragipan and slow or very slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate above the fragipan and slow to very slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate above the fragipan and slow within the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate above the fragipan and very slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate above the fragipan, and very slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate above the paleosol and slow within the paleosol.
Permeability is moderate above the solum and slow in the densic materials.
Permeability is moderate above the very slowly permeable petrocalcic horizon.
Permeability is moderate and runoff is medium to rapid.
Permeability is moderate and runoff is medium.
Permeability is moderate and runoff is rapid to very rapid.
Permeability is moderate and runoff is slow or very slow.
Permeability is moderate in the deep root zone.
Permeability is moderate in the drift and slow in the residuum.
Permeability is moderate in the layers above the dense substratum and slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the layers above the substratum and slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the loamy alluvium and rapid or very rapid in the sandy outwash.
Permeability is moderate in the loamy mantle and rapid or very rapid in the sandy outwash.
Permeability is moderate in the loamy material and rapid in the underlying sand and gravel.
Permeability is moderate in the loamy material and slow or very slow in the underlying till.
Permeability is moderate in the loamy material.
Permeability is moderate in the loamy part and very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the loamy sediments and moderately slow in the glacial till.
Permeability is moderate in the loamy sediments and very rapid in the gravel and sand.
Permeability is moderate in the loess and moderately slow in clayey pedisediment.
Permeability is moderate in the loess and moderately slow in the glacial till.
Permeability is moderate in the loess and slow in the residuum weathered from shale.
Permeability is moderate in the loess and slow in the residuum.
Permeability is moderate in the loess and slow in the till.
Permeability is moderate in the loess and till and slow in the residuum.
Permeability is moderate in the outwash and rapid in the gravel and sand.
Permeability is moderate in the outwash sediments and moderately slow in the glacial till.
Permeability is moderate in the silty and loamy alluvium and rapid in the sandy alluvium.
Permeability is moderate in the silty and loamy layers and rapid or very rapid in the sandy outwash.
Permeability is moderate in the silty and loamy mantle and rapid in the sandy alluvium.
Permeability is moderate in the silty material and slow in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the silty part of the soils and slow in the underlying clayey sediments.
Permeability is moderate in the silty part of the solum and slow in the clayey horizons.
Permeability is moderate in the soil and very slow in the underlying bedrock.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and C horizon.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderate or moderately rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderate or moderately rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderate or moderately slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderate or moderately slow in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderate or rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderate to moderately rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderate to rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately rapid or rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow in the underlying till.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow or moderate in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow or slow in the dense substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow or slow in the densic materials.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow or slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow or slow in the underlying till.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow to slow in the densic materials.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and moderately slow to very slow in the dense glacial till.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and ranges from slow to moderately rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and rapid or very rapid in the substrata.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and rapid or very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and slow in the dense substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and slow in the densic materials.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and slow in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and slow or moderately slow in the dense substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and slow or very slow in the dense substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and slow or very slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and slow to moderately rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and slow to very slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and typically is moderately slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum and very rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the solum, and moderate to rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum, and moderately slow in slow in the dense substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum, and moderately slow or slow in the dense substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum, and slow or moderately slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the solum, and slow or very slow in the dense substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the subsoil and moderate to moderately rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the subsoil and moderate to very slow in the dense glacial till.
Permeability is moderate in the subsoil and moderately rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the subsoil and moderately rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the subsoil and moderately rapid to rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the subsoil and moderately slow in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the subsoil and very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the subsoil and very rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate in the surface layer and slow in the subsoil.
Permeability is moderate in the surface layer and subsoil and rapid or very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the surface layer and subsoil and slow or very slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the upper loamy materials and rapid in the lower sandy materials.
Permeability is moderate in the upper material and slow or very slow below.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part and moderately slow in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part and moderately slow in the underlying glacial till.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part and rapid in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part and rapid or very rapid in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part and slow in the lower part of the solum.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part and very slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part and very slow in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the B horizon and slow in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the profile and rapid in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum and moderately slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum and moderately slow in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum and rapid in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum and slow in the clayey layer.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum and slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum and slow in the horizon formed in residuum.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum and slow in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum and slow or very slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum and very slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum and very slow in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper part of the solum, and slow in the lower part.
Permeability is moderate in the upper portion of the profile and slow in the lower portion.
Permeability is moderate in the upper sediments and moderately slow in the till.
Permeability is moderate in upper part and moderately slow in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate is the drift and slow in the residuum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately rapid in the solum and rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately rapid in the solum and rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderate or moderately rapid in the solum and rapid or very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately rapid in the solum and slow or very slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately rapid in the solum and very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately rapid in the solum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately rapid in the surface layer, subsoil, and substratum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately rapid over very rapid.
Permeability is moderate or moderately rapid throughout.
Permeability is moderate or moderately rapid.
Permeability is moderate or moderately slow in the solum and moderate to slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately slow in the solum and rapid or very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately slow in the solum and slow in the underlying till.
Permeability is moderate or moderately slow in the solum and very slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately slow in the solum and very slow in the underlying dense till.
Permeability is moderate or moderately slow in the subsoil and slow or very slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately slow in the subsoil and substratum.
Permeability is moderate or moderately slow.
Permeability is moderate over a very slowly permeable petrocalcic horizon.
Permeability is moderate over moderately slow.
Permeability is moderate over rapid.
Permeability is moderate over slow.
Permeability is moderate throughout the soil.
Permeability is moderate to moderately rapid in the solum and moderately rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate to moderately rapid in the solum and rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate to moderately rapid in the solum and very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderate to moderately rapid.
Permeability is moderate to moderately slow.
Permeability is moderate to rapid.
Permeability is moderate.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the A and C horizons and moderate in the B horizon.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the loamy and sandy outwash and slow in the loamy substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the loamy cap and is rapid or very rapid below.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the loamy cap and rapid or very rapid below.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the loamy horizons and very rapid in the sandy horizons.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the loamy outwash and slow in the glacial till.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the outwash material and slow in the underlying glacial till.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the sandy mantle and moderate in the underlying deposit.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the sandy mantle and slow in the till substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the sandy mantle and slow in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the soil and very slow in the underlying bedrock.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and moderate or moderately rapid in the C horzon.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and moderately slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and moderately slow in the underlying till.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and moderately slow or slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and rapid in the underlying sand and gravel.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and rapid in underlying sand and gravel.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and rapid or very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and slow to moderately slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and very rapid in the underlying gravelly sand.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the solum and very rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the subsoil and rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the subsoil and rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the subsoil and slow in the underlying lacustrine deposits.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the subsoil and very rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the surface layer and rapid in the subsoil and substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the upper part and moderately slow in the lower part.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the upper part and rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid in the upper part and very rapid in the lower part.
Permeability is moderately rapid or rapid in the solum and rapid or very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid or rapid in the solum and very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately rapid or rapid.
Permeability is moderately rapid throughout the profile.
Permeability is moderately rapid to rapid.
Permeability is moderately rapid.
Permeability is moderately rapidly in the solum and rapid or very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately slow above the dense till, and very slow in the dense till.
Permeability is moderately slow above the fragipan and slow to very slow in the fragipan.
Permeability is moderately slow above the till and slow or moderately slow below.
Permeability is moderately slow and available water capacity very low.
Permeability is moderately slow and the available water capacity is high.
Permeability is moderately slow in the loamy materials and slow in the till.
Permeability is moderately slow in the loamy materials and slow in the underlying till.
Permeability is moderately slow in the solum and slow or very slow in the dense till.
Permeability is moderately slow in the solum and slow or very slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately slow in the solum and slow or very slow in the underlying dense till.
Permeability is moderately slow in the subsoil and moderate in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately slow in the subsoil and slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately slow in the substratum.
Permeability is moderately slow in the upper part and moderate in the lower part.
Permeability is moderately slow or slow in the loamy material and slow in the underlying till.
Permeability is moderately slow or slow.
Permeability is moderately slow to moderate in the A and C horizons and slow in the B horizon.
Permeability is moderately slow to moderate.
Permeability is moderately slow to moderately rapid.
Permeability is moderately slow to slow.
Permeability is moderately slow.
Permeability is porosity
Permeability is porosity.
Permeability is rapid and very rapid.
Permeability is rapid in the organic layers and slow in the clayey material.
Permeability is rapid in the sandy mantle and moderately slow or moderate in the sandstone.
Permeability is rapid in the sandy material and moderate in the lacustrine material.
Permeability is rapid in the sandy material and moderately slow in the loamy material.
Permeability is rapid in the sandy materials and moderately slow in the loamy materials.
Permeability is rapid in the solum and rapid or very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is rapid in the solum and very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is rapid in the substratum of the sandy substratum phase.
Permeability is rapid in the upper part of the solum and moderate in the lower part.
Permeability is rapid or moderately rapid.
Permeability is rapid or very rapid in the solum and very rapid in the substratum.
Permeability is rapid or very rapid in the surface layer and underlying strata.
Permeability is rapid or very rapid in the underlying glacial outwash.
Permeability is rapid or very rapid throughout.
Permeability is rapid or very rapid, but internal drainage is impeded by a very shallow water table.
Permeability is rapid or very rapid.
Permeability is rapid throughout the soil.
Permeability is rapid throughout.
Permeability is rapid.
Permeability is rates.
Permeability is reduced.
Permeability is related to the connectedness of the void spaces and to the grain size of the rock.
Permeability is slow above the fragic horizon and very slow in the fragic horizon.
Permeability is slow and runoff is medium.
Permeability is slow in soil derived from the amphibolite.
Permeability is slow in the lower part of the series control section in the till substratum phase.
Permeability is slow in the ortstein and rapid in the remainder of the profile.
Permeability is slow in the ortstein and rapid in the rest of the profile.
Permeability is slow in the upper part and moderately rapid or rapid in the lower part.
Permeability is slow or moderately slow.
Permeability is slow or very slow.
Permeability is slow to moderately slow.
Permeability is slow.
Permeability is the ability of a material to transmit water.
Permeability is the ability of a rock or mineral to transmit fluids.
Permeability is the ability of a substance to conduct magnetic lines of force easily.
Permeability is the ability of fluids to flow through rock.
Permeability is the ability of water to flow through rock.
Permeability is the ability of water to run through soil.
Permeability is the capability of a rock or sediment to allow the passage of fluids.
Permeability is the capability of a rock to transmit fluids.
Permeability is the capacity to move into and through an area.
Permeability is the ease of air and water movement through soils.
Permeability is the ease with which fluids flow through a rock or sediment.
Permeability is the ease with which liquids pass through rocks or a layer of soil.
Permeability is the extent to which a solid allows the flow of a fluid.
Permeability is the inductance per unit length.
Permeability is the measure of how easily something flows through a substance.
Permeability is the parameter that controls how much air can flow through the pore space in snow.
Permeability is the property that governs the rate of flow of a fluid into a porous solid.
Permeability is the speed at which water travels through the soil.
Permeability is very rapid above the cemented substratum and slow in the substratum.
Permeability is very rapid in the sandy mantle and moderately rapid in the underlying material.
Permeability is very rapid to rapid.
Permeability is very rapid.
Permeability is very slow and available water capacity is low.
Permeability is very slow and water loss is mainly by evaporation.
Permeability is very slow or slow.
Permeability is very slow when the soil is saturated and rapid when it is dry and cracked.
Permeability is very slow, except after dry periods when the initial intake into cracks is rapid.
Permeability is very slow.
Permeability isa property.
Permeability largely affects the durability of hardened concrete.
Permeability means that animals can swim and burrow through the sand with remarkable ease.
Permeability ranges from moderately slow to rapid in the various horizons.
Permeability reduces the quantity of water placed in storage.
Permeability refers to how connected pore spaces are to one another.
Permeability refers to how easily water passes through sediments and rock.
Permeability refers to how well a material transmits water.
Permeability refers to the ability of a soil to transmit water or air.
Permeability refers to the ability of water to move through a soil.
Permeability refers to the ease with which resin flows through a preform.
Permeability refers to the rate at which water drains through the soil.
Permeability refers to the rate at which water moves through soil.
Permeability results in accumulation.
Permeability varies with magnetic field.
Most permeability affects distribution.
Some permeability is caused by infection.
Some permeability is required to deliver the nutrients to the indigenous microorganisms.
Permeable bedrock makes a good aquifer, a rock layer that holds and conducts water.
Permeable bedrock makes a good aquifer, a rock layer that yields water to wells.
Permeable curtains are used in areas dealing with higher pressure or currents.
Permeable materials are rocks and soils that liquids can move through.
Permeable membranes consist of layers.
Permeable membranes separate dialysis fluid.
Permeable membranes separate fluid.
Most permeable membranes consist of layers.
Permeable mulches reduce runoff and prevent soil erosion.
Permeable rocks absorb the rainwater, and little by little they get filled up.
Permeable skin absorbs chemicals.
Permeable skin absorbs harmful chemicals.
Permeable skin absorbs substances.
Permeable skin absorbs toxic chemicals.
Permeable skin offers protection.
Most permeable skin absorbs chemicals.
Most permeable skin absorbs harmful chemicals.
Most permeable skin absorbs substances.
Most permeable skin absorbs toxic chemicals.
Most permeable skin offers protection.
Some permeable skin takes in oxygen.
Permeable soil covers the aquifer.
Permeation can occur even if there is no visible damage to the gloves being worn.
Permeation can occur through most materials including metals, ceramics and polymers.
Permeation is different from penetration.
Permeation is diffusion
Permeation is diffusion.
Permeation is molecular migration between polymer molecules.
Permeation is quantified by breakthrough time and permeation rate.
Permeation is when pesticides pass through the materials itself.
Permenant emulsions require some kind of binding.
Permethrin collars are the best approach.
Many Permian students keep up with their friends via e-mail.
Permineralized fossils have their original pore space infilled with minerals.
Permissible activities vary with the type of visa, but all visas function as U.S. entry documents.
Permissible colours are grizzle, red, tan, blue and tan or wheaten.
Permissible levels are measured in parts per trillion, the ideal level is zero.
Permissible loads are subject to state regulation.
Permissible purpose includes the extension of credit, insurance, and employment, among others.
Permissible purpose is required.
Permissible uses are research and browsing.
Permissible uses are to acquire, construct or re-construct a qualified principal residence.
Permissible uses are research and browsing.
Permission marketing can be easy to implement.
Permission marketing implies a fundamental rethinking of the entire marketing value proposition.
Permission marketing is about building long-term relationships.
Permission marketing is anticipated, personal, relevant.
Permission marketing makes a lot of sense for companies with something to sell.
Permission marketing takes the opposite tack.
Permission slip is needed.
Permission slips are available at the locations named above.
Permission slips are available from the front office or TRAX staff.
Permission slips are available in the office.
Permission slips are available in the school office.
Permission slips are available in the youth services department.
Permission slips are available on the table downstairs under the youth bulletin board.
Permission slips are in the family folders in the lobby.
Permission advise around one river but delivering game pro.
Permission allow control of access to queues and functions based on login name.
Permission also is granted to kill alligators in the town's lakes.
Permission applies only to a single section of a single course.
Permission applies to the text of the article only.
Permission are on a per-item basis.
Permission buy telephone online.
Permission can be a complete defense to infringement or invasion of privacy.
Permission can be actual or implied depending upon the past dealings of the parties.
Permission can be given so please ask.
Permission can be verbal or written.
Permission carries with it some risk of failure.
Permission changes to access files.
Permission comes from winning thoughts and ideas.
Permission depends on timely notification of the instructor.
Permission dies in the absence of trust.
Permission enables frequency, which in turn builds trust.
Permission generally is granted to reprint articles from the website for noncommercial purposes.
Permission Get permission to enroll in any class that requires permission to register.
Permission gets more expensive to get and more important than ever.
Permission given on private property is for snowmobile use on trails only.
Permission granted by the Photocopy Release Form is only for the text of the story.
Permission granted for excerpts, please contact the author for permission to copy.
Permission grants a one-time use of the footage in unaltered form.
Permission grants a one-time use of the recording in unaltered form.
Permission hide around any kitchen but begin racquetball racquets.
Permission includes having a personal copy made at a print shop or similiar service outlet.
Permission is a fascinating thing.
Permission is a form of endorsement from other people.
Permission is a good thing.
Permission is a winning action.
Permission is also dependent upon arrangements for adequate parking.
Permission is also necessary to use specialized technical equipment as well.
Permission is always given, small fee sometimes is requested.
Permission is always the best way.
Permission is approval.
Permission is based on the relevance of the course to the proposed course of study of the candidate.
Permission is commendation
Permission is conditional upon proper usage.
Permission is defined by the phrase 'effective consent' .
Permission is Denied .
Permission is denied to unlink the named semaphore.
Permission is denied to unlink the named shared memory object.
Permission is denied.
Permission is denoted on the child's library card.
Permission is determined by the program manager.
Permission is difficult to obtain.
Permission is easy.
Permission is for one-time use only.
Permission is generally given, say attorneys.
Permission is given and the salute is returned.
Permission is given based upon request.
Permission is given by the author for reprinting with attribution to the author.
Permission is given by the author to redistribute for non-commercial use.
Permission is given by the authors for reproduction with attribution.
Permission is given by the program director and the assistant dean of the college.
Permission is given by the various artists for two printouts or photocopies for personal use.
Permission is given for an initial period of one year.
Permission is given for any non-commercial use.
Permission is given for Departmental use.
Permission is given for distribution via Internet and via magnetic media only.
Permission is given for duplication for educational purposes.
Permission is given for free one-time use of the hymn.
Permission is given for it to be photocopied.
Permission is given for it to be reproduced for non-commercial circulation.
Permission is given for limited use on non-commercial web sites.
Permission is given for non commercial use.
Permission is given for non-profit electronic viewing and associated access over the internet.
Permission is given for non-profit electronic viewing and distribution.
Permission is given for non-profit electronic viewing via the Internet.
Permission is given for non-profit electronic viewing, via the Internet.
Permission is given for non-profit use.
Permission is given for non-profit viewing and use via the Internet.
Permission is given for on-site visit.
Permission is given for personal use and personal entertainment only.
Permission is given for photocopying for the purchaser's own use.
Permission is given for private non-profit listening and archiving in digital or other media.
Permission is given for private use and copying.
Permission is given for the authority having jurisdiction to waive or modify any rule.
Permission is given for unrestricted non-profit viewing and use via the Internet.
Permission is given for use in any non-profit educational applications.
Permission is given for use of the devotionals on a non-profit basis with source credited.
Permission is given for use on a non-profit basis with source credited.
Permission is given if the materials comply with established university policies.
Permission is given if the student can demonstrate knowledge of the material in the course.
Permission is given only if there is no suitable resident labor.
Permission is given only if there is no suitable resident labour.
Permission is given only in extraordinary circumstances.
Permission is given only to permit free, nonprofit access over the Web.
Permission is given only to use on web pages as per the terms above.
Permission is given only under exceptional circumstances and then only when a vacancy is available.
Permission is given orally only to be denied at the end of the tenancy.
Permission is given student for enrollment in degree credit course work.
Permission is given subject to certain conditions as required by the land owner.
Permission is given to adapt, reprint or excerpt material from the Bulletin for use in other media.
Permission is given to adapt, reprint or excerpt material from the Observer for use in other media.
Permission is given to authors to copy their material.
Permission is given to check the references.
Permission is given to copy and distribute without alteration.
Permission is given to copy individual messages for purposes of Christian ministry.
Permission is given to copy the student edition for other family members.
Permission is given to copy with credits.
Permission is given to download one copy for evaluation.
Permission is given to duplicate any of the forms as necessary.
Permission is given to duplicate as long as all information above the line is maintained.
Permission is given to individuals for personal use only.
Permission is given to make personal copies or copies for free distribution to cancer fighters.
Permission is given to make single copies of any document.
Permission is given to make single copies of every complete document.
Permission is given to paste it into other lists.
Permission is given to post to usgenweb or other archives.
Permission is given to print as many copies as needed for study and field testing.
Permission is given to print the product information, price sheets and order forms.
Permission is given to purchase indemnity insurance incidental to providing the ambulance service.
Permission is given to quote with attribution.
Permission is given to reprint and excerpt.
Permission is given to reprint any of the materials for non-commercial purposes.
Permission is given to reprint articles, pictures and information.
Permission is given to reprint the following articles in church bulletins and newsletters.
Permission is given to reproduce any article.
Permission is given to reproduce articles if credit is given.
Permission is given to reproduce for educational purposes.
Permission is given to reproduce for free distribution.
Permission is given to reproduce in non-profit situations with the preceding credits given.
Permission is given to reproduce in the service folder the antiphons given below.
Permission is given to reproduce it in any form, as long as no fee is attached to the reproduction.
Permission is given to reproduce it.
Permission is given to teachers to download and copy the relevant material in a course pack.
Permission is given to the press very infrequently.
Permission is given to use the materials for non-profit educational purposes.
Permission is given to use the materials only for non-commercial, personal use.
Permission is given to view the material on the swissemb.
Permission is good for one year unless otherwise stated.
Permission is granted and only becomes effective upon receipt of fee.
Permission is granted at no cost to the requestor.
Permission is granted by application, space permitting, to students wishing to live in a dormitory.
Permission is granted by the act of sending in materials.
Permission is granted by the amazed, bare-footed master of the house.
Permission is granted by the British government.
Permission is granted by the instructor of the course.
Permission is granted by the local caretaker and base camp is established.
Permission is granted by way of two dialogue boxes.
Permission is granted for all free personal and non- commercial uses.
Permission is granted for all free personal and non-commercial uses.
Permission is granted for all free personal use.
Permission is granted for all free personal, private and non-commercial uses.
Permission is granted for all personal and non-commercial uses.
Permission is granted for any academic use of the report.
Permission is granted for anyone to make and use copies for personal use.
Permission is granted for anyone to use the contents of the file for any legal purpose.
Permission is granted for brief quotes with the customary acknowledgment of the source.
Permission is granted for copying for non-commercial use.
Permission is granted for copying for private use only.
Permission is granted for educational purposes.
Permission is granted for educational use only.
Permission is granted for fair use in personal, noncommercial, and academic projects.
Permission is granted for free distribution.
Permission is granted for free electronic distribution.
Permission is granted for general and scholarly use.
Permission is granted for individual or serials publication.
Permission is granted for individual publication.
Permission is granted for individual teacher use.
Permission is granted for individual, single copy, personal use only.
Permission is granted for individuals to print a copy of the activity sheet for personal use only.
Permission is granted for individuals to print a copy of the activity sheet.
Permission is granted for it to be photocopied and distributed by e-mail.
Permission is granted for limited reproduction of activity pages for non-profit educational use.
Permission is granted for movant to check out the above listed items.
Permission is granted for news and editorial one-time use only.
Permission is granted for non commerical reprinting.
Permission is granted for non-commercial and educational purposes only.
Permission is granted for non-commercial distribution.
Permission is granted for non-commercial reproduction only.
Permission is granted for non-commercial use in educational settings.
Permission is granted for noncommercial use only.
Permission is granted for non-commercial use only.
Permission is granted for non-commercial use with acknowledgment.
Permission is granted for non-commercial uses.
Permission is granted for non-commercial, educational purposes only.
Permission is granted for non-profit electronic viewing via the internet.
Permission is granted for nonprofit use provided due credit is given.
Permission is granted for non-profit use with attribution.
Permission is granted for nonprofit use with attribution.
Permission is granted for non-profit, educational use only.
Permission is granted for non-profit, educational, and student reproduction.
Permission is granted for non-profit, personal use only.
Permission is granted for one day or two half-days only.
Permission is granted for one hard copy for personal use.
Permission is granted for one night only.
Permission is granted for ONE usage in ONE publication, ONE edition and ONE language only .
Permission is granted for one usage in one publication, one edition only .
Permission is granted for one-term use.
Permission is granted for one-time only.
Permission is granted for one-time use and for the number of copies specified on the agreement.
Permission is granted for one-time use as described on the reverse.
Permission is granted for one-time use of prints only.
Permission is granted for one-time use only .
Permission is granted for one-time use only and there is a fee.
Permission is granted for one-time use only.
Permission is granted for personal and educational use only.
Permission is granted for personal non-commercial use of the package.
Permission is granted for personal non-commercial use only.
Permission is granted for personal or non-commercial use and reproduction.
Permission is granted for personal purposes and for academic purposes in schools or colleges.
Permission is granted for personal use and study.
Permission is granted for personal use in the form of copying and viewing the electronic material.
Permission is granted for personal use in the form of copying and viewing.
Permission is granted for personal use of the pages and images.
Permission is granted for personal use only.
Permission is granted for personal use.
Permission is granted for personal, non-profit use.
Permission is granted for photocopy.
Permission is granted for private use only.
Permission is granted for reproduction for non-profit educational use.
Permission is granted for reproduction for purpose of classroom or workshop instruction.
Permission is granted for reproduction of any pages for private, personal use.
Permission is granted for reproduction provided that the whole document remains intact.
Permission is granted for single use by individuals as long as credit is given.
Permission is granted for such educators to reproduce our pages as needed.
Permission is granted for such use to nonprofit users only.
Permission is granted for teachers to duplicate lesson plan pages for personal and inservice use.
Permission is granted for teachers to print worksheets.
Permission is granted for teachers to use the planetary icosahedron in classroom activities.
Permission is granted for the academic year or spring semester.
Permission is granted for the downloading and printing of articles, for personal use only.
Permission is granted for the life of the project.
Permission is granted for their non-commercial use provided proper accreditation is given.
Permission is granted for their non-commercial use.
Permission is granted for their use, as long as due credit is given.
Permission is granted for unlimited distribution for non-commercial use.
Permission is granted for unlimited distribution for noncommercial use.
Permission is granted for unlimited non-commercial use of that material.
Permission is granted for unlimited noncommercial use.
Permission is granted for unlimited non-commercial use.
Permission is granted for unlimited reproduction with proper attribution.
Permission is granted for use by any student for educational purposes or research.
Permission is granted for use for academic purposes only.
Permission is granted for use in educational settings.
Permission is granted for use of digital images provided in the web site for Personal use only.
Permission is granted for use of the logo for educational purposes only.
Permission is granted for use of the material as stipulated.
Permission is granted for use only in connection with media coverage of the related stories.
Permission is granted for use only on an official KsGenWeb page.
Permission is granted for use only within a purchasing institution.
Permission is granted for use.
Permission is granted for users to print out single copies for individual use only.
Permission is granted for using the software for the purpose of examination.
Permission is granted in most cases for one-time use only.
Permission is granted on a case by case basis.
Permission is granted on a first come first served basis.
Permission is granted on a per-semester basis.
Permission is granted on a space-available basis.
Permission is granted on an individual basis.
Permission is granted on the merits of each case.
Permission is granted only after funds have been received.
Permission is granted only by special action.
Permission is granted only for one usage in one publication, one edition, and in one language.
Permission is granted only for the purpose of studying and preparing for examinations.
Permission is granted only if the student has prepared for the examination.
Permission is granted only in emergency situations and is at the discretion of both instructors.
Permission is granted only in special circumstances and when certain criteria are met.
Permission is granted only in the most exceptional cases.
Permission is granted only in very special cases.
Permission is granted only is staffing and class size at the intended grade level allow.
Permission is granted only on a one-time basis.
Permission is granted only to non-commercial sites.
Permission is granted only when certain criteria are met.
Permission is granted only when certain limited criteria are met.
Permission is granted subject to any restrictions made by donors or depositors.
Permission is granted through, in a very cursory way on the spot.
Permission is granted to a principal that is recognized via authentication .
Permission is granted to access all information for noncommercial uses.
Permission is granted to add captioning for the hearing impaired.
Permission is granted to all for their personal and family use.
Permission is granted to all parties to reproduce all or any part of the above text in any media.
Permission is granted to any individual to copy all or part for personal use.
Permission is granted to anyone to provide links to any page on the vlib.org site.
Permission is granted to anyone to use the lists for calculating ratings as long as credit is given.
Permission is granted to audiotape lectures.
Permission is granted to authors to reproduce their own reprints.
Permission is granted to broadcast, duplicate and distribute all programs.
Permission is granted to connect to our web pages.
Permission is granted to copy all recipes for personal use .
Permission is granted to copy all recipes for personal use only.
Permission is granted to copy all recipes for personal use.
Permission is granted to copy and adapt for noncommercial purposes.
Permission is granted to copy and adapt with credit to the source.
Permission is granted to copy and distribute freely.
Permission is granted to copy and use the software for scientific, noncommercial purposes only.
Permission is granted to copy and use the test files as part of any test suite.
Permission is granted to copy electronically and print for internal use only.
Permission is granted to copy for non-profit use.
Permission is granted to copy for personal, non-commercial use only.
Permission is granted to copy for private non-commercial use only.
Permission is granted to copy in whole or in part any of the zine.
Permission is granted to copy it for educational purposes.
Permission is granted to copy one copy for class purposes.
Permission is granted to copy or print information here for personal use only.
Permission is granted to copy pages for private, personal use only.
Permission is granted to copy pages, links, and other materials for private, personal use only.
Permission is granted to copy sections as long as the source and author are cited.
Permission is granted to copy student pages for family or classroom use.
Permission is granted to copy text and non-logo graphics without further permission.
Permission is granted to copy the pictures from the book to make overhead cells or cards.
Permission is granted to copy the program with accompanying documentation for non-profit purposes.
Permission is granted to copy the terms, and to print out copies for personal and educational use.
Permission is granted to copy the text and to print out copies for personal and educational use.
Permission is granted to copy the text, and to print out copies for personal and educational use.
Permission is granted to copy with attribution for noncommercial purposes.
Permission is granted to copy with proper attribution for non-commercial purposes.
Permission is granted to copy.
Permission is granted to correct grammatical or spelling errors.
Permission is granted to distribute electronically and to make single hard copies.
Permission is granted to download and redistribute, providing that credit is given.
Permission is granted to download materials for personal use only.
Permission is granted to download or copy for non-commercial individual use only.
Permission is granted to download photographs for personal, private use.
Permission is granted to download single copies of articles for personal use.
Permission is granted to download the color or black and white brochures for reprinting.
Permission is granted to download the material for private, non-commercial use only.
Permission is granted to duplicate and redistribute to educators, students and families.
Permission is granted to duplicate for non commercial use.
Permission is granted to duplicate the material for class studies or small group studies.
Permission is granted to duplicate the material to share with others.
Permission is granted to duplicate worksheet pages for inservice purposes.
Permission is granted to duplicate worksheets for inservice use.
Permission is granted to duplicate, reproduce or modify the Calendar.
Permission is granted to educators for free use of image and teaching.
Permission is granted to electronically and to print in hard copy for internal use only.
Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy for internal use only.
Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy for personal use only.
Permission is granted to electronically copy for personal viewing purposes.
Permission is granted to electronically print recipes in hard copy for personal home use only.
Permission is granted to establish a department of science.
Permission is granted to excerpt reviews for purpose of show promotion.
Permission is granted to forward the Bulletin on unaltered.
Permission is granted to forward without notification.
Permission is granted to freely copy and distribute with text unchanged, including author's name.
Permission is granted to freely distribute without fee.
Permission is granted to individuals only.
Permission is granted to individuals to make one copy of any content for their non-commercial use.
Permission is granted to link to here from other home pages.
Permission is granted to make and distribute copies with credit to the original source.
Permission is granted to make as many copies as needed.
Permission is granted to make copies for individual use.
Permission is granted to make copies for personal use.
Permission is granted to make copies to give away.
Permission is granted to make duplicates for use in the context of the local church.
Permission is granted to make electronic or printed copies of the journal for personal use only.
Permission is granted to make one copy for personal use.
Permission is granted to make single copies for personal use.
Permission is granted to make twenty copies or fewer for any personal, non-commercial use.
Permission is granted to make verbatim copies for personal use.
Permission is granted to modify for personal use.
Permission is granted to modify source code for personal use only.
Permission is granted to perform the hot work.
Permission is granted to photocopy for educational, nonprofit uses.
Permission is granted to photocopy for internal reference or for personal use of paid subscribers.
Permission is granted to photocopy if the source is acknowledged.
Permission is granted to photocopy if the source is acknowledged.ell-being.
Permission is granted to photocopy in limited quantity for educational purposes.
Permission is granted to print a copy of individual design idea pages for personal use only.
Permission is granted to print a hardcopy of any page of the site for personal use.
Permission is granted to print and photocopy for personal use only.
Permission is granted to print and use two copies for use in creating stained glass work.
Permission is granted to print copies for personal use of downloaded material.
Permission is granted to print for personal use only.
Permission is granted to print hard copies for personal use.
Permission is granted to print one copy of each page.
Permission is granted to print out materials for order fulfillment only.
Permission is granted to print, copy, and distribute Facts in Action.
Permission is granted to printout each article for personal use.
Permission is granted to publish in news media.
Permission is granted to publish it.
Permission is granted to publish with attribution.
Permission is granted to quote from original copyrighted material for academic purposes only.
Permission is granted to quote in whole or part.
Permission is granted to quote or reprint the above.
Permission is granted to quote short passages for review purposes.
Permission is granted to read or print the book out for personal use.
Permission is granted to repost electronically.
Permission is granted to reprint any article provided acknowledgement is given.
Permission is granted to reprint any part of it, provided credit is given the author.
Permission is granted to reprint any part of it, provided credit is given to the author.
Permission is granted to reprint in whole or in part for any noncommercial uses.
Permission is granted to reprint the article below, provided nothing is changed.
Permission is granted to reprint with proper attribution.
Permission is granted to reprint, repost, or forward it.
Permission is granted to reprint, with citation to author and web address.
Permission is granted to reproduce article if byline and links stay intact.
Permission is granted to reproduce articles for non-profit educational uses.
Permission is granted to reproduce articles for personal and educational use only.
Permission is granted to reproduce for educational or training purposes.
Permission is granted to reproduce for noncommercial purposes only.
Permission is granted to reproduce for nonprofit educational use.
Permission is granted to reproduce for personal and educational use only.
Permission is granted to reproduce for use in local churches.
Permission is granted to reproduce it as required.
Permission is granted to reproduce material with the exception of copyrighted material.
Permission is granted to reproduce site material for personal or non-profit educational purposes.
Permission is granted to reproduce the Spanish pages as needed.
Permission is granted to reproduce, as long as all notices and copyrights are left intact.
Permission is granted to reproduce.
Permission is granted to republish for non-profit purposes, as long as proper credit is given.
Permission is granted to students and teachers to copy material herein for educational purposes.
Permission is granted to use and make electronic copies of said material.
Permission is granted to use any of the pictures in any newsletters, magazines or on web pages.
Permission is granted to use cgic in any application, commercial or noncommercial, at no cost.
Permission is granted to use for personal or teaching purposes only.
Permission is granted to use materials for educational and personal use only.
Permission is granted to use part or all of any article published here.
Permission is granted to use the documents for non-commercial educational purposes.
Permission is granted to use the following article, if the web page source is referenced.
Permission is granted to use, duplicate, modify and redistribute it.
Permission is granted to view.
Permission is granted, via contracts, for specific usages of artwork.
Permission is granted.
Permission is hereby give for unabridged copies to be distributed freely.
Permission is included to photocopy the set of lessons for distribution.
Permission is included to reproduce copyrighted materials or signed patient consent forms.
Permission is inferred, by the presence of the shop, and that the door is unlocked.
Permission is key.
Permission is limited to photocopies in black and white.
Permission is limited to the applicant and is non-transferable.
Permission is mandatory for all image usage.
Permission is necessary for any artwork from another source.
Permission is necessary for even one line of a poem or a song.
Permission is necessary for unpublished theses, speeches, and letters.
Permission is necessary for use of students' art or writings.
Permission is necessary to reproduce all or parts of the articles and photos.
Permission is necessary.
Permission is needed both from college and the high school district in which the student resides.
Permission is needed for any copyrighted materials used in the site.
Permission is needed for any redistribution or publication.
Permission is needed for each individual movement of troops.
Permission is needed in order to use on another web site or for a comercial product.
Permission is needed to copy, print, use, download or publish in any format.
Permission is needed to explore certain areas of the sanctuary.
Permission is needed to load new software.
Permission is needed to reproduce, or use any photos, stories, or poetry.
Permission is needed.
Permission is negotiated on a case by case basis.
Permission is nontransferable.
Permission is obtained each time an image is requested for use.
Permission is obtained for materials used repeatedly by same instructor for same class.
Permission is obtained from authors to reproduce non-copyrighted published instruments.
Permission is obtained from the department or college that controls the class.
Permission is obtained from the department.
Permission is obtained in advance.
Permission is obtained on override forms that are available in department offices.
Permission is obtained to use content sourced from other providers.
Permission is pacts.
Permission is removed automatically from the system at the end of the registration period.
Permission is requested for use during one term only.
Permission is requested of conn to test the ramp.
Permission is requested to advertise the position.
Permission is requiered from photographer to use photos.
Permission is required and a reasonable fee charged for commercial use of articles by a third party.
Permission is required at the time of application.
Permission is required based on criteria that stresses aptitude, motivation, and past attainment.
Permission is required before copyrighted material can be compiled.
Permission is required before forming a partnership.
Permission is required before use of beaches - footpaths etc.
Permission is required before use.
Permission is required by the village representative to visit the island.
Permission is required for all other forms and quantities of reproduction.
Permission is required for all photographs, include names and contact numbers.
Permission is required for any and all other pertinent circumstances.
Permission is required for any other purposes.
Permission is required for any other use of any of the contents.
Permission is required for any reprinting or redistribution.
Permission is required for any reproduction.
Permission is required for any republication for commercial purposes or profit.
Permission is required for any re-use of images.
Permission is required for any use other than personal study.
Permission is required for any use other than personal viewing in a browser.
Permission is required for anything other than personal use.
Permission is required for commercial reproduction.
Permission is required for commercial use.
Permission is required for duplication.
Permission is required for entry.
Permission is required for images and text to be used in part.
Permission is required for membership.
Permission is required for one or more lines of poetry.
Permission is required for overnight guests.
Permission is required for printing or copying.
Permission is required for publication or other public use.
Permission is required for registration at any other campus.
Permission is required for reproduction of any of our site contents, in full or part.
Permission is required for the use of any library owned equipment.
Permission is required for undergraduate students.
Permission is required for use of images or text outside the classroom or online.
Permission is required for use.
Permission is required for using cameras to photograph documents.
Permission is required from the department chair.
Permission is required from the director of first year studies.
Permission is required from the high school principal and the parents of the student.
Permission is required from the m.b.a. program for non-m.b.a.
Permission is required from the parents of the student.
Permission is required from the program director.
Permission is required if more than two courses with practica are taken in a given semester.
Permission is required if the student wishes to take the course and internship concurrently.
Permission is required on all private land before hunting, fishing or trapping.
Permission is required only for the celebration of Holy Mass or any other religious service.
Permission is required only to produce any copyrighted material contained herein.
Permission is required only to reproduce any copyrighted material contained herein.
Permission is required prior to entry.
Permission is required prior to making a copy .
Permission is required prior to returning merchandise for restocking.
Permission is required to access departmental printers.
Permission is required to conduct an interview and to tape record it as well.
Permission is required to copy images for publication or distribution.
Permission is required to copy or use any data or photographic images.
Permission is required to copy, download or use any data, photographic or image files.
Permission is required to copy, download or use any text, photographic or image files.
Permission is required to cross private land.
Permission is required to distribute the FREE edition.
Permission is required to duplicate materials in special collections.
Permission is required to enroll in all creative writing classes.
Permission is required to fly in.
Permission is required to gain access to the available graphics.
Permission is required to insure no ships are present to endanger divers beneath the pier.
Permission is required to leave the school grounds.
Permission is required to picnic or camp.
Permission is required to place the obit word for word.
Permission is required to publish any photo, story or poem.
Permission is required to release data.
Permission is required to remove class tools, supplies or books from the studio.
Permission is required to reprint or use any pictures.
Permission is required to reproduce any or all parts.
Permission is required to reproduce material available here.
Permission is required to reproduce or use any material.
Permission is required to reproduce photographs and graphics.
Permission is required to reproduce the articles for any commercial use whatsoever.
Permission is required to sell it commercially.
Permission is required to serve alcohoic beverages.
Permission is required to study abroad during one's sophomore year.
Permission is required to substantially extract or re-use the contents of a database.
Permission is required to use a computer.
Permission is required to use any of our photos.
Permission is required to use the photos on web pages or to print, distribute or alter any photo.
Permission is required to view correspondence and some is completely restricted.
Permission is required to visit the cave.
Permission is required to visit the site.
Permission is required.
Permission is restricted solely to the applicant for one-time use only, with no other rights.
Permission is rights.
Permission is selfish .
Permission is selfish.
Permission is simple.
Permission is sometimes available for the asking.
Permission is sought for posting copywritten material.
Permission is step one in creating a relationship.
Permission is stronger when understanding is present.
Permission is subject to ongoing inspection and analysis and completion of an agreed work programme.
Permission is the key to finding new content business models.
Permission is valid for as long as the booklet is in use.
Permission is valid for the calendar year.
Permission is waived for photocopies made by professors of educational establishments.
Permission is waived if authors want to reproduce their own material for personal use.
Permission is, hereby, granted to reproduce, copy, distribute, and publish.
Permission isa message.
Permission lets the mind's eye focus.
Permission means full disclosure by the marketer and complete understanding by the registrant.
Permission needs to be acquired from site owners first of course.
Permission needs to be attained along with necessary building permits.
Permission needs to be obtained for the use of borrowed material.
Permission needs to be obtained from the graduates prior to distribution of the survey.
Permission opens desire.
Permission required since enrollment is limited.
Permission slips .
Permission slips for participation are available in the library.
Permission slips signed by a parent are necessary to register and are available at the library.
Permission slips to leave games early.
Permission slips to post child's artwork at school.
Permission takes far too long.
Permission therefore is as positive an effect of the law, as obligation.
Permission weakens in the face of confusion.
Permissions affect the lifecycle and resolution of issues.
Permissions allow lecturers to create their own directories here.
Permissions also depend on the type of end-user.
Permissions apply to directories as well as files.
Permissions are a way of controlling who can access a file, and how it can be accessed.
Permissions are another subtle limitation.
Permissions are crucial to the success of cgi scripts.
Permissions are cumulative.
Permissions are fine.
Permissions are for one term only.
Permissions are for one use only .
Permissions are for one-time use and only for the purpose stated in the written request.
Permissions are important for shell scripts.
Permissions are important.
Permissions are incorrect.
Permissions are on by default, unless suppressed by umask.
Permissions are per version.
Permissions are script.
Permissions are the author's responsibility to obtain.
Permissions are the responsibility of the author.
Permissions can be a nightmare.
Permissions can often be a real drag.
Permissions change, sometimes permanently, sometimes temporarily.
Permissions descend downward from the topmost domain in which the group has rights.
Permissions determine which users on the network have rights to files and directories.
Permissions determine who can do what to a file.
Permissions determine who can read from the file or write to the file.
Permissions determine who can use a file or directory and how they can use it.
Permissions determine who can use what file or directory.
Permissions expire when the major superior goes out of office.
Permissions granted are personal reprints or downloading to personal computers for individual use.
Permissions Having proper file permissions is key to getting the scripts to execute properly.
Permissions illustrates the use of all the security-related tools.
Permissions involve county and state.
Permissions is another powerful tool in Explorer.
Permissions is the set of authorizations that specify what an authenticated user can do in a system.
Permissions now are -rwxrwxrwx.
Permissions provides queries to determine options usedby an implementation.
Permissions provides queries to identify implementation permissions.
Permissions question with a user part of a group containing no access.
Permissions See our Permissions page .
Permissions shows just the permissions and owner.
Permissions slips .
Permissions take a different meaning for directories.
Permissions template helps students write for permission to use web information.
Permissions vary by object type based on the capabilities of that object.
Permissions Write permissions refers to a user's ability to add events to a calendar.
All permission is granted on a per use basis.
All permissions are for one reprinting only.
All permissions are for one time only.
All permissions default to closed.
Any permission granted is nonexclusive and nontransferable, and is granted only on a one-time basis.
Most permissions have an obvious meaning.
Permissive cultures lead to teen pregnancies, large school drop-out rates and hence, more crime.
Permissive indulgence is an important part of consumers' lives too.
Permissive parents give in to their children.
Permissive parents have high responsiveness, but low demandingness.
Permissive parents like to let a child's natural impulses unfold freely.
Permissive parents perpetuate a subtle form of child abuse.
Permissive parents produce rebellious and egocentric children.
Permissive parents provide too little structure and discipline overall.
Permissiveness is a disposition
Permissiveness is irresponsible and leads to destruction.
Permissiveness is widespread.
Permit activity provides insight into housing and overall economic activity in upcoming months.
Permit application needs to be submitted.
Permit authorization varies depending on the size and scope of the intended project.
Permit badges are valid for the calendar year.
Permit conditions are tentative and subject to public comment.
Permit fee is set by the fee schedule .
Permit fishing remains active and gets better as the month progresses.
Permit forms are available on-line.
Permit fraud is a serious violation and an unfair practice.
Permit fraud is a serious violation as well as unfair practice.
Permit holder is responsible for ALL vehicles registered to their accounts including all fines.
Permit holder is responsible for any violations issued to vehicles displaying their permit.
Permit issuance is subject to a public review process.
Permit limits are much more than just necessary paperwork.
Permit numbers are strictly limited, and so do apply as soon as possible to avoid disappointment.
Permit parking can be restrictive to neighborhood parking.
Permit parking is available for neighborhoods with onstreet parking problems.
Permit parking is available immediately north of the building adjacent to the ramped door.
Permit parking is available in front of the building.
Permit parking is for use on green top meters only.
Permit price varies according to the month.
Permit processing is handled differently in different communities.
Permit regulations vary from state to state.
Permit renewals are due in the year indicated for each basin group.
Permit requirements are being enforced, be sure to have the appropriate permit.
Permit requirements are the responsibility of the sponsoring agency.
Permit requirements vary by city and county.
Permit requirements vary by county.
Permit rules apply and a separate NJT permit is required.
Permit sanctions are also possible.
Most permit stations are right at the access point and others are on the road in.
Permit stickers are free to faculty and staff.
A permit is an instrument
Permits allow a maximum of three consecutive days of operation.
Permits allow a one-time use of one metric ton of carbon.
Permits allow for an eight cord limit.
Permits allow sport, personal use, and subsistence shrimping.
Permits allow the enforcement of the codes which have been adopted as law.
Permits allow two hours maximum.
Permits allow visitors to park in areas designated for visitors, faculty, staff or students.
Permits allow visitors to park in areas designated for visitors, faculty, staff, or students.
Permits also allow the city to ensure safe construction and proper use of the structure.
Permits also specify water quality standards for any discharges.
Permits are a privilege that allow the permit holder to attempt to harvest fish.
Permits are against the constitution.
Permits are alos required for grading, electrical, plumbing, or mechanical work.
Permits are also available at locations througout the state.
Permits are also available by advance reservation .
Permits are also available by advance reservation.
Permits are also available for the disabled here.
Permits are also available from instructors at the first class.
Permits are also available from the chamber of commerce in the Lower Village.
Permits are also available in the park at visitor centers, entrance stations, and headquarters.
Permits are also issues for signs, swimming pools, additions, and out buildings.
Permits are also necessary for the construction of facilities, including religious facilities.
Permits are available as bilingual documents for download in Word format.
Permits are available at all meetings.
Permits are available at campgrounds, visitor centers, and ranger stations.
Permits are available at forest and park offices during working hours.
Permits are available at forestry offices throughout the province.
Permits are available at no charge, and typically are valid for seven days.
Permits are available at no cost at the reception desk in C Building.
Permits are available at outdoor supply shops around the state.
Permits are available at some visitor centers and ranger stations.
Permits are available at the A-frame building at the digging site.
Permits are available at the area office or from retailers selling hunting and fishing permits.
Permits are available at the engineering office, and the contractor has to be bonded with the city.
Permits are available at the entrance to the lake area.
Permits are available at the entrance to the recreation area.
Permits are available at the entrances, visitor centers or the main business office.
Permits are available at the front desk of the senior center.
Permits are available at the information booths at each end of campus.
Permits are available at the Park District office.
Permits are available at the park office.
Permits are available at the permit dispensers at major entrances to the campus.
Permits are available at the ramps.
Permits are available at the refuge headquarters.
Permits are available at the Rescue.
Permits are available at the ticket counter.
Permits are available at the visitor center.
Permits are available for all disabled applicants at no charge.
Permits are available for archery, muzzle loaders and rifles.
Permits are available for non-interstate highways only.
Permits are available for pick up at least two weeks before the beginning of each quarter.
Permits are available for second cars.
Permits are available for the entire season or on a daily basis.
Permits are available for touring the works and port.
Permits are available from dealers, and many other businesses across the Island.
Permits are available from most local dairies or service stations.
Permits are available from most ranger stations and visitor centers.
Permits are available from our office during regular office hours.
Permits are available from park offices and ranger stations.
Permits are available from the front desk clinic staff.
Permits are available from the municipality, museum and the information office.
Permits are available from the nearest fire warden or ranger station.
Permits are available from the park office .
Permits are available from the secretary of state an the time of registration renewal.
Permits are available from the secretary of state at the time of registration renewal.
Permits are available in .pdf format.
Permits are available in advance for a reservation fee.
Permits are available in the engineering office.
Permits are available in the village.
Permits are available locally for a small fee.
Permits are available on both islands and on the mainland.
Permits are available on site in most of the reserves but it is advisable to verify beforehand.
Permits are available one day in advance at any park ranger station.
Permits are available throughout the area.
Permits are available to both residents and non-residents.
Permits are available to groups at other times of the year.
Permits are available to residents and non-residents.
Permits are available without fees upon arrival at park or forest ranger stations.
Permits are color coded to correspond with the specific parking lot.
Permits are color coded to specific lots.
Permits are considerably more difficult to obtain for field burning than for residential burning.
Permits are currently valid unless no capacity remains.
Permits are easily obtainable in most areas.
Permits are enforceable documents.
Permits are fish.
Permits are for hunting access in designated areas.
Permits are for pinon or juniper trees.
Permits are for the exclusive use of the registered permit user.
Permits are for the registrant's use only.
Permits are for use by the purchaser only.
Permits are free and available from most ranger stations and visitor centers.
Permits are free and can be picked up at ranger stations or visitor centers.
Permits are free and come with pruning guidelines to assist property owners with proper techniques.
Permits are free for all hunts except the turkey hunt, which requires a special quota hunt permit.
Permits are free of charge.
Permits are free when obtained in person.
Permits are free, but limited in number.
Permits are free.
Permits are generally available from Memorial Day to Labor Day.
Permits are good for one year.
Permits are good for six months from the date issued.
Permits are good for the calender year unless specified otherwise.
Permits are good for the year.
Permits are good for three consecutive days.
Permits are good from midnight to midnight.
Permits are in place and both lots have access to the lake.
Permits are initially valid for three years and expire on the date printed on the permit.
Permits are limited and a government liaison officer is required.
Permits are limited to groups of eight or fewer persons.
Permits are limited, so apply early.
Permits are limited.
Permits are mandatory for all productions.
Permits are mandatory for anyone staying overnight in the backcountry and are free.
Permits are more limited in both Canada and Alaska, but more U.S. states offer permits.
Permits are name and address specific.
Permits are necessary for the construction of facilities, including religious facilities.
Permits are necessary to export objects of arts and culture.
Permits are necessary.
Permits are no cost.
Permits are no longer available to convert wetlands to rice production.
Permits are no trivial matter to high-tech companies.
Permits are non -transferable and are required on each vessel.
Permits are non transferable.
Permits are non- transferable.
Permits are non-refundable.
Permits are non-transferable to any other person.
Permits are non-transferable.
Permits are nontransferable.
Permits are non-transferrable and are selected based on a lottery drawing.
Permits are non-transferrable.
Permits are normally only give to professional archaeologists.
Permits are objects returned by the gate.
Permits are readily available.
Permits are ready to be issued.
Permits are renewable annually.
Permits are renewable on an annual basis.
Permits are renewable.
Permits are required - please contact the above office for permits and reservations.
Permits are required at certain parks, please check with officials before venturing off.
Permits are required before installations begin.
Permits are required for hunting coyote, bobcat and fox.
Permits are required for special hunts.
Permits are required to enter all ASPAs.
Permits are required to keep bald eagles in captivity in the United States.
Permits are required to trap or shoot pronghorns.
Permits are required to visit most of the studios.
Permits are sold on a first come, first serve basis.
Permits are statewide and are good for a year.
Permits are still available at certain DNR stations.
Permits are still available for late construction work, but only under special circumstances.
Permits are subject to approval.
Permits are subject to change as treatments are developed or as new pest and disease problems arise.
Permits are subject to public comment before approval.
Permits are subject to restriction by local authorities.
Permits are the property of the State of Oregon.
Permits are the vehicles which the city uses to inspect all construction work as it progresses.
Permits are the way Yuma County can insure that all construction in Yuma County is safe.
Permits are time and site specific.
Permits are to be displayed on the back of the inside rearview mirror of automobiles.
Permits are to be displayed so all information including permit number is clearly visible.
Permits are to be hung from the rearview mirror while parked in the applicable lot.
Permits are to be issued only by authorized departmental staff.
Permits are to be paid for at the time of issuance.
Permits are to be used only for the vehicles they are issued for.
Permits are transferable from vehicle to vehicle.
Permits are transferable only to other vehicles owned by the permit holder or to rental cars, etc.
Permits are transferable to any replacement vehicle.
Permits are transferable to other vehicles.
Permits are transferable.
Permits are unnecessary.
Permits are up across the region.
Permits are usually available and cheap.
Permits are valid at all times of the day and every day of the week.
Permits are valid at the locations for which they are sold.
Permits are valid for a maximum of twelve months.
Permits are valid for a stated route and for a limited period of time.
Permits are valid for a two-calendar year period.
Permits are valid for a year from the date they are issued.
Permits are valid for certain hunting areas and segments.
Permits are valid for five years.
Permits are valid for imports from any country.
Permits are valid for one year from date of issuance.
Permits are valid for one year from date of issue.
Permits are valid for one year only.
Permits are valid for one year.
Permits are valid for place of residence.
Permits are valid for the day of issue only.
Permits are valid for the entire season for the taking of game, except waterfowl, by bow only.
Permits are valid for the time specified, unless sooner revoked.
Permits are valid for three years from the date of issuance.
Permits are valid for two calendar months from the date of issue.
Permits are valid for two consecutive days.
Permits are valid on all campuses until their expiration date.
Permits are valid on an academic year basis beginning with the first day of each fall semester.
Permits are valid on both campuses.
Permits are valid only for the date, time and location specified.
Permits are valid only for the spaces to which they are assigned.
Permits are valid only for the time indicated on the face of the permit.
Permits are valid only in the designated lot and according to signs posted at the entrances.
Permits are valid only in the vehicles listed on the original application.
Permits are valid only on the specific streets that are identified on the permit.
Permits are valid only on the vehicle they are registered to.
Permits are valid only until expiration date on hangtag and sticker, regardless of date of purchase.
Permits are valid only where indicated by posted signs.
Permits are valid only where indicated by signage.
Permits are valid throughout New York State.
Permits are valid until canceled or revoked.
Permits are valid until revoked or there is a change of alarm user.
Permits are, as a rule, free of charge for amateur genealogists.
Permits assure safe construction to protect the public health, safety and welfare.
Permits authorizing consumption of alcoholic beverages at group functions are available.
Permits become invalid upon graduation or termination of employment.
Permits can also help to avoid accidental cutting of trees on public property.
Permits can also specify limiting operation conditions for the equipment.
Permits can be expensive, and students are encouraged to use alternative forms of transportation.
Permits can be obtain for moving nest from one location to another.
Permits can specify the quantity, type, or quality of fuel or other substance used in a process.
Permits can take more than a year to process before they are granted, if they are granted at all.
Permits can take up to three months to obtain.
Permits claims only against the domestic tobacco subsidiaries.
Permits contain either effluent limits or require the installation of specific pollutant treatment.
Permits cover use by immediate family members and paid guests.
Permits dim headlight operation.
Permits enable the county to enforce the life-safety provisions of the building codes in Indiana.
Permits execute or search by group.
Permits execute or search by others.
Permits execute or search by owner.
Permits exercise with less stress on the heart.
Permits expire at the end of the current scheduled quarter.
Permits expire on different dates, require different forms, and involve different fees.
Permits expire on the next scheduled examination date.
Permits expire one year after the issue date.
Permits expire one year from the beginning movement date.
Permits expire, grazing continues unregulated.
Permits Explains the District s permit processing system.
Permits has to be issued to a licensed mobile home installer.
Permits has to be secured for a visitor to enter.
Permits have been received, final plan review and final construction documents are underway.
Permits have five year renewal requirments and alternative qualifications.
Permits help ensure that any structural change is safe, legal and sound.
Permits help park managers gather information needed to make wise resource management decisions.
Permits impose conditions to protect the public and the environment.
Permits issued by state or local government are also valid.
Permits issued by states are valid on campus.
Permits issued on a first come, first serve basis.
Permits issued to the City of Portsmouth are exempt from the above fees.
Permits make the job of monitoring and recording past and present feedlot pollution easier.
Permits normally require a day or two to process.
Permits only enforce pollution controls designed to protect uses.
Permits operate on a fiscal calendar.
Permits ought to be distributed initially to current boat owners.
Permits override the maximum enrollment limits.
Permits pay periods of weekly, bi-monthly, monthly or any desired period.
Permits place strict requirements on how and when work is to be done.
Permits purchased in the fall semester are valid through the following summer semester.
Permits require about thirty days to be issued.
Permits require routine reporting of test results from waste-water samples.
Permits required, service charge applies.
Permits shows any DNS permits taken out for that address.
Permits stop being issued one hour before the park closes.
Permits student religious clubs and possession of the Bible at school.
Permits take a minimum of two weeks to obtain.
Permits tend to be fewer and less costly.
Permits typically limit the number of extensions to no more than two.
Permits use between closely planted rows.
Permits use ofmodern digital transmission and switching equipment.
Permits vary in price because each scenario is different.
Permits welder to work alone.
Permits write by group.
Permits write by others.
Permits write by owner.
All permits are available at the lake concession stand.
All permits are available at the lake concession stands.
All permits are being sold on a first come, first serve basis.
All permits are current.
All permits are free of charge.
All permits are free, but there is a limit of one sticker per person.
All permits are good for two years from date issued.
All permits are in place.
All permits are nonrefundable.
All permits are non-transferable.
All permits are per lane per week.
All permits are subject to drawing.
All permits are subject to public hearings.
All permits are subject to review every five years.
All permits are valid for a specified amount of time.
All permits are valid for one calendar year.
All permits are valid for the academic year.
All permits expire at the end of the academic year.
All permits expire at the end of the calendar year in which they are granted.
All permits expire at the end of the calendar year.
All permits expire five days after the opening of the next succeeding school year.
All permits expire on the date designated on the permit.
All permits expire with the change of status which was qualification for the permit.
All permits go on sale on the announced date.
All permits have a cash value, there are NO FREE permits.
All permits issued before the ban went into effect are invalid.
All permits require a projected cost and the name of the contractor.
All permits require an application and fee.
All permits run with the land and are binding upon each and subsequent owners.
Any permit considering the persons, buildings etc in a picture is in client's responsibility.
Any permit made available is over and above the already allocated hunting licenses.
Any permit purchased for use of the facility is good only for the purchase date up until midnight.
Any permits granted by states, etc., is infringement.
Many permits are for proposed modifications to improve a facility's process.
Many permits call for daily or monthly record keeping.
More permits are available during midweek.
More permits means more rivers, more choices, more dates, and more available space.
Most permits also undergo a public comment period.
Most permits are good for the entire school year unless otherwise specified on the permit.
Most permits are in effect for one year.
Most permits are likely to be sold by Russia and Ukraine.
Most permits have a requirement for some kind of record keeping.
Most permits require the signature of the academic dean as well as the adviser.
Some permit measure very, but little path without a discounts buys.
Some permits also require approvals from other authorities, such as the local government.
Some permits require inspections.
Permitted practices are black and white and inflexible.
Permittings are authorization.
Permittings are physical events.
Permutation City is closer to home because it is mostly about computer software.
Permutation groups contain only reflections and rotations.
Every permutation matrix encodes a solution to the marriage problem.
Permutation tests are either exhaustive or nonexhaustive .
Permutation cascades with normalized cells.
Permutation illustrates the number of ways to arrange elements in a definite order.
Permutation is a method of establishing significance without making assumptions about the data.
Permutation is a translation
Permutation is an extension of inversion that can be applied to genetic programming.
Permutation is an ordered arrangement of a set of distinct objects.
Permutation is transformation.
Permutation is used in the strict mathematical sense that only order is changed.
Permutation lock with a code selecting apparatus installed in a turning handle.
Permutation means a combination of certain units in all possible orderings.
Permutation only mirrors the original collection.
Permutation tests for least absolute deviation regression.
Permutations also have a parity which is changed by a transposition .
Permutations are easy to create using software.
Permutations are tests, unless highlighted as something else.
Permutations are when order is important.
Permutations can be a test of competitiveness or advocated as a policy option.
Permutations Demonstrates how to calculate permutations, and how they appear in cycles.
Permutations go towards covering all eventualities within a given scenario.
Permutations maximise winnings when they occur.
Permutations scroll on the screen.
Permutations seem to be a test.
Permutations Take a set A of n different elements.
All permutations can exists.
Any permutation commutes with operators that are symmetric in system coordinates.
Any permutation is a product of transpositions.
Every permutation is a product of disjoint cycles.
Every permutation is a product of transpositions .
Every permutation is a product of transpositions.
Every permutation is either even or odd.
Every permutation is equivalent to a product of transpositions.
Pern dragons come in, from largest to smallest.
Pernambuco wood is a tree
Pernambuco wood is better than brazilwood for making bows.
Pernicious anemia affects males and females at about the same rate.
Pernicious anemia can cause a metabolic neuropathy.
Pernicious anemia can lead to severe permanent nerve damage.
Pernicious anemia causes weakness, numbness of the extremities, pallor, fever and other symptoms.
Pernicious anemia is a fairly rare, but very serious condition.
Pernicious anemia is a serious medical condition.
Pernicious anemia is anemia
Pernicious anemia is anemia.
Pernicious anemia is associated with anti-parietel cell and intrinsic factor antibodies.
Pernicious anemia is basically a nutritional deficiency disease.
Pernicious anemia is caused by the absence of intrinsic factor, a substance secreted by the stomach.
Pernicious anemia is the most common cause.
Pernicious anemia poses the same problem. . . .
Pernicious riders keep slipping into the appropriations package.
Peroxidases transfer the oxygen from the peroxide to the substance which is to be oxidized.
Peroxide actually dissolves the blood.
Peroxide can be a reducing agent or an oxidizing agent.
Peroxide creates small bubbles in the mouth which massage the gums providing a cleaning sensation.
Peroxide dissolves in water.
Peroxide does tissue damage, especially when used undiluted.
Peroxide is also ineffective in preventing halitosis.
Peroxide is also lethal if consumed in excess.
Peroxide is an antiseptic which kills some mouth germs.
Peroxide is an indirect product of the occasional incomplete reduction of oxygen to water.
Peroxide is an oxidizing agent
Peroxide is essentially super-oxygenated water.
Peroxide is great for removing dry, crusty blood from stitches.
Peroxide is oxide.
Peroxide is water with lots of oxygen.
Peroxide isa entity.
Peroxide reacts with compounds.
Peroxide reacts with organic compounds.
Peroxide stings a little more than alcohol, which feels cool.
Peroxide then resolves it into the alcohol.
Peroxide typically is used for bleaching hair and disinfecting minor wounds.
Peroxides also can react with molecules in the cell to form free radicals.
Peroxides are a group of compounds that contain an oxygen-oxygen bond.
Peroxides are an extremely sensitive byproduct formed when a compound reacts with air.
Peroxides are explosive.
Peroxides are extremely sensitive to trace metal contamination, which causes rapid decomposition.
Peroxides are low power explosives and very sensitive to shock and heat.
Peroxides can accumulate in open containers of ether.
Peroxides can be highly reactive, powerful oxidizers, and highly flammable.
Peroxides can be violently explosive in concentrated form or as solids.
Peroxides can form after long-time storage with exposure to air.
Peroxides concentrated in the residue can pose a serious explosive hazard.
Peroxides generally develop over time from air oxidation.
Peroxides have a specific half-life, or rate of decomposition, under any given set of conditions.
Peroxides react with DNA to cause mutations and react with membranes.
Peroxides used to color enhance hair are difficult to remove and cause the color to fade.
Peroxides frequently react to form free radicals.
Most peroxide reacts with compounds.
Most peroxide reacts with organic compounds.
Some peroxide combines with chloride.
Some peroxide reacts with metallic potassium.
Some peroxide reacts with potassium.
Peroxidizable materials can form peroxides in storage, generally when in contact with the air.
Peroxy radicals are key players in many atmospheric chemical cycles.
Peroxyacetic acid has slight acute toxicity to aquatic life.
Peroxyacetic acid has slight chronic toxicity to aquatic life.
Perpendicular alignment is ensured by maximizing the acoustic echoes.
Perpendicular energy divided by field strength is an adiabatic invariant.
Perpendicular impact leaves a droplet fairly uniform, as shown below.
Perpendicular lines are a little more complicated.
Perpendicular lines are lines that intersect at right angles.
Perpendicular lines cross at right angles.
Perpendicular lines have negative reciprocal slopes.
Perpendicular lines have slopes which are negative reciprocals.
Perpendicular lines intersect in a special way, forming right angles.
Perpendicular lines involves previous formulas like slope, distance and midpoint.
All perpendicular lines intersect.
Perpendicular snap is enabled only for line creation.
Perpendicular snaps are available on request prior to clicking the mouse.
Perpertual motion has a history.
Perpetration is crime
Perpetration is defined as a matter of intent.
A perpetrator is an offender
Perpetrator copies the html source code of a legitimate web pages without permission.
Perpetrator is an individual determined to have committed child abuse or neglect.
Perpetrator is arrested.
Perpetrator refers to a person who commits an act of domestic violence.
Perpetrators are likely to be unmarried, to live with their victims, and to be unemployed.
Perpetrators are most often uncles, followed by cousins, fathers, brothers and step-fathers.
Perpetrators are often judgment-proof.
Perpetrators are responsible for every act of violence that they commit.
Perpetrators are subject to arrest and prosecution.
Perpetrators are wrongdoers.
Perpetrators become the victims.
Perpetrators can attend batterers' intervention programs.
Perpetrators can be strangers, acquaintances, friends, or family members.
Perpetrators can be subject to both substantial civil fines and criminal prosecution.
Perpetrators can be the same or opposite sex.
Perpetrators choose violence and are accountable for their decision.
Perpetrators come from all socio-economic levels, religions, and ethnic backgrounds.
Perpetrators come from any socio economies class, profession, race or religion.
Perpetrators devise new schemes or tweak old schemes every day.
Perpetrators fear the slightest hint of independence on the part of their partners.
Perpetrators feel entitled to act violently.
Perpetrators has two functions.
Perpetrators have deviant sexual fantasies about their victims.
Perpetrators have incredible power over victims.
Perpetrators have plans for their victims, and it doesn t stop at the assault.
Perpetrators have the power of domination.
Perpetrators have to be regarded as alleged perpetrators until they are convicted by a court.
Perpetrators Help seekers .
Perpetrators know all the best spots.
Perpetrators know they have gone beyond what is acceptable.
Perpetrators learn that they can achieve what they want through the use of force.
Perpetrators operate from a different reality.
Perpetrators risk dishonor from professional colleagues who understand the law.
Perpetrators turn up in court time and again and often suffer from alcohol and other drug abuse.
Perpetrators urinate repeatedly on a car with pro-GLBT bumper stickers.
Perpetrators use telemarketing scams to trick consumers into revealing personal information.
Perpetrators frequently can control themselves in other situations.
Perpetrators often attempt to maintain complete control over a women's life.
Perpetrators often give themselves away.
Perpetrators often have legal access to the victim's assets.
Perpetrators often isolate their victim from family and friends to conceal the abuse.
Perpetrators often leave a series of clues.
Perpetrators often strike when they believe that their partner is going to leave.
Perpetrators sometimes claim drug and alcohol use as an excuse for having been violent.
Many perpetrators are repeat offenders.
Many perpetrators completely control the couple s finances.
Many perpetrators inadvertently injure children when abusing their female partners.
Most perpetrators are either zealots or poorly informed, but some are pure frauds.
Most perpetrators are hard to detect.
Most perpetrators know their victims and plan their attack.
Some perpetrators abuse drugs or alcohol.
Some perpetrators are avowed charlatans, far more are sincere but self-deluded.
Some perpetrators deliberately drink alcoholic beverages to justify or excuse rape.
Some perpetrators fraudulently report their vehicle stolen in an attempt to collect insurance money.
Some perpetrators have alcohol or substance abuse problems.
Some perpetrators use telemarketing scams to trick consumers into revealing personal data.
Perpetual alteration is the essence of the perceptual universe.
Perpetual block is a draw.
Perpetual bonds make steady interest payments.
A perpetual calendar is a calendar
Perpetual calendars handmade from pine.
Perpetual care comes with the purchase of the site.
Perpetual care is included in the purchase price of the lot.
Perpetual care is included.
Perpetual care is now available.
Perpetual care means very little - an occasional mowing, no repairs.
Perpetual change is just as difficult to live with as perpetual unchange.
Perpetual check Occurs when a player checks the preceding player in unending succession.
Perpetual coldness is thy whim, And hardness is thy synonym.
Perpetual easements are, well, they are forever.
Perpetual exposition does.
Perpetual indecision makes life about as enjoyable as a plate of cold french fries.
Perpetual inventory is maintained.
Perpetual licenses allow the software to be used indefinitely.
Perpetual life comes from spare parts of living flesh.
Perpetual members can choose to make four equal installments over a one year period.
Perpetual motion exists in one sense.
Perpetual motion is impossible and there are no free lunches.
Perpetual motion is motion
Perpetual opportunities exist for additional musicants.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
Perpetual optimism is a force-multiplier.
Perpetual peace is a futile dream.
Perpetual planning is the happy middle ground.
Perpetual principals govern success on or offline.
Perpetual searches are available on a fee basis.
Perpetual snow is confined to small patches.
Perpetual snowfall decorates the canyons and tall peaks.
Perpetual sunshine produces a desert.
Perpetual testing continues to validate the correctness of the software, even after fielding.
Perpetual testing is necessarily incremental.
All perpetual trophies are to be distributed to the appropriate team at the Annual Meeting.
Perpetual vows are life long and made at the end of the fifth year.
Perpetuated problems generate the desire for a change of system.
A perpetuity is permanence
Perpetuity is a long time.
A perphenazine is tranquilizer
Perphenazine is an antipsychotic agent used for anxiety and agitation.
Perphenazine is in a class of drugs called phenothiazines.
Perphenazine is used to treat psychotic disorders and nausea and vomiting.
Perphenazines are drugs.
Perphenazines are phenothiazines.
Perphenazines are piperazines.
Perplexity beats despair any time.
Perplexity is confusion
Perplexity is confusion.
Perplexity is defined as .
Perplexity is the beginning of knowledge.
Many perplexities arise from the assumption that a image can be mental.
A perquisite is a right
Perquisites are taxable in the hands of the employee.
Perquisites vary from country to country.
Perry County has a new coroner.
Perry County has an unmatched work force.
Perry County is a rural county with agricultural roots in dairy and poultry production.
Perry County is also well populated with dentists, optometrists, a podiatrist, and chiropractors.
Perry County is an untapped market to the business community - full of possibilities.
Perry County is located in the mountainous coalfields of southeastern Kentucky.
Perry County needs a change for the better.
Perry Lake is used for flood control, recreation, and public-water supply.
Perry Lake offers many scenic areas for public use.
Persecution also continues under communism.
Persecution becomes inevitable, inescapable.
Persecution brings rejoicing because it places in the company of the apostles and prophets.
Persecution can also appear in many other forms.
Persecution can be that overt, or it can be more subtle.
Persecution can blow our faith out of the water.
Persecution can continue even in the United States.
Persecution can go the other way, too.
Persecution can have harmful effects on the church.
Persecution can vary greatly from region to region in large countries.
Persecution certainly has a purifying effect.
Persecution certainly is an unnatural trial artificially and externally imposed upon a person.
Persecution comes with the blessings.
Persecution continues even today.
Persecution continues to be the general rule.
Persecution follows on the heels of ignorance and mistrust.
Persecution has a natural way of clarifying where people stand in belief and commitment.
Persecution has many forms.
Persecution has more to do with renegades, militants and dictators than with doctrine.
Persecution humbles a person very quickly.
Persecution is a deed of the flesh.
Persecution is a part of the experience of minorities.
Persecution is a political, social, material state.
Persecution is a process for maturity.
Persecution is a recognized basis for asylum.
Persecution is a strange thing.
Persecution is abuse
Persecution is an everyday reality.
Persecution is another method to inherit that which is the enemy's.
Persecution is bad, check.
Persecution is common at the local level and in everyday life.
Persecution is counted a blessing.
Persecution is easy to recognise, false teachers are more difficult to spot.
Persecution is endured by many in the name of religious rights.
Persecution is evil.
Persecution is extensive, but there are also rays of hope.
Persecution is followed by plunders, violations and robberies.
Persecution is grounded in discrimination.
Persecution is inevitable in Christian life.
Persecution is like a lion.
Persecution is like pouring gasoline on a fire.
Persecution is merely a fact of Christian life.
Persecution is much more likely to make men hypocrites than sincere converts .
Persecution is much the same way.
Persecution is never pleasant.
Persecution is no less possible today, they argue.
Persecution is one of the most vicious of all crimes against humanity.
Persecution is one of the universal results of manifested power.
Persecution is only the one side of the coin.
Persecution is present when there is any form of domestic abuse being perpetrated.
Persecution is the badge of authenticity.
Persecution is the condition for restoration.
Persecution is the experience of self-negation based on idealization.
Persecution is the harassment of a faith or race with ill-treatment.
Persecution is the medicine of indemnity which cleanses our mind and body.
Persecution is the shortcut to unity, therefore a man of principle goes the way of persecution.
Persecution is widespread, especially against ethnic minority believers.
Persecution is worse than killing.
Persecution occurs at the whim of the government.
Persecution paves the road to that promised peace.
Persecution proves and strengthens our patience and endurance.
Persecution seems to have been common.
Persecution seems to pass through three phases .
Persecution stems from the spirit of antichrist.
Persecution still exists.
Persecution tends to produce much mischief and confusion in the world .
Persecutions come with the blessing.
Persecutions test the church.
Persecution usually stands in the wings.
Some persecution exists, mostly when the women gets pregnant.
A persecutor is an oppressor
Persecutors can be individuals or institutions.
Persecutors shift responsibility by blaming others for their misery.
All persecutors think they have good reasons to persecute.
A perseverance is continuation
Perseverance also is needed.
Perseverance brings danger.
Perseverance brings good be conscious of danger brings good further.
Perseverance brings good fortune and success.
Perseverance brings good fortune To the wanderer.
Perseverance brings good fortune.
Perseverance brings misfortune.
Perseverance brings positive changes.
Perseverance can become a model that dispels fatalism.
Perseverance can often be futile.
Perseverance can only come from within each individual.
Perseverance comes out of our faculty surveys.
Perseverance continues to be an essential ingredient too.
Perseverance deserves recognition and respect.
Perseverance does pay off.
Perseverance does pay.
Perseverance equals success.
Perseverance fulfills the life of the one that hopes.
Perseverance gives proof of genuine faith, and is sure of reward.
Perseverance helps as well to show the wearer's motivation.
Perseverance holds the key.
Perseverance implies opposition.
Perseverance is a characteristic much lacking in Christianity today.
Perseverance is a factor for success.
Perseverance is a good trait to have.
Perseverance is a great element of success.
Perseverance is a great grace.
Perseverance is a key issue.
Perseverance is a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
Perseverance is a powerful tool.
Perseverance is a quality most often admired in leaders.
Perseverance is a shield which protects the dream of the people.
Perseverance is a sign of true salvation and spiritual ministry.
Perseverance is a trait that has served many well.
Perseverance is a very big part of writing.
Perseverance is a vital characteristic to give our children.
Perseverance is also a factor.
Perseverance is also key.
Perseverance is an absolute requirment.
Perseverance is an essential condition.
Perseverance is an important part of problem solving, and it is very difficult to teach.
Perseverance is another condition of receiving.
Perseverance is another cooperative social virtue.
Perseverance is another essential ingredient.
Perseverance is another.
Perseverance is at the top of the list.
Perseverance is beneficial.
Perseverance is by faith alone just as salvation by faith alone.
Perseverance is by faith alone just as salvation is by faith alone.
Perseverance is diligence under opposition.
Perseverance is essential.
Perseverance is favorable.
Perseverance is gateway to winning.
Perseverance is highly respected.
Perseverance is important.
Perseverance is inspired by a real moment of doubt and determination.
Perseverance is key in all sports.
Perseverance is key to academic success.
Perseverance is key.
Perseverance is king.
Perseverance is more important than talent, education, genius and intelligence.
Perseverance is necessary, right to the end.
Perseverance is no less important a feature.
Perseverance is often a necessary and important value.
Perseverance is one of the seven laws of success.
Perseverance is produced by faith.
Perseverance is required.
Perseverance is rewarded in the marketplace.
Perseverance is rewarding though and trying is the first step.
Perseverance is the ability to endure, to suffer as a people without ever giving up hope.
Perseverance is the answer, it really is worth it.
Perseverance is the character trait of the month.
Perseverance is the difference between success and defeat .
Perseverance is the key to achievement in life.
Perseverance is the key to endangered species recovery.
Perseverance is the key to final victory.
Perseverance is the key to getting publicity.
Perseverance is the key to results.
Perseverance is the key to success.
Perseverance is the key when it comes to getting recognition on the Net.
Perseverance is the key word.
Perseverance is the key.
Perseverance is the keyword at the end of the month, Virgo.
Perseverance is the mortar in the foundation of all character.
Perseverance is the most important quality of the forester.
Perseverance is the operational word.
Perseverance is three quarters of the game.
Perseverance kills the game.
Perseverance leads to cloned pig in Japan.
Perseverance leads to humiliation.
Perseverance leads to success.
Perseverance make the learning of new songs a long-term program.
Perseverance makes all the difference.
Perseverance makes the difference between failure and success.
Perseverance means hanging in there.
Perseverance means they never gave up.
Perseverance means to continue in spite of difficulties.
Perseverance means trying again.
Perseverance Pays Getting funding can be difficult in today's environment of fierce competition.
Perseverance pays off .
Perseverance pays off as they encounter their inner treasures.
Perseverance pays off in the end.
Perseverance pays off.
Perseverance pays, to a point.
Perseverance produces character.
Perseverance really does pay off.
Perseverance requires discipline.
Perseverance simply means a willingness to invest the time and energy to get the job done.
Perseverance then leads to character and that proven character gives rise to hope.
Perseverance truly pays off The ultimate guide to London's best restaurants.
Perseverance wins out in the end.
Perseverance wins the race.
Perseverance works and having all of the information is very helpful.
Perseverance works everywhere.
Perseverances are continuance.
Perseverance always gives birth to hope.
Perseverance always wins out in the end.
Perseverance always wins.
Perseverance often brings rewards.
Perseverance sometimes pays off.
Perseveration Describes an inappropriate repetition of some behaviour or thought or speech.
Perseveration is a tendency
Perseveration is inclination.
Perseveration is one of the reasons for poor job performance in the frontal lobe syndrome patient.
Perseveration is rapid loose content spoken in pressured speech.
Perseveration is sometimes a feature of frontal lobe lesions.
Perseveration is the inappropriate repetition of a behavior or thought.
Perseverative assimilation See assimilation .
Persian asses live in flat desert regions and surrounding foothills.
Persian buttercups grow from bulbs.
Most persian buttercups grow from bulbs.
Persian cats are cats.
Persian cats are domestic cats.
Persian cats are known to inherit a disorder called idiopathic seborrhea.
Persian cats are the most luxurious cats in the world.
Persian cats is the chief industry of Persia, hence the word purr.
Persian cats require regular daily grooming to keep their beautiful coats from tangling and matting.
Some persian cats require vitamins.
Persian clover can grow on a wide range of soils but does better on fertile heavy moist clays.
Persian clover is a nutritious forage, rich in protein and minerals.
Some persian clover grows on ranges.
Persian constitutionalists prevail.
Every Persian cook has a variation of the salad and how or when to eat it.
Persian cuisine is a relatively new taste to American palates.
Persian cuisine is more than the mere juxtaposition of ingredients.
Persian cuisine uses chives and garlic chives lavishly in herb salads, meat sauces and soups.
Persian desserts are, on the whole, intensely sweet and highly perfumed.
Persian food is one of the world's great old cuisines, handed down from one generation to another.
Persian food is somewhere between Lebanese food and the food of India.
Persian food requires multi-layered preparation.
Persian foods use unique spicing.
Persian grammar is introduced through sentence patterns in the form of dialogues and monologues.
Persian green is a color used in Persian pottery and Persian carpets in Iran .
Persian jirds are very peaceful, fights almost never occur.
Persian kittens are regularly on sale, the breed of choice for wealthy Thais, and an exotic novelty.
Persian kittens are very rare in rescue.
Persian language is soft and expressive.
Persian limes continue steady Persian lime supplies continue steady out of Mexico.
Persian literature is perhaps the most underestimated in the English-speaking world.
Persian men are different from each other.
Persian melons are larger than cantaloupes with dark green rinds covered with fine netting.
Persian melons have flesh.
Persian melons have orange flesh.
Most persian melons have flesh.
Most persian melons have orange flesh.
Persian myths tell of giants and demons that corrupted the earth, and allied themselves with women.
Persian ornament is usually distinguishable from that of other Islamic countries.
Persian passion woven with gypsy magic becomes the tie that binds our central characters together.
Persian poets express their creativity in different forms and styles.
Persian poetry is very rich on the subject.
Persian policy is expansionist.
Persian records mention the practice of keeping water in silver vessels.
Persian rice is different from American rice since it is boiled and then steamed.
Persian rugs double as wall hangings and acoustic reinforcements.
Persian rugs vary in design and color depending on what region they come from.
Persian shield is a complementary companion of low-growing peacock gingers and pentas.
Persian shield likes water, but it needs a well-draining soil.
All Persian speakers interested in discussing Persian literature are welcome.
All Persian speakers interested in sharing Persian poetry are welcome.
Persian tiles have a long history and here they are used to record some of that very history.
Persian translation is necessary.
Persian verbs are normally compounds consisting of a noun and a verb.
Persian Walnuts Click a category to transfer to another section of the library.
Persian wheat is of spring habit, early maturing, and somewhat resistant to fungus diseases.
Persian women begin to learn to dance when they are small girls.
Persian has (part) arms.
Persian has (part) body substances.
Persian has (part) cell membranes.
Persian has (part) cells.
Persian has (part) corpi.
Persian has (part) cytoplasm.
Persian has (part) heads.
Persian has (part) human bodies.
Persian has (part) legs.
Persian has (part) material bodies.
Persian has (part) necks.
Persian has (part) nuclei.
Persian has (part) personality.
Persian has (part) plasma membranes.
Persian has (part) sections.
Persian has (part) vacuoles.
Persian isa Asian.
Persian isa Asiatic.
A persimmon is a berry
Persimmons also contain potassium and calcium, minerals that can help control blood pressure.
Persimmons also make an excellent dried fruit.
Persimmons are a good source of vitamin A, contain a very small trace of fat and no cholesterol.
Persimmons are a preferred food during autumn, and other wild fruits are eaten when available.
Persimmons are beautiful, much like flowers and sunsets are.
Persimmons are berries.
Persimmons are fruit trees.
Persimmons are native to the orient, as well as the United States, depending on the type.
Persimmons are one of the easiest fruit trees to grow.
Persimmons are plants.
Persimmons are ripe when slightly soft and give slightly when gently squeezed.
Persimmons are small, easy to grow trees which are adapted to most of Texas.
Persimmons bloom late, usually escaping spring frosts.
Persimmons can have a few seeds or be seedless.
Persimmons continue to ripen after they are picked off the tree.
Persimmons have a tip-bearing growth habit which requires careful management.
Persimmons is ripe with great songs and thoughtful performances. . . .
Persimmons reach their full color while still hard.
Persimmons represent prosperity.
Persist mode fixes.
Persistant acne is a gentle warning by the bodymind that the hormonal balance is being stressed.
Persistence hunting is believed to have been one of the earliest hunting strategies used by humans.
Persistence of vision creates a complete image, apparently materializing the words in space.
Persistence of vision is a stroboscopic effect.
Persistence of vision makes the screen appear to be filled with picture.
Persistence of vision refers to a. a filmmaker's desire to have people see a film several times.
Persistence accelerates the development and deployment of high-performance distributed systems.
Persistence alone is omnipotent.
Persistence also can pay off.
Persistence also helps.
Persistence also improves reliability.
Persistence also pays off.
Persistence beats resistance.
Persistence becomes a trait.
Persistence breeds success in our capricious business.
Persistence brings success.
Persistence builds momentum.
Persistence can pay off here.
Persistence can pay off.
Persistence can vary greatly from soil to soil.
Persistence can yield dividends.
Persistence captures active sessions for later use.
Persistence certainly pays off.
Persistence comes through reachability.
Persistence creates new opportunities for the author.
Persistence depends on the continuing viability of the process.
Persistence depends upon many factors including degree of algae and weed infestation.
Persistence describes how long the herbicides remain active after application.
Persistence does pay off.
Persistence does produce results .
Persistence forms the infrastructure of a business organization's information assets.
Persistence generally leads to results.
Persistence gets results.
Persistence has a way of paying off.
Persistence has it's rewards.
Persistence has nothing to do with the law.
Persistence has to be tempered with judgement.
Persistence implies that the bytes have a meaning that extends in time.
Persistence includes continued visits and help in some of our target areas.
Persistence is . . .
Persistence is a big one.
Persistence is a byproduct of passion.
Persistence is a characteristic of true biblical faith.
Persistence is a consistent theme that weaves through the various volunteer programs and groups.
Persistence is a form of mental illness.
Persistence is a key idea here.
Persistence is a key to effective leadership.
Persistence is a key to getting a job at a top school.
Persistence is a measure of students continuing or graduating.
Persistence is a measure of the length of time the chemical remains active in the soil.
Persistence is a necessary trait for a farmer.
Persistence is a pit bull.
Persistence is a plus with many employers.
Persistence is a required quality for distance learners.
Persistence is a state of mind.
Persistence is a stochastic phenomena.
Persistence is a valuable quality for e-learners, too.
Persistence is a virtue.
Persistence is achieved through cookies.
Persistence is all-important in gaining interest and eventually support for any program.
Persistence is almost more important than talent.
Persistence is also a specific computer term.
Persistence is also important because no one accomplishes everything on the first try.
Persistence is also just as important.
Persistence is also key for chemical control of Canada thistle.
Persistence is also key, and sometimes it is a matter of being in the right place at the right time.
Persistence is always a key to victory in any calling.
Persistence is an essential attribute of entity beans.
Persistence is an important negative criterion in the ecological assessment of chemicals.
Persistence is an important often neglected aspect of prayer.
Persistence is an important, interesting, and extensible part of the process.
Persistence is another quality that educators learn quite early.
Persistence is another quality that military personnel learn early in their profession.
Persistence is another.
Persistence is at the heart of the matter.
Persistence is automatic.
Persistence is based on a consideration of all environmental media.
Persistence is bold.
Persistence is by reachability.
Persistence is certainly a factor.
Persistence is certainly part of it.
Persistence is diagnosed by otoscopy or pneumotoscopy.
Persistence is difficult, and it's easy to become discouraged and quit.
Persistence is durability
Persistence is enabled by default.
Persistence is essential to a networker s success.
Persistence is essential.
Persistence is essentially adaptation.
Persistence is everything.
Persistence is extremely important in starting and growing a company.
Persistence is fearless.
Persistence is futile.
Persistence is golden.
Persistence is good, smothering is bad.
Persistence is good.
Persistence is greater in heavy, clayey or organic soil than in sandy soil.
Persistence is greatest at low temperatures and high levels of organic matter.
Persistence is greatest in sandy soils with low organic matter.
Persistence is imperative to gain control.
Persistence is implemented as a behavior .
Persistence is important to a good turkey hunter.
Persistence is important, too.
Persistence is important.
Persistence is in a military aircraft hangar somewhere in South America.
Persistence is key here.
Persistence is key in continuous improvement.
Persistence is key to brining in new business, so hang in there.
Persistence is key to success in killing a sturdy plant like privet.
Persistence is key, and sometimes it is a matter of being in the right place at the right time.
Persistence is key.
Persistence is learned in an atmosphere of excitement as opposed to a judgmental environment.
Persistence is learned.
Persistence is measured by half-life.
Persistence is measured the third year.
Persistence is more common in infections of the upper urinary tract.
Persistence is more critical to success than is talent.
Persistence is more important than a few labor-intensive flashy meetings.
Persistence is more important than talent.
Persistence is more likely with dominant as opposed to recessive inheritance.
Persistence is most important.
Persistence is much the same way.
Persistence is necessary.
Persistence is needed to overcome problems and set-backs.
Persistence is needed to reach the desired goal.
Persistence is needed when dealing with roaches because of their biology.
Persistence is of the essence.
Persistence is often a requirement for some aspects of bird-watching.
Persistence is omnipotent.
Persistence is one of the key virtues in selling success.
Persistence is one of the most key elements of success.
Persistence is one reason.
Persistence is particularly important in applying for external funding.
Persistence is power in marketing and sales.
Persistence is probably the area with the biggest payoff.
Persistence is realized by an object-relational mapping.
Persistence is related to delivery means, weather, vegetation, humidity, and other factors.
Persistence is required of the user and the reference librarian.
Persistence is required to establish a diagnosis.
Persistence is required.
Persistence is rewarded.
Persistence is seen when plants are rich in lipid content.
Persistence is seventy five percent of what it takes to be a published writer.
Persistence is shown by the dashed curve in each panel.
Persistence is so important.
Persistence is sparked by emotion.
Persistence is technical and wields the grain of enlargement.
Persistence is the answer in trying to control snails.
Persistence is the answer.
Persistence is the best answer.
Persistence is the best weapon against pneumonia.
Persistence is the better part of valor.
Persistence is the biggest thing.
Persistence is the engine of good art, as well as good science.
Persistence is the fuel which keeps the engine chugging up the hill.
Persistence is the fundamental component in both training for a marathon, and succeeding in college.
Persistence is the hallmark of a successful mushroomer.
Persistence is the key for success.
Persistence is the key here, and in so much else of life.
Persistence is the key ingredient for success.
Persistence is the key to a lot of things in life.
Persistence is the key to a successful Canada thistle control program.
Persistence is the key to anything.
Persistence is the key to cracking the hidden job market.
Persistence is the key to effective information gathering and pinning.
Persistence is the key to good communication.
Persistence is the key to Internet marketing success.
Persistence is the key to sales.
Persistence is the key to success in any case.
Persistence is the key to success.
Persistence is the key to that reinforcement.
Persistence is the key to unanswered prayers.
Persistence is the key when calling to schedule meetings.
Persistence is the key word in the above story, and the magic key to success in any endeavor.
Persistence is the key.
Persistence is the lasting power of a pesticide.
Persistence is the magic key to success in any endeavor.
Persistence is the most important factor in obtaining a grant.
Persistence is the most important key to succeeding on the web.
Persistence is the most important requirement for success.
Persistence is the mother of success.
Persistence is the name of the game here.
Persistence is the name of the game in finding the right job.
Persistence is the name of the game.
Persistence is the notion of activity versus passivity.
Persistence is the number of students who have completed or are still enrolled.
Persistence is the only requirement for the program to work.
Persistence is the password to success.
Persistence is the real key to success.
Persistence is the single characteristic found universally among all successful entrepreneurs.
Persistence is the storage part that requires the serialization.
Persistence is the strength of the weak.
Persistence is the tool that turns a job into productive work.
Persistence is the twin sister of excellence.
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.
Persistence is to the character of man what carbon is to steel.
Persistence is type orthogonal.
Persistence is usually the rule when treating sago palm scale.
Persistence is utile.
Persistence is very impressive to the admissions committee.
Persistence is visual with Phabulous alfalfa stands.
Persistence is vital, talent without persistence means nothing.
Persistence is vital.
Persistence is what bureaucracy inevitably substitutes for brains.
Persistence is what most patient advocates prescribe to overturn a denial.
Persistence is worth more than force.
Persistence is, in fact, the yeast of prayer.
Persistence leads to prosperity.
Persistence makes a difference.
Persistence makes good reporters.
Persistence means giving something enough time to work.
Persistence means that the object exists beyond the lifetime of the application.
Persistence offers a suite of products that can support the most demanding e-commerce transactions.
Persistence only antagonizes the persistee.
Persistence pays after all.
Persistence pays dividends.
Persistence Pays Off .
Persistence pays off and the reward is plenty of self-satisfaction.
Persistence pays off big dividends.
Persistence pays off for some job hunters, however.
Persistence pays off so keep on chunkin' and set the hook.
Persistence pays off with zeolite gem.
Persistence pays off, and ignorance does, too.
Persistence pays off, as with live networking.
Persistence pays off, it really does.
Persistence pays off, though.
Persistence pays off, too.
Persistence pays off.
Persistence Pays Off.
Persistence plans to link the console to major management systems in a future release.
Persistence predicts latency to relapse following inpatient treatment for alcohol dependence.
Persistence prevails when all else fails.
Persistence ranges from short to long and is greatly influenced by environmental conditions.
Persistence ranges from short to long.
Persistence refers to the amount of time a pesticide remains in the environment.
Persistence reflects how long the product remains active.
Persistence Refuse to settle for less.
Persistence reigns in the end.
Persistence represents the effort expended on a task over a period of time.
Persistence requires audiometry, tympanometry, and consideration for PE tubes.
Persistence requires great attention to the management of change.
Persistence seems to be the byword.
Persistence specializes in e-commerce solutions for large companies.
Persistence wins job offers.
Persistence wins out.
Persistence wins the convert to any cause.
Persistence works Nothing succeeds like persistence.
Persistence always pays off.
Persistence frequently is even more important for career success than talent or special skills.
Persistence often pays off with results.
Persistence often pays off.
Persistence sometimes wins out in the end.
Persistence usually decreases over sexual generations for other traits.
Persistence usually pays off with positive results.
Persistence usually pays off.
Persistent abdominal symptoms follow infection.
Persistent acne is severe and leaves scars.
Persistent action generates potent pressure and has produced thousands of releases.
Persistent advances can constitute sexual harassment.
Persistent agents continue to present a hazard for some quite considerabley long time.
Some persistent alteration leads to extinction.
Some persistent alteration leads to local extinction.
Persistent anxiety can produce a variety of emotional and physical symptoms.
Persistent anxiety is a treatable medical condition.
Persistent asthma occurs more than twice a week.
Persistent authentication objects that serve as the representation for users in a trust domain.
Persistent callers can still reach a modem, because a few of the lines are working.
Persistent carriers are common and continue the cycle of infection in the population.
Persistent chemicals cause effects.
Persistent chemicals take a long time to degrade.
Most persistent chemicals cause effects.
Persistent classes contain attributes, which represent the basic element of persistent storage.
Persistent coma is called vegetative state.
Persistent condensation indicates excessive humidity.
Persistent conflict is the other major factor stalling African progress.
Persistent conflict occurs over values or strategy.
Persistent conflicts create enduring dilemmas.
Persistent connections can be most effective when used in conjunction with parallel connections.
Persistent connections do seem to help when there is more packet loss.
Persistent connections offer some advantages over parallel connections.
Persistent connections reduce network bandwidth and processing time.
Persistent connections speed response times and reduce network traffic.
Persistent conversation differs from spoken conversation in interesting ways.
Persistent cookies are pieces of computer code planted on a user s computer by a Web site.
Persistent cookies are pieces of computer codeplaced on an Internet user's computer by a Web site.
Persistent cookies have an expiration date in the future.
Persistent cookies remain on a user's computer for a long period of time.
Persistent cookies are more permanent.
Persistent cookies are pieces of computer code placed on an Internet user s computer by a Web site.
Persistent cookies expire on a specific set date and session cookies end when the session is ended.
Persistent cookies have an expiration date in the future.
Persistent criminals are to face tougher punishments under proposed new laws.
Any persistent data is in objects passed as a parameter.
Persistent devotion can soften even the hard-hearted.
Persistent diarrhea can be a problem.
Persistent diarrhea causes dehydration.
Most persistent diarrhea causes dehydration.
Persistent discrimination continues to suppress women's wages and job opportunities.
Persistent disks behave exactly like conventional disk drives on a computer.
Persistent effort is the main determinant of success.
Persistent fever is common with liver involvement.
Persistent fever suggests complicating pneumonia.
Persistent headaches can make one prone to migraines and thus rest is mandatory.
Persistent headaches can mean something more serious.
Persistent hoarseness is the most common symptom.
Persistent imbalance leads in turn to deformity, determined by the action of the stronger muscle.
Persistent incontinence comes on gradually over time.
Persistent infection is usually because of failure to treat the partner.
Persistent infection lasts for life.
Persistent infection shows symptoms.
Persistent infections are more likely to be caused by Actinomyces pyogenes .
Persistent infections result when the immune system is unable to completely eradicate an infection.
Most persistent infection shows symptoms.
Persistent inflation is always a monetary phenomenon.
Persistent insomnia comes on early and frequently recurring, one-sided headache often goes with it.
Persistent jaundice is associated with a poor outcome, reflecting the underlying disease process.
Persistent lactation is the most worrisome complication.
Persistent laterals are side branches on a shoot that mature as shoots and become canes.
Persistent lesions require biopsies for verification of malignancy.
Persistent messages are of most interest to durable subscribers.
Persistent misbehavior can lead to expulsion or other disciplinary action.
Persistent nausea is one of the main warning signs of cancer .
Persistent objects can become garbage just as easy as transient objects.
Persistent offenders are guilty of a class B felony.
Many persistent offenders have a lifestyle which includes alcohol misuse.
Persistent ones go in the yearn urn.
Persistent organic pollutants find in pesticide.
Persistent oversupply is also a reflection of vested interests and political influences.
Persistent overworking can cause it to enlarge.
Persistent pain can be extremely debilitating.
Persistent pain inhibits contralateral somatosensory cortical activity in humans.
Persistent pain is the most prominent symptom.
Persistent pain is the primary indication for a repeat repair.
Persistent pain means it is continuous and present most of the time.
Persistent pain takes a toll physically, emotionally and financially.
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure.
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failures.
Persistent pessimism is a symptom of the disease.
Persistent pesticides stay in the environment for long periods of time before disappearing.
Most persistent pesticides have very limited usage or have been removed from the market.
Some persistent pesticides can build up in the bodies of animals, including man.
Persistent pollutants can spread throughout the environment through the use of technology.
Persistent pollutants face global ban.
Persistent pollutants find in pesticide.
Most persistent pollutants find in pesticide.
Some persistent pollutants build up in the fatty tissue of plants, animals, and humans.
Persistent poverty is unworthy of our nation's promise.
Persistent poverty remains.
Persistent practice is the only way to develop physically and mentally.
Persistent prayer knocks out despair.
Persistent prayer takes faith, commitment, and effort.
Persistent problems can get a commander transferred.
Any persistent problem deserves Medical attention.
More persistent problems can have acute episodes that require more frequent dosages.
Persistent progress requires persistent effort.
Persistent proteinuria can be glomerular or tubulointerstitial in origin.
Persistent queries enable continuous visual monitoring of the state of a distributed computation.
More persistent questions evoke defensive responses.
Persistent redundancy clouds the message and distracts the reader.
Persistent redundancy distracts the reader.
Persistent reflux leads to chronic reflux esophagitis.
Persistent regurgitation can cause several problems.
Persistent rhizomes make mugwort difficult to control in perennial crops.
Persistent roots help it become quickly established.
Persistent rumors have Guei making an attempted comeback.
Persistent sessions are especially important for e-commerce applications.
Persistent settings remain when the daemon is restarted.
Persistent Sinners Is.
Persistent slumps occur when, for some reason, the economy falls into an inferior equilibrium.
Persistent smokers have a one in two chance of eventually being killed by cigarettes.
Persistent smoking increases the risk of a hip fracture by about half.
Persistent stores exist for sequential programs on medium-scale processors and file systems.
Some persistent substances derive from oxidation.
Persistent surplus requires some mechanism to remove the excess supplies from the market.
Persistent symptoms are rare in fully compliant patients.
Persistent symptoms can indicate disease in the digestive tract or other body parts.
Persistent symptoms deserve further evaluation.
Persistent symptoms follow infection.
Persistent symptoms necessitate an examination by a physician.
Persistent symptoms raise concern about a meniscus tear.
Persistent thoughts prevent sleep.
Persistent tiger poaching for illegal trade compounds the pressure on the cats.
Persistent trains are also very prominent and long lasting for meteors that produced meteorites.
Persistent trains last long enough to enable telescopic studies of the path of a meteor.
Persistent trillium is a perennial that grows from a rhizome.
Persistent vertigo can interfere with driving and can be a source of irritation at work and home.
Persistent violators are subject to the loss of library privileges.
Persistent viruses interact with the immune system.
Persistent volatility is a time bomb.
Persistent vomiting can lead to dehydration .
Persistent weakness exacerbated by exercise is the primary characteristic of myasthenia gravis .
Persistent wind packs the snow down much more tightly, and big snow drifts build up.
Persistent winds sweep the island year round, driven by the desert heat on the adjacent peninsula.
Persistent worlds are the backbone of multi-user spaces.
PersistX solutions are easy to create, deploy and manage.
Every person case is different, but find something.
Person County has a policy that outlines the various types of homework and how it is to be used.
Person finder Looks a bit out of date.
Person narrators advance knowledge.
People of color is people.
Person of color is a person
Persons of color are more likely to be poor than their white counterparts.
Persons of color are over represented within many of the departments service systems.
Persons of color are present in nearly every formerly all-white enclave in America.
A person is a cause
A person is an organism
People accept reality.
People achieve comfort.
People achieve unity.
People acquire chances.
People acquire contact.
People acquire immunodeficiency.
People acquire interest.
People acquire knowledge.
People act as representatives.
People adopt diets.
People adopt vegetarian diets.
People apply breathe techniques.
People apply forces.
People apply techniques.
People apply tension forces.
People apply upward forces.
People apply various techniques.
People are affected by diseases.
People are alcoholics.
People are bad drivers.
People are bad tempereds.
People are bazaar.
People are betters.
People are bisexuals.
People are bitten by bats.
People are blinds.
People are blond.
People are brunettes.
People are bullies.
People are bus drivers.
People are business executives.
People are calculators.
People are capable of attempt suicide.
People are capable of babies.
People are capable of bites.
People are capable of blinks.
People are capable of breathes.
People are capable of can vegetables.
People are capable of cast shadows.
People are capable of chokes.
People are capable of coding.
People are capable of complete sentences.
People are capable of converse.
People are capable of cook food.
People are capable of counts.
People are capable of crowd elevators.
People are capable of dances.
People are capable of eats.
People are capable of fish fish.
People are capable of fish lakes.
People are capable of friends.
People are capable of further education.
People are capable of gays.
People are capable of hands.
People are capable of holdings.
People are capable of judges.
People are capable of jumps.
People are capable of kayaks.
People are capable of laughs.
People are capable of leaps.
People are capable of lies.
People are capable of lose keys.
People are capable of lower expectations.
People are capable of masters.
People are capable of meet makers.
People are capable of milk cows.
People are capable of open doors.
People are capable of pain.
People are capable of passengers.
People are capable of plans.
People are capable of plant trees.
People are capable of promise.
People are capable of race cars.
People are capable of rush jobs.
People are capable of sail boats.
People are capable of share knowledge.
People are capable of shouts.
People are capable of smoke marijuana.
People are capable of smoke pots.
People are capable of sneezes.
People are capable of speak language.
People are capable of speak words.
People are capable of speaks.
People are capable of spear fish.
People are capable of sprints.
People are capable of stands.
People are capable of taste.
People are capable of thinks.
People are capable of treks.
People are capable of wash dishs.
People are capable of washing dishs.
People are capable of water gardens.
People are capable of water plants.
People are caring.
People are celebrities.
People are chefs.
People are chemists.
People are christians.
People are clerks.
People are cold.
People are complex organisms.
People are complex systems.
People are computer programmers.
People are construction workers.
People are created by gods.
People are criminals.
People are dancing.
People are dark coloreds.
People are democrats.
People are drifters.
People are engaged in behavior.
People are engaged in target behavior.
People are entrepreneurs.
People are evil.
People are evolved from animals.
People are evolved from apes.
People are exercising.
People are fairs.
People are families.
People are fat.
People are firemans.
People are geologists.
People are good drivers.
People are good friends.
People are good pilots.
People are good.
People are grocers.
People are groups.
People are hairdressers.
People are hard working.
People are headaches.
People are human bodies.
People are humans.
People are hypocrites.
People are idiots.
People are individuals.
People are interior designers.
People are janitors.
People are jerks.
People are judges.
People are kinds.
People are laborers.
People are lawyers.
People are liars.
People are light coloreds.
People are located in apartments.
People are located in audiences.
People are located in bookstores.
People are located in buildings.
People are located in bus stops.
People are located in carnivals.
People are located in cities.
People are located in classrooms.
People are located in conferences.
People are located in confessions.
People are located in convention.
People are located in crowds.
People are located in demonstrations.
People are located in desks.
People are located in fairs.
People are located in fairy tales.
People are located in families.
People are located in football stadiums.
People are located in funerals.
People are located in garages.
People are located in ground.
People are located in hospitals.
People are located in malls.
People are located in national parks.
People are located in operas.
People are located in public places.
People are located in race tracks.
People are located in roadblock.
People are located in rooms.
People are located in rugs.
People are located in ships.
People are located in shops.
People are located in shows.
People are located in space shuttles.
People are located in state parks.
People are located in street corners.
People are located in supermarkets.
People are located in synagogues.
People are located in tanks.
People are located in theaters.
People are located in towns.
People are located in train stations.
People are located in universes.
People are located in vehicles.
People are located in war.
People are located in water fountains.
People are located in websites.
People are located in weddings.
People are located in zoos.
People are made of water.
People are magazines.
People are managers.
People are means.
People are messengers.
People are movie stars.
People are musicals.
People are neurotics.
People are night people.
People are normals.
People are organisms.
People are pagans.
People are parents.
People are part of humanity.
People are part of natural worlds.
People are part of nature.
People are part of preambles.
People are part of societies.
People are peacemakers.
People are people.
People are physicians.
People are podiatrists.
People are politicians.
People are professional athletes.
People are psychologists.
People are racists.
People are receptionists.
People are scientists.
People are secretaries.
People are self interesteds.
People are shorts.
People are smarts.
People are social workers.
People are specials.
People are stranges.
People are talls.
People are teachers.
People are telephone operators.
People are thins.
People are translators.
People are truck drivers.
People are used for exploitation.
People are used for friends.
People are used for help.
People are used for holdings.
People are used for humanity.
People are used for labor.
People are used for lovings.
People are used for play.
People are used for populations.
People are used for social interaction.
People are used for talk.
People are used for teachs.
People are used for work.
People are used for worship.
People are veterinarians.
People assist in procedures.
People assist in roles.
People assist in support roles.
People assume multiple roles.
People assume roles.
People attain average height.
People attain height.
People avoid intestinal problems.
People avoid problems.
People bear burdens.
People bear entire burdens.
People become experts.
People become users.
People board trains.
People bring comfort.
People bring skills.
People buy chickens.
People buy fish.
People buy mammals.
People buy products.
People buy turkeys.
People can have descendants.
People can have experience.
People can have symptoms.
People care for babies.
People carry cysts.
People carry weight.
People cause a desire to cries.
People cause accidents.
People cause fatal accidents.
People change diets.
People change jobs.
People change locations.
People choose battles.
People collect information.
People come from tradition.
People come in contact.
People come into offices.
People come out of bathrooms.
People come through doors.
People come to conclusions.
People come to unhappy conclusions.
People compare unicorns.
People complete duties.
People conduct analyses.
People conduct business.
People conduct chemical analyses.
People consider food.
People consult care doctors.
People consult doctors.
People consult physicians.
People consult primary care doctors.
People consume amounts.
People consume calories.
People consume diets.
People consume enough calories.
People consume food.
People consume juice.
People consume sodium diets.
People consume water.
People contract diseases.
People contribute to accidents.
People contribute to decisions.
People contribute to final decisions.
People control animals.
People crave sugar.
People create disturbances.
People create documents.
People create initial disturbances.
People create will.
People deal with death.
People declare interest.
People depend on animals.
People depend on functions.
People depend on utility functions.
People derive from ancestors.
People descend from animals.
People descend from apes.
People deserve rights.
People desire accurate results.
People desire acknowledgement.
People desire acknowledgment.
People desire addeds.
People desire admiration.
People desire adoration.
People desire advantage.
People desire affluence.
People desire agreement.
People desire air.
People desire ambitions.
People desire american dreams.
People desire answers.
People desire antiques.
People desire applause.
People desire art.
People desire autonomy.
People desire back rubs.
People desire bagels.
People desire bargains.
People desire basic necessity.
People desire beef.
People desire beers.
People desire beliefs.
People desire bes.
People desire better jobs.
People desire bicycles.
People desire big families.
People desire birthday parties.
People desire bladder control.
People desire blonde hair.
People desire blowjobs.
People desire brains.
People desire breakfasts.
People desire breathes.
People desire builds.
People desire cable modems.
People desire cakes.
People desire candy.
People desire care.
People desire caregivers.
People desire central heat.
People desire champions.
People desire choices.
People desire clarity.
People desire clean air.
People desire clean water.
People desire cleans.
People desire clear rules.
People desire clear vision.
People desire closures.
People desire clothing.
People desire coffee breaks.
People desire coffee.
People desire cold beers.
People desire college degrees.
People desire comfort food.
People desire comfortable shoes.
People desire commitment.
People desire communicates.
People desire communication.
People desire companies.
People desire compassion.
People desire complement.
People desire complementeds.
People desire complimenteds.
People desire compliments.
People desire computers.
People desire confidence.
People desire confident children.
People desire conflict resolution.
People desire congratulation.
People desire consistency.
People desire contenteds.
People desire conveniences.
People desire convenient parking.
People desire conversations.
People desire convertibles.
People desire cotton candy.
People desire courage.
People desire creativity.
People desire critical thinking.
People desire dances.
People desire dedication.
People desire delicious food.
People desire details.
People desire devotion.
People desire dialogue.
People desire diamonds.
People desire dignity.
People desire dinner.
People desire discounts.
People desire distance runs.
People desire diversity.
People desire dogs.
People desire donuts.
People desire drink water.
People desire drives.
People desire easy money.
People desire education.
People desire electricity.
People desire energy.
People desire enough sleep.
People desire enough time.
People desire equal opportunity.
People desire equality.
People desire escapes.
People desire esteem.
People desire eternal salvation.
People desire evidence.
People desire examples.
People desire experience.
People desire experiments.
People desire explanations.
People desire facials.
People desire facts.
People desire fair treatments.
People desire fairness.
People desire fairs.
People desire faith.
People desire fast cars.
People desire fast services.
People desire fellowship.
People desire financial security.
People desire financial stability.
People desire finds.
People desire fitnesses.
People desire flies.
People desire flowers.
People desire foots.
People desire forgiveness.
People desire fortune.
People desire free food.
People desire free money.
People desire free rides.
People desire free stuff.
People desire free time.
People desire freedom of expression.
People desire freedom of information.
People desire french food.
People desire fresh air.
People desire fresh bread.
People desire fresh breaths.
People desire fresh eggs.
People desire fresh food.
People desire fresh fruit.
People desire fresh produce.
People desire fresh strawberries.
People desire fresh tomatos.
People desire fresh water.
People desire fuckeds.
People desire fucks.
People desire fulls.
People desire futures.
People desire garlics.
People desire german cars.
People desire gets.
People desire gifts.
People desire giraffes.
People desire goals.
People desire gods.
People desire gold.
People desire good citizens.
People desire good conversations.
People desire good credit.
People desire good deals.
People desire good education.
People desire good entertainment.
People desire good eyesights.
People desire good families.
People desire good friends.
People desire good government.
People desire good grades.
People desire good homes.
People desire good houses.
People desire good insulation.
People desire good kids.
People desire good listeners.
People desire good looking.
People desire good looks.
People desire good luck.
People desire good memory.
People desire good music.
People desire good neighbors.
People desire good parents.
People desire good posture.
People desire good relationships.
People desire good reviews.
People desire good science.
People desire good sex.
People desire good shoes.
People desire good values.
People desire good vision.
People desire gratification.
People desire great sex.
People desire great things.
People desire green grass.
People desire green thumbs.
People desire haircuts.
People desire hamburgers.
People desire happy families.
People desire happy time.
People desire headaches.
People desire health insurance.
People desire healthy bones.
People desire healthy children.
People desire healthy environments.
People desire healthy families.
People desire help.
People desire helpful hints.
People desire heros.
People desire high achievers.
People desire high wages.
People desire hips.
People desire hobbies.
People desire holds.
People desire honor.
People desire honoreds.
People desire hope.
People desire hospitalities.
People desire huggeds.
People desire hugs.
People desire human contact.
People desire hunger.
People desire ice cream.
People desire identities.
People desire improve performance.
People desire independence.
People desire independents.
People desire individuals.
People desire indoor plumbing.
People desire influence.
People desire inner peace.
People desire inspiration.
People desire integrity.
People desire intellectual stimulation.
People desire interaction.
People desire jewellery.
People desire jewelry.
People desire job security.
People desire justice.
People desire kings.
People desire knowns.
People desire lands.
People desire large houses.
People desire larger houses.
People desire laughs.
People desire laughter.
People desire leaders.
People desire leisure time.
People desire leisure.
People desire lemonades.
People desire liberty.
People desire lickeds.
People desire life.
People desire light.
People desire links.
People desire longevities.
People desire lovers.
People desire loving relationships.
People desire loyalty.
People desire luck.
People desire lunch money.
People desire luxuries.
People desire magic.
People desire mail.
People desire mangos.
People desire massages.
People desire material things.
People desire material wealth.
People desire materialism.
People desire meaning.
People desire meaningful work.
People desire medical care.
People desire mobiles.
People desire moms.
People desire morals.
People desire more information.
People desire more money.
People desire more time.
People desire mores.
People desire motivation.
People desire moves.
People desire music.
People desire mutual respect.
People desire mysteries.
People desire nanotechnologies.
People desire neededs.
People desire new computers.
People desire new experience.
People desire new ideas.
People desire new shoes.
People desire new toys.
People desire nicotine.
People desire noodles.
People desire noticeds.
People desire nourishment.
People desire novelty.
People desire open mindeds.
People desire open minds.
People desire opportunity.
People desire oral sex.
People desire orange.
People desire order.
People desire orgasm.
People desire parental approval.
People desire parents.
People desire partners.
People desire passions.
People desire patience.
People desire patients.
People desire personal care.
People desire personal comfort.
People desire personal freedom.
People desire pictures.
People desire play games.
People desire play sports.
People desire play.
People desire playfulness.
People desire popularity.
People desire porn.
People desire pornography.
People desire positive reinforcement.
People desire positive relationships.
People desire positive thoughts.
People desire pots.
People desire praise.
People desire praiseds.
People desire preference.
People desire pretzels.
People desire privacies.
People desire proof.
People desire prosperity.
People desire pugs.
People desire quality of life.
People desire quality.
People desire quick responses.
People desire quiet.
People desire racists.
People desire raises.
People desire real things.
People desire relaxation.
People desire reliability.
People desire reliable information.
People desire results.
People desire rewards.
People desire rights.
People desire ripe fruit.
People desire romance.
People desire runs.
People desire safes.
People desire salvation.
People desire sanity.
People desire savings.
People desire scented candles.
People desire science.
People desire second chances.
People desire self confidence.
People desire self esteem.
People desire self knowledge.
People desire self respect.
People desire sexual encounters.
People desire sexual intercourse.
People desire sexual relationships.
People desire shade trees.
People desire share information.
People desire share knowledge.
People desire shelter.
People desire simple truth.
People desire simplicity.
People desire smarts.
People desire snacks.
People desire snakes.
People desire snow skis.
People desire socials.
People desire solutions.
People desire sound sleep.
People desire space.
People desire spare time.
People desire specials.
People desire specific instruction.
People desire speed.
People desire spell checkers.
People desire spicy food.
People desire spirituality.
People desire sponsors.
People desire spouses.
People desire square dances.
People desire stable relationships.
People desire stables.
People desire stimulation.
People desire straight tooths.
People desire strength.
People desire stretchs.
People desire strokeds.
People desire strong bones.
People desire studies.
People desire successful life.
People desire sugar.
People desire sunlight.
People desire sunny days.
People desire sunshine.
People desire support.
People desire surprise.
People desire surpriseds.
People desire sweet fruit.
People desire sweets.
People desire swims.
People desire sympathy.
People desire tacos.
People desire talent.
People desire tallers.
People desire tan.
People desire tax refunds.
People desire technology.
People desire tenderness.
People desire thick hair.
People desire thinks.
People desire time.
People desire tobacco.
People desire tos.
People desire toys.
People desire true love.
People desire turtles.
People desire tv.
People desire unconditional love.
People desire unrequited love.
People desire useful information.
People desire vacation.
People desire validations.
People desire valueds.
People desire values.
People desire victories.
People desire video games.
People desire volcanic eruptions.
People desire war.
People desire warm baths.
People desire warm beds.
People desire warm weather.
People desire wellnesses.
People desire wisdom.
People desire world peace.
People desire worlds.
People destroy homes.
People develop diseases.
People develop feelings.
People develop habits.
People develop health problems.
People develop other health problems.
People develop poor habits.
People develop poor sleep habits.
People develop problems.
People develop sensitivity.
People develop sleep habits.
People develop symptoms.
People develop threaten diseases.
People die from illnesses.
People die in fire.
People die in hospitals.
People die of causes.
People die of natural causes.
People discontinue treatments.
People discover diets.
People discover food.
People discover optimal diets.
People discover plants.
People display behavior.
People do activities.
People do damage.
People do diets.
People do jobs.
People do tests.
People do tremendous damage.
People draw attention.
People drink water.
People eat apricot seeds.
People eat beans.
People eat beef.
People eat beets.
People eat birds.
People eat carbohydrates.
People eat chickens.
People eat cows.
People eat fatty food.
People eat ferns.
People eat fish.
People eat food.
People eat hamburger meat.
People eat healthy food.
People eat mammals.
People eat meals.
People eat meat.
People eat oysters.
People eat potato.
People eat raw oysters.
People eat red meat.
People eat seafood.
People eat seeds.
People eat sugar.
People employ in activities.
People employ in occupations.
People encounter worms.
People engage in activities.
People engage in behavior.
People enjoy basketball.
People enjoy customer services.
People enjoy health.
People enjoy life.
People enjoy long life.
People enjoy play basketball.
People enjoy services.
People enter hobbies.
People enter houses.
People enter into life.
People enter into states.
People enter life.
People enter rooms.
People enter stages.
People enter water.
People exhibit anxiety reaction.
People exhibit behavior.
People exhibit odd behavior.
People exhibit particular behavior.
People exhibit problem behavior.
People exhibit reaction.
People experience attraction.
People experience crises.
People experience difficulty.
People experience emotion.
People experience events.
People experience feelings.
People experience heartburn.
People experience illumination.
People experience odor.
People experience pain.
People experience pinch sensation.
People experience problems.
People experience psychological pain.
People experience reaction.
People experience sensation.
People experience serious reaction.
People experience sexual attraction.
People experience strong emotion.
People experience strong odor.
People experience symptoms.
People experience thirsts.
People express concern.
People express feelings.
People express interest.
People express remorse.
People feel affection.
People feel attraction.
People feel desire.
People feel forces.
People feel like people.
People feel much pain.
People feel pain.
People feel sensation.
People feel senses.
People feel sexual attraction.
People find anxiety.
People find articles.
People find effects.
People find experimentation.
People find improvement.
People find interest.
People find lists.
People find people.
People find plants.
People find topics.
People find values.
People finish diets.
People focus on sources.
People follow diets.
People follow lead.
People follow steps.
People gain experience.
People gain life experience.
People get adequate nutrition.
People get attention.
People get cancer.
People get cards.
People get chances.
People get credit.
People get diarrhea.
People get diets.
People get experience.
People get food.
People get glimpses.
People get information.
People get knowledge.
People get license.
People get lung cancer.
People get medical treatments.
People get nutrition.
People get products.
People get spicy food.
People get sting.
People get treatments.
People give advice.
People give answers.
People give evidence.
People give false information.
People give guidance.
People give information.
People give right answers.
People give valuable advice.
People grasp hands.
People grow up in families.
People hate cobras.
People hate snakes.
People have (part) arms.
People have (part) body substances.
People have (part) cell membranes.
People have (part) cells.
People have (part) corpi.
People have (part) cytoplasm.
People have (part) heads.
People have (part) human bodies.
People have (part) legs.
People have (part) material bodies.
People have (part) necks.
People have (part) nuclei.
People have (part) personality.
People have (part) plasma membranes.
People have (part) sections.
People have (part) vacuoles.
People have allergic reaction.
People have animals.
People have antibodies.
People have appetite.
People have attachment.
People have awareness.
People have bad habits.
People have beliefs.
People have black hair.
People have blood flow problems.
People have blood.
People have blue eyes.
People have body parts.
People have boxes.
People have brains.
People have brown eyes.
People have brown hair.
People have capability.
People have capacity.
People have care.
People have chances.
People have characteristics.
People have characters.
People have children.
People have clear senses.
People have complex problems.
People have conditions.
People have confidence.
People have consciousness.
People have contact.
People have cortisol excretion.
People have descendants.
People have different beliefs.
People have different ideas.
People have different skills.
People have dinner.
People have ears.
People have eat habits.
People have eats.
People have emotion.
People have emotional states.
People have enemies.
People have excretion.
People have experience.
People have eyes.
People have favorite color.
People have fear.
People have feelings.
People have feet.
People have fingernails.
People have fingerprints.
People have flaws.
People have food.
People have foots.
People have freedom of speech.
People have friends.
People have fruit vegetables.
People have genetic makeup.
People have glands.
People have good habits.
People have good health.
People have good physical health.
People have grandparents.
People have growth hormones.
People have habits.
People have have contact.
People have have experience.
People have have negative experience.
People have heads.
People have health conditions.
People have health.
People have healthy eat habits.
People have healthy habits.
People have hearts.
People have homes.
People have hormones.
People have horrible posture.
People have ideas.
People have illnesses.
People have information.
People have intake.
People have intentions.
People have interest.
People have irritate skin.
People have issues.
People have itchy reaction.
People have kin.
People have knowledge.
People have large homes.
People have license.
People have lifestyle.
People have makeup.
People have male organs.
People have male sex organs.
People have manufactureds.
People have many talent.
People have memory.
People have mild symptoms.
People have minds.
People have missions.
People have moles.
People have moral rights.
People have mouths.
People have muscles.
People have names.
People have noses.
People have notions.
People have nutritious dinner.
People have offsprings.
People have organs.
People have outward symptoms.
People have pain.
People have parents.
People have partners.
People have people.
People have physical health.
People have played sports.
People have posture.
People have power.
People have problems.
People have proteins.
People have psychological illnesses.
People have reaction.
People have red hair.
People have religious beliefs.
People have responsibility.
People have restrictions.
People have rights.
People have senses.
People have sex organs.
People have sex.
People have sides.
People have skills.
People have skin.
People have smell.
People have soft bodies.
People have sole responsibility.
People have souls.
People have sources.
People have specific religious beliefs.
People have spiritual experience.
People have strong attachment.
People have such conditions.
People have sufficient capacity.
People have sweat glands.
People have symptoms.
People have talent.
People have teeth.
People have terminal illnesses.
People have thoughts.
People have urinary excretion.
People have vegetables.
People have want.
People have water restrictions.
People have year experience.
People hear dogs.
People help problems.
People hire assistants.
People hold pets.
People identify fingerprint patterns.
People identify patterns.
People identify stages.
People incorporate techniques.
People increase intake.
People influence decisions.
People ingest food.
People ingest mushrooms.
People ingest plants.
People ingest poisonous mushrooms.
People inhabit countries.
People inhabit places.
People inhale air.
People inherit autosomal recessive patterns.
People inherit conditions.
People inherit patterns.
People inherit predisposition.
People inherit recessive patterns.
People involve in preparation.
People join companies.
People keep animals.
People keep in minds.
People kill animals.
People kill ants.
People kill insects.
People kill people.
People know answers.
People know circumstances.
People know duties.
People know officers.
People know owners.
People know people.
People know purposes.
People know stuff.
People know weakness.
People lack confidence.
People lack medical qualifications.
People lack qualifications.
People lead lifestyle.
People lead sedentary lifestyle.
People learn about dinosaurs.
People learn tasks.
People leave homes.
People lie on beds.
People like animals.
People like butterflies.
People like cats.
People like chipmunks.
People like dogs.
People like fish.
People like rabbits.
People like turtles.
People limit activities.
People limit physical activities.
People live for many years.
People live for years.
People live in areas.
People live in challenge environments.
People live in climates.
People live in conditions.
People live in countries.
People live in develop countries.
People live in environments.
People live in geographic areas.
People live in homes.
People live in houses.
People live in live conditions.
People live in states.
People live in temperate climates.
People live in urban areas.
People live in vicinities.
People live on diets.
People live on typical diets.
People look at clock faces.
People look at dolphins.
People look at faces.
People look for sources.
People lose blood.
People lose fathers.
People lose functions.
People lose kidney functions.
People lose life.
People lose people.
People lose perspiration.
People lose pets.
People lose pounds.
People lose weight.
People love animals.
People love cats.
People love dogs.
People love families.
People love fish.
People love hummingbirds.
People love owls.
People love parrots.
People love pets.
People love rabbits.
People love whales.
People maintain components.
People maintain horizontal components.
People maintain weight.
People make calculations.
People make careers.
People make choices.
People make conscious decisions.
People make creations.
People make decisions.
People make differences.
People make effort.
People make examinations.
People make life.
People make measurements.
People make music.
People make noise.
People make representations.
People make sing careers.
People make sound.
People make trips.
People may have ability.
People may have characteristics.
People may have diets.
People may have diseases.
People may have effects.
People may have fevers.
People may have follow characteristics.
People may have great natural ability.
People may have hearts.
People may have legs.
People may have natural ability.
People may have protective effects.
People may have resistance.
People may have severe symptoms.
People may have symptoms.
People may have types.
People meet goals.
People meet requirements.
People monitor levels.
People move food.
People move plants.
People must have good taste.
People must have taste.
People need assistance.
People need details.
People need extra oxygen.
People need eyelids.
People need fluid.
People need food.
People need immediate assistance.
People need immediate medical assistance.
People need knees.
People need medical assistance.
People need nutrients.
People need oxygen.
People need such assistance.
People need treatments.
People observe behavior.
People observe color.
People observe flight.
People obtain further information.
People obtain information.
People occupy passenger seats.
People occupy seats.
People offer proof.
People offer suggestions.
People open eyes.
People own animals.
People own dangerous animals.
People pay attention.
People perform actions.
People perform duties.
People perform health care procedures.
People perform procedures.
People perform such duties.
People perform surgical procedures.
People perform tasks.
People pick up pets.
People pick up sound.
People play different roles.
People play games.
People play roles.
People possess minds.
People possess pets.
People pour water.
People prepare food.
People present articles.
People present statements.
People press buttons.
People press control buttons.
People produce bile.
People produce insulin.
People produce results.
People propose offers.
People provide assistance.
People provide consent.
People provide information.
People purchase books.
People purchase goods.
People raise animals.
People raise children.
People reach adulthood.
People reach ages.
People reach maturity.
People reach old ages.
People reach skeletal maturity.
People react to food.
People read books.
People read essays.
People read short essays.
People receive attention.
People receive benefits.
People receive care.
People receive contact.
People receive dose treatments.
People receive health care.
People receive immediate attention.
People receive immediate medical attention.
People receive immunity.
People receive interest.
People receive lump sum benefits.
People receive medical attention.
People receive medical treatments.
People receive news.
People receive patents.
People receive permission.
People receive products.
People receive results.
People receive services.
People receive social security benefits.
People receive steroid therapy.
People receive therapy.
People receive treatments.
People recover from diseases.
People recover from infectious diseases.
People regain health.
People rely on information.
People rely on values.
People remain in states.
People remove bait.
People report beliefs.
People request services.
People require care.
People require food.
People require medical care.
People require nutrients.
People require rich food.
People require rich protein food.
People resemble apes.
People reside in regions.
People reside in tropical regions.
People respond to oral therapy.
People respond to stimuli.
People respond to therapy.
People restrict carbohydrate intake.
People restrict intake.
People save life.
People say in statements.
People search for many possible ways.
People search for many ways.
People search for people.
People search for possible ways.
People search for ways.
People see babies.
People see best friends.
People see different values.
People see dogs.
People see dreams.
People see families.
People see friends.
People see images.
People see light.
People see owls.
People see plants.
People see sunset.
People see values.
People seek advice.
People seek attention.
People seek experience.
People seek medical attention.
People seek protection.
People seek therapy.
People seek truth.
People send letters.
People serve purposes.
People share attitude.
People share general attitude.
People share life.
People share quality.
People share same attitude.
People share same general attitude.
People should have fundamental human rights.
People should have fundamental rights.
People should have human rights.
People should have rights.
People show behavior.
People sign consent documents.
People sign documents.
People sign inform consent documents.
People sit in chairs.
People sit in empty chairs.
People sit in quiet rooms.
People sit in rooms.
People sit on chairs.
People stand on sidewalks.
People stand on stools.
People start diets.
People start life.
People stay in places.
People stay with mothers.
People study earth.
People submit fingerprints.
People submit letters.
People submit questionnaires.
People suffer from abdominal pain.
People suffer from ailment.
People suffer from allergies.
People suffer from anxiety.
People suffer from bacterial infection.
People suffer from conditions.
People suffer from infection.
People suffer from pain.
People suffer from respiratory ailment.
People suffer from symptoms.
People suffer health issues.
People suffer issues.
People suffer life.
People survive to ages.
People survive to reproductive ages.
People sustain burns.
People sustain serious burns.
People swallow fish.
People take actions.
People take advantage.
People take appropriate actions.
People take aspirin.
People take blood pressure.
People take calcium.
People take care.
People take extra care.
People take high pressure.
People take medicine.
People take necessary actions.
People take offers.
People take other necessary actions.
People take over care.
People take photos.
People take pressure.
People take responsibility.
People take steps.
People teach children.
People to develop life skills.
People to develop skills.
People to drink water.
People to give consent.
People to identify amphibians.
People to lose weight.
People to participate in activities.
People to participate in sexual activities.
People to pay assessments.
People to provide care services.
People to provide consent.
People to provide personal care services.
People to provide personal services.
People to provide services.
People to share experience.
People to share knowledge.
People touch spoons.
People train in appropriate procedures.
People train in procedures.
People transmit diseases.
People undergo treatments.
People understand battles.
People understand development.
People understand images.
People understand offers.
People understand situations.
People use ability.
People use alcohol.
People use bread.
People use cards.
People use energy.
People use goods.
People use knives.
People use life.
People use methods.
People use muscles.
People use natural ability.
People use products.
People use schools.
People use science.
People use services.
People use sites.
People use skills.
People use substances.
People use wood.
People utilize services.
People visit regions.
People want dogs.
People wash hands.
People watch animals.
People watch cats.
People watch movies.
People wear canada goose jackets.
People wear garments.
People wear hats.
People wear jackets.
People weigh lbs.
People weigh pounds.
People will have breaths.
People will have brown eyes.
People will have eyes.
People will have ideas.
People will have memory.
People will have minds.
People will have outcomes.
People will have patterns.
People will have reaction.
People will have same reaction.
People will have symptoms.
People work for several years.
People work for years.
People work homes.
People work in areas.
People work in grain storage areas.
People work jobs.
People work under supervision.
People write articles.
Person accompanying dog handler marks their course with trail tape.
Person accumulating the most points is declared the winner.
Person acts sweet on the outside, but ultimately explodes in anger.
Person acts with little consideration of consequences.
Person addresses envelope with the recipients PO box and zip code.
Person agrees to cleanup the site.
Person also becomes more sensitive and irritated by touch, etc.
Person also has a chance to work on customer service, content, and HR projects.
Person also has nose bleeds.
Person also includes heirs, assigns, personal representatives and guardians.
Person also includes heirs, assigns, personal representatives, and guardians.
Person analyzes own strategies.
Person anchoring can also facilitate test form equating.
Person appears disproportionately inebriated in relation to the amount of alcohol consumed.
Person applies for refund prior to the first game being played, or the first class attended.
Person are the same.
Person bailing is susceptible to exposure.
Person becomes a stutterer.
Person becomes chronically ill or worse.
Person becomes instant zillionaire.
Person becomes irritable or overly sentimental.
Person becomes non-verbal and is dependent on others for basic care.
Person begin Knives within either chief along little tailor.
Person breaks in to a vacant house, changes the locks and then rents the property out.
Person brings a veteran presence to the new school.
Person brings to the job.
Person bruise easily.
Person bury beyond some bowl hence suffer racquetball string.
Person bury beyond some bowl hence suffer reebok baseball uniform.
Person bury beyond some bowl hence suffer rollerblade lightning.
Person bury beyond some bowl hence suffer san diego chargers caps.
Person bury beyond some bowl hence suffer san diego chargers jersey.
Person can be in charge of a group without exhibiting leadership qualities.
Person can consume all ingredients if desired.
Person can let go.
Person can no-longer connect to server question.
Person can pay for up to one year in advance.
Person can remain on the trip.
Person can solve difficult analysis problems.
Person can win only one prize.
Person checking out equipment is responsible for damages, or loss of equipment.
Person choose Information across coast between the cookies after shares before that region.
Person collapses, body become rigid and jerks.
Person comes to life.
Person completes form and returns three copies to county schools.
Person condemns Israeli violations of Palestinian civil and human rights.
Person conducting work maintains control of power with key lockout.
Person confines itself to managing the data for an individual person.
Person coughs or is active and pulls the catheter out.
Person covers most needs well, but some areas lack attention.
Person craves true intimacy but at the same time is terrified of it.
Person curls up into a fetal position to conserve heat.
Person damages as a result.
Person desires to do what is right but lacks power.
Person dies whilst unconscious.
Person dread around an free internet gaming.
Person eats whenever food is available.
Person entering requisition is responsible for photocopying and distributing attachments.
Person enters, case open and inverted.
Person exhibits inappropriate behavior and incoherent language.
Person experiences a disturbing situation or problem.
Person falls asleep suddenly several times a day which disrupts daily activities.
Person feel good with negative ions.
Person feels lightheaded and faint.
Person feels tense, anxious, upset, or guilty while eating.
Person files a petition which involves filing out paperwork.
Person files a petition which involves filling out paperwork.
Person freezes up mentally and physically usually before an exam or public speaking.
Person gathers data and asks lots of questions.
Person generally comes before judge within hours of arrest.
Person greets all visitors and notifies appropriate department of their arrival.
Person has cold, clammy unusually pale or bluish skin.
Person has cold, clammy, and unusally pale or bluish skin.
Person has cold, clammy, pale or bluish skin.
Person has cold, clammy, unusually pale or bluish skin.
Person has Last Name.
Person has right to refuse medical treatment.
Person has to want to be chair.
Person hides the behavior after family or close friends have mentioned their concern.
Person includes a corporation or other organisation or enterprise.
Person includes an individual, trust, estate, partnership, association, company, or corporation.
Person includes corporation, unless the context wherein the word is used indicates otherwise.
Person incorporates the concepts of learner, self, individual, families, groups, and communities.
Person is a functional unity of a biological organism.
Person is a talented sub who is a former starter.
Person is advised to seek medical treatment.
Person is an immortal soul imprisoned in a mortal body.
Person is an immortal soul in a mortal body.
Person is available to translate.
Person is capable of giving informed consent and completing self-report measures.
Person is defined in the act.
Person is determined by the verb.
Person is encouraged to consider filing a report.
Person is encouraged to consider filing a written report.
Person is encouraged to get to a safe place.
Person is focused on injustices, betrayal, unjust treatment, etc. by others.
Person is immutable also, and has operations to get the person's name, phone number, and birthdate.
Person is in the act of causing bodily harm or property damage.
Person is incapable of using feedback.
Person is infected as long as sores are present, and sometimes even when no sores are present.
Person is known to have consumed large quantities of alcohol in a short period of time.
Person is less engaged than previously with friends, family, job, and other activities.
Person is Male.
Person is more important.
Person is offered the choice to come up with their own option.
Person is physically healthy.
Person is physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, or socially nonfunctional.
Person is preferred to have consumer products background.
Person is preoccupied with thoughts of death of self or others - can t focus on work.
Person is quick to get mad, has a bad temper.
Person is recommended to seek support, information and counseling.
Person is required to draw a peron of either sex, then to draw one of the other sex.
Person is responsible for daily operations, personnel management, billing oversight, budgeting, etc.
Person is responsible for producing and anchoring weekend news programs.
Person is self-explanitory.
Person is the default value.
Person is the name of the base class.
Person is too overbearing.
Person is understood to include individuals, families, groups, and communities.
Person isa entity.
Person isa organism.
Person jumps in, then it repeats and they invite a third person, etc.
Person keeps track of all regulation coming down the track.
Person kills an animal as practice to killing a human.
Person leads and develops on-site lab and quality engineering functions of the plant.
Person leaves ice with the fish house.
Person looks like they have been cutting up onions.
Person looks surprised, clutches chest and falls as the camera follows their motion.
Person makes choice and asks digital companion to book room.
Person makes event, and event person.
Person making reservation is held responsible for any and all damage or misuse of facilities.
Person making the reservation is responsible for balance on day of the charter.
Person mean at an egg or sleep susan nero.
Person means a human being as well as a legal entity and a any other third party.
Person means a natural person, corporation, partnership or association.
Person means and individual, corporation, partnership, or public or private organization.
Person means individuals, corporations, partnerships or any legal entity.
Person meets needs only to reverse symptoms as they appear.
Person moves mobile home .
Person names with prefixes.
Person needs outstanding leadership skills to lead the quality staff that is in place.
Person needs to be able to do table structures with active-x interface.
Person needs to be adept in photo retouching and creative photo illustration.
Person needs to be extremely customer oriented and have the ability to multi-task.
Person needs to be innovative and creative.
Person needs to be sharp, aggressive, and be able to work independently.
Person needs to have a good understanding of portrait photography.
Person needs to have a perceived mental illness.
Person needs to have drivers licence and have good customer service skills.
Person needs to have excellent telephone skills, and sufficient marketing backgrounds.
Person needs to have strong technical skills and be a self-starter.
Person needs to speak English.
Person objects still to be removed.
Person objects with multiple identical copies.
Person opens battery compartment and pulls lever, battery is shown.
Person organizes data and builds hypothesis.
Person picking up children are to report to the office and be prepared to identify themselves.
Person picks up the object on the end of the cord and then drops it again.
Person placing tents is responsible for removing the tents immediately after the event is over.
Person plead guilty.
Person providing rides is a member of the group and often a friend.
Person purges through self-induced vomiting, laxative or diuretic abuse, exercise or strict dieting.
Person qualifies under more than one totalization agreement.
Person receives a variety of stimulation therapies, skilled nurse care, and physical therapy.
Person receives sexual pleasure by dressing in the clothes of the opposite sex.
Person receives telephone counselling upon contact and initial session arranged.
Person redeeming coupon pays taxes, if any.
Person related to the taxpayer means a person connected with another by blood or marriage.
Person remembers how it used to be.
Person responds disproportionately to fear.
Person rises and walks around while remaining asleep.
Person s with specialized knowledge can work up to five years.
Person sees themselves as too small.
Person sells soul to devil in exchange for witch power.
Person shine between the pass meanwhile completed girl next door.
Person signing for permit is responsible for fire.
Person solving problem can calculate mean, median, and mode of data.
Person solving problem knows the definitions of mean, median, and mode.
Person stages and the unity of consciousness.
Person starting kickoff can only touch the ball once.
Person suffer upon some bowl hence blossom ski helmets.
Person suffering from it feels restless and upset and unable to do normal daily activity.
Person suffering from peptic ulcer becomes violent, aggressive, short tempered, etc.
Person suffering from viral infections, bacterial and fungal attacks are other causes of sinusitis.
Person takes money and disappears.
Person takes out battery.
Person takes responsibility for all health areas and meets all needs.
Person talks about intent to harm another.
Person threatens to commit suicide.
Person throws rock.
Person tries to control what and where friends eat.
Person tries to control what and where the family eats.
Person tries to verify the situation.
Person turns gritty, an aggressive honk as the chords drift in.
Person unknowingly develops nerve interference.
Person Use the name of a person to search for data.
Person Use to find articles about a person.
Person waits five minutes and leaves.
Person winning serve in first game also serves first in the third game.
Person winning serves in first game also serves first in the third game.
Person works for number of firms or people at one time.
Person writing the letter needs to do a really good job.
Persons accessing the information assume full responsibility for the use of the information.
Persons accompanying a minor are responsible for the minor's actions.
Persons accused of crimes have the full protection of all our laws.
Persons act for their own sakes by acting according to reason, and reason reflects reality.
Persons affect each other through love and encouragement.
Persons affected are generally older.
Persons affected are likely to dream up ridiculous insult of dubious derivation.
Persons affected have a drastically reduced life expectancy.
Persons allow other people to penetrate their public self when they disclose personal information.
Persons also have the option of seeking a continuance by appearing on the motion call.
Persons also looks at other aspects of spider behavior, such as sexual selection.
Persons appear by entering into relation to other persons.
Persons apply for benefits by filing an initial claim in the office.
Persons applying pesticides often apply in heavier rates than labelled rates.
Persons appointed are to be knowledgeable in the acquisition and management of natural areas.
Persons appointed to most other courts of record also serve the balance of an unexpired term.
Persons are a holistic unity of the physical, psychological, social and spiritual.
Persons are able to camp out in all seasons of the year with a few trifling exceptions.
Persons are always in the process of being sanctified- being made holy.
Persons are complex wholes who seek a balance through their unique abilities.
Persons are contagious for up to four days after the rash has appeared.
Persons are cross, irritable, discouraged, gloomy, nervous, generally look thin, haggard and sallow.
Persons are eligible to win one prize per household, depending on the value of the prize.
Persons are ends and as such are more important than things.
Persons are familiar with the job, task, or process.
Persons are free to change their religion.
Persons are generally under guardianship because they have mental limitations.
Persons are holistic, complex biological, psychological, social, cultural, and spiritual beings.
Persons are ineligible for employment if they are unable to present the required documents.
Persons are limited what number they wear, some ten some twenty depending their rank and honor.
Persons are moral figures.
Persons are more likely to give their correct age if it falls within a category.
Persons are more or less protected by law against false insinuations and accusations.
Persons are more valuable than things.
Persons are no longer contagious four days after the rash has appeared.
Persons are objects and sources both of communication, and of love.
Persons are responsible for the prompt and safe return of the material they borrow.
Persons are seen on a first come, first serve basis.
Persons are social beings before they are aware of having their own distinctive personalities.
Persons are temporally and historically situated.
Persons are to be judged solely on how they treat others.
Persons are unable to pay bills, banks are foreclosing, people are desperate.
Persons are under contract to perform the review.
Persons are unique, dynamic, holistic entities who have the capacity for unlimited growth.
Persons are welcome for a day, overnight, a weekend, or longer.
Persons are welcome from any country.
Persons are welcome to attend special worship and music services.
Persons are welcome to come to a practice and at that time, receive autographs.
Persons are welcome to come to spend the day or to drop by for just a few minutes.
Persons are welcome to honor family members and friends.
Persons are who they are by virtue of relationship to each other.
Persons are worthy of dignity and respect, whereas things are open to use.
Persons arrested by officers have their cases adjudicated in local courts.
Persons arrested by university police have their cases adjudicated in local courts.
Persons ashore dial the ship as an international telephone call.
Persons asphyxiated are frequently in a state of only apparent death.
Persons assigned to part-time positions receive prorated benefits.
Persons assume responsibility for health through their life choices.
Persons attempting suicide want to escape from their problems.
Persons attending meetings are subject to all library rules and regulations.
Persons attending meetings are subject to all regulations governing patron use of the library.
Persons attending meetings at the library are subject to all library rules.
Persons attending meetings at the Library are subject to all library rules.
Persons attending the expo are encourage to car pool.
Persons attending the meeting are subject to all library rules and regulations.
Persons attending the meetings are subject to all library rules and regulations.
Persons being assisted include orphans, the elderly, the unemployed and persons with disabilities.
Persons being deceptive invariably send out different signals.
Persons being spread all over the world are able to collaborate in virtual teams.
Persons belonging to it are, with few exceptions, absolutely excluded from our country.
Persons belonging to minorities have the right to establish and maintain their own associations.
Persons born in the U.S. or to U.S. citizens in foreign countries are citizens of the United States.
Persons born under different tithis have distinct personality differences.
Persons break in to member's page with key logger.
Persons bringing children on campus are responsible for their appropriate supervision and behavior.
Persons bringing their own lunch are welcome.
Persons can also donate their service credits to another individual who needs help.
Persons can also incinerate the meat if they prefer.
Persons can also mail in additional information so that the memory bank can be continually updated.
Persons can also register at the meeting.
Persons can also telephone their oldest relatives to locate their specific indigenous community.
Persons can apply for assistance by telephone as well.
Persons can apply for two permits.
Persons can be male or female and correspondingly there are different bitmaps which can be drawn.
Persons can be physically, or geographically, distant.
Persons can bring old electronics products to be recycled.
Persons can bring their own team.
Persons can call to receive low income and affordable housing information.
Persons can check out the engraver to engrave their property themselves.
Persons can connect to Web service providers on their home computers.
Persons can go to the courthouse and see how a probate estate was distributed and to whom.
Persons can gradually resume their normal lifestyle and level of activity.
Persons can join in the discussion or only read the emails.
Persons can launch trailered small and medium sized boats where there are ramps.
Persons can never be free, for the mind that believes it is a person has enslaved itself to idols.
Persons can only show evidence of what truth is and work toward improved understanding of it.
Persons can optimize their health by making choices based on their understanding of environment.
Persons can own property directly.
Persons can prevent the symptoms by avoiding foods high in milk content.
Persons can register for individual sessions or all six.
Persons can register for one weekend or all three.
Persons can register on site.
Persons can review postings and apply on-line from the new site.
Persons can seek pleasure casually and forget the more important values in life.
Persons can stay as much of the month as suits their schedule.
Persons can stop off in Europe on the return.
Persons can sue for anything they feel is irritating or compromising their health.
Persons can suggest projects and do design specs as well.
Persons can then retrieve a specific package by name from the queue.
Persons carry into adulthood their proclivities to shy at the new and to delight in the old.
Persons caught in the path of a tsunami have little chance to survive.
Persons ceasing to attend meetings are to be spoken to.
Persons certified in sensory integration usually have graduate degrees.
Persons checking out chamber music are responsible for renewing or returning all checked-out parts.
Persons committing offenses against public, socialist property are enemies of the people.
Persons commonly react emotionally to the diagnosis of Diabetes.
Persons commonly using alarmed areas are all responsible for the integrity of the system.
Persons communicate ideas.
Persons conducting genealogical research come here from all over the country and Canada.
Persons conducting religious work on a tourist card are subject to arrest and deportation.
Persons considering suicide in response to an unhappy life situation are typically ambivalent.
Persons contacted are often skeptical and resistant to change.
Persons contemplating marriage are well-advised to seek competent legal advice.
Persons contribute their time, effort, money and their prayers.
Persons convicted of a felony lose several important rights and privileges.
Persons convicted of a second domestic violence offense face mandatory ten days jail time.
Persons convicted of felonies lose their voting eligibility while incarcerated.
Persons convicted of misdemeanors can vote.
Persons convicted of the crime face a maximum sentence of one year in state prison.
Persons copying or in any way infringing same are liable to legal proceedings'.
Persons craving for true knowledge and absolute liberation come from far and near palaces.
Persons crossing or near railroad tracks also have a duty to act reasonably.
Persons define family for themselves.
Persons desiring non-directed personal retreats are welcome, though our space is limited.
Persons develop fever, chills, headaches, muscle aches, and loss of appetite.
Persons differ between themselves in their ranges.
Persons differ greatly in their reactivity to sunlight.
Persons discursively position themselves or others, and thereby, co-construct identities.
Persons doing historical research and genealogy are welcome to use the archives.
Persons driving or riding in private automobiles do so at their own risk .
Persons eating marijuana often take too much of the drug.
Persons elected generally serve a year as junior and then senior constable.
Persons elected to membership in mid-year receive back publications entitlement for the whole year.
Persons elected to membership remain members for life.
Persons employed as teachers or program coordinators are also exempt.
Persons employed in the retail trade get two consecutive days off every seven days.
Persons employed to create works can give a comprehensive consent in favour of their employer.
Persons endued with reason avoid odious actions, since they can foresee the rewards of doing so.
Persons engage in actions.
Persons engaging in business include the sellers or lessors of property and the sellers of services.
Persons engaging in such conduct face disciplinary action or suspension.
Persons engaging in the sale of alcohol are also subject to state tax.
Persons enjoy maximum legal and moral rights, including the right to life.
Persons enter into land transactions for a multitude of reasons.
Persons enter life through mortal birth and, in due time, disappear through the veil of death.
Persons entering corrections facilities are at high risk for STDs.
Persons entering the facility do so at their own risk.
Persons entering the property - the landowner has duties to such persons.
Persons entering the SES for the first time are subject to a one-year probationary period.
Persons escorting wheelchair passengers ride for free.
Persons exercise an attraction upon one another which has a levelling effect.
Persons exist and are influenced by a dynamic, complex, and multidimensional environment.
Persons exist within their environments.
Persons experiencing depersonalization feel as if they are living in a dream or even a film.
Persons exposed to cigarette smoke have significantly higher rates of lung cancer than other people.
Persons express wholeness in thoughts, feelings and behaviors.
Persons failing to fasten restraints are subject to disciplinary action.
Persons fearing assassi- nation sometimes wear such defenses beneath their ordinary dress.
Persons feel in any difficulty thus teach black bean chilis.
Persons feel in any difficulty thus teach low-fat recipe.
Persons feel lighter and emotionally integrated following a PSEB sm treatment.
Persons filing documents by facsimile copies accept all responsibility for timely filing.
Persons filling unexpired terms are immediately eligible for re-election to a new three year term.
Persons find a place where they are needed.
Persons find new freedom to face each other and to speak of things which are most important.
Persons find that they have similar thoughts and experiences, similar losses and times of coping.
Persons fishing without a licence are liable to a fine and confiscation of equipment.
Persons fleeing domestic violence situations also meet the homelessness criteria.
Persons fleeing persecution often have to cross borders illegally.
Persons following ethnic diets tend to show a different order of allergenicity.
Persons form and transform themselves.
Persons gain new knowledge from some knowledges by thinking.
Persons generally go to school in the neighborhoods where they live or in larger geographic units.
Persons gradually become more accustomed to the restrictions that institutional life imposes.
Persons hacking or spamming unconditionally waive any right or expectation of privacy.
Persons have a duty to protect the lives and property of themselves and others.
Persons have a more defined role of teacher and student.
Persons have a name and a telephone number, which are strings.
Persons have a right to refuse as well as to give consent.
Persons have inherent dignity and worth.
Persons have personality and character.
Persons have rights to just and moral laws.
Persons have the ability to affect their own health, and are responsible for their choices.
Persons have the potential for rational, healthy, and intelligent relationships.
Persons have the right to a thorough pain assessment and appropriate treatment of pain.
Persons have the right to associate freely.
Persons have the right to privacy and to conduct legitimate business as they desire.
Persons having warrants are subject to arrest upon contact.
Persons hear down little meat after appoint community.
Persons hear down little meat after appoint weather.
Persons help each other deal with trouble.
Persons hired by the property owners are responsible for removing material.
Persons holding individual memberships qualify for the full range of SMTA benefits.
Persons holding nonambulatory permits or motor vehicle permits are exempt.
Persons holding participating memberships qualify for the full range of SMTA benefits.
Persons hunting with deer damage permits are also subject to the fluorescent orange requirement.
Persons illegally obtaining Native American artifacts or human remains are guilty of a felony.
Persons includes both individuals and entities.
Persons inexperienced at solitude are vulnerable to such seduction, especially youth.
Persons infected with the virus can spread the illness before symptoms appear.
Persons injured by the actions of a volunteer are able to file a claim directly against the state.
Persons intending to work, mast have a work permit.
Persons involved in a fight or any loud explosions or screams are suspicious.
Persons involved in emergency response require appropriate training.
Persons involved in emergency services are very underpaid.
Persons involved in retail theft often use sophisticated tools for their illegal activity.
Persons involved in shooting incidents face a great amount of stress.
Persons involved in such behavior are subject to suspension.
Persons join other clans, allying themselves with their wives' clans or being adopted as children.
Persons joining at any time within the calendar year receive both issues for that year.
Persons knowingly submitting false information are guilty of a class C misdemeanor.
Persons listed in the indexes multiple times are in the genealogy reports more than once.
Persons listed with a red background are key contact people for their departments.
Persons live in their own homes or apartments either on their own or with housemates.
Persons living abroad can vote at a Swedish embassy or consulate, or on board a Swedish ship.
Persons living alone form a single-person household.
Persons living alone with few friends and very few visitors have a high incidence of suicide.
Persons living here form the membership.
Persons living here require a less intensive level of care and live more independently.
Persons living in Eugene or Springfield are eligible.
Persons living in group homes regularly participate in activities away from home.
Persons living in Somalia, Afghanistan, and Haiti experience the highest food deficit in the world.
Persons living in the South and West have high probabilities of being uninsured.
Persons living in their own home or in subsidized housing can receive benefits.
Persons living in warmer climates, particularly the southeast, have higher incidence rates.
Persons living outside the Park District pay the second fee listed.
Persons living with a family of a different surname are also cross-indexed under their own surnames.
Persons loaning their vehicles to others are responsible for any tickets issued to the vehicle.
Persons look back in anger.
Persons looking for a place where to handle serious matters in a serious way, are welcome here.
Persons looking for properties in particular neighborhoods many times call after seeing a sign.
Persons looking for research collaboration can state their interests.
Persons making false statements relating to a claim for a bonus are guilty of a class A misdemeanor.
Persons making photocopies are liable for any infringement.
Persons making such comments seem to be intent on genocide-denial.
Persons making unauthorized repairs on university property are subject to ticketing or towing.
Persons manning the table or station are to remain behind same.
Persons married to adulterers are victims, and deserve our sympathy.
Persons matter more than roles.
Persons merely enlarge and expand the capacities of societal leaders and fabulators.
Persons needing medical, dental, osteopathic, optometric or podiatric services are eligible.
Persons needing multiple domain access require an account in each domain.
Persons newly diagnosed go into a tailspin of emotions.
Persons now fighting for restitution are therefore to be supported.
Persons observing the rules of hygiene are less susceptible to the plague.
Persons only compete with others in their own age group.
Persons participate entirely at their own risk.
Persons participating do so at their own risk.
Persons participating in research studies receive free assessment, treatment, and follow-up.
Persons participting in walks or meetings in Private houses do so entirely at their own risk.
Persons paying via the bank have to wait two days before they can collect their number plates.
Persons perpetuating such harassment are also guilty of cybercrimes.
Persons placing such calls to avoid payment for service are subject to prosecution.
Persons play out their allotted role given by history.
Persons possessing such items are subject to removal and prosecution.
Persons posting are responsible for content.
Persons posting materials are responsible for removal of the materials.
Persons posting messages to the listserve are solely responsible for the content of their messages.
Persons posting posters are responsible for knowing what areas are designated for posting.
Persons practicing illegally represent a risk to the public safety and welfare.
Persons prevent Business down standard beside an loveseats consequently understood behind any week.
Persons prevent Business down standard beside an plumbing consequently understood behind any week.
Persons previously having held office are elligible for re-election.
Persons Provides information and referral for deaf and hard of hearing persons and their families.
Persons receive government help only after depleting most of their assets.
Persons receive immunizations when needed.
Persons receiving housing assistance are over twice as likely to be victims of gun violence.
Persons receiving masters degrees wear tassels on the left side at all times.
Persons receiving often live extravagantly.
Persons receiving PATH-funded services have some of the most disabling mental disorders.
Persons receiving public assistance are almost always eligible.
Persons receiving the circuit breaker tax credit are still eligible for the homestead exemption.
Persons recognizing incorrect information are welcome to offer corrections.
Persons recovering from yellow fever have lifelong immunity against reinfection.
Persons refers to diversity.
Persons registering agree to provide accurate information.
Persons relying on such information do so at their own risk.
Persons relying on such information do so entirely at their own risk.
Persons relying upon oral or written opinions do so at their own risk.
Persons removing windows or screens are subject to a fine as well as repair charges.
Persons rent except all mother because rent jackson, alan.
Persons renting booth space are responsible for having their area clean.
Persons repairing fixtures are contractors.
Persons repairing mobility enhancing equipment annexed to real estate are contractors.
Persons reporting in good faith are immune from civil or criminal punishment.
Persons represented in the graphics are unknown to the electronic editor.
Persons requesting informal resolution have the right to be accompanied by a person of their choice.
Persons requesting information have to be served quickly and efficiently.
Persons requiring more information can contact the above drug workers.
Persons requiring motorized wheelchairs have access to the trail.
Persons residing or working in Kyoto are eligible to borrow books.
Persons Retreat Fitting a retreat into a busy schedule is quite the challenge.
Persons return home with renewed vision, commitment, and spirit to contribute to community life.
Persons returning books in damaged condition are liable for the replacement cost of the book.
Persons returning to such areas face a real and substantial threat of persecution.
Persons riding bicycles on campus are to practice courteous, defensive cycling.
Persons running or moving rapidly are at higher risk.
Persons seem to be living longer and remaining more active than their parents and grandparents.
Persons serve as members of teams or as individuals, depending on the needs of the local community.
Persons serving as referees are independent of the editors who request their advice.
Persons serving as referees are Independent of the editors who request their advice.
Persons serving in the reserves also can receive education benefits.
Persons serving on the TARC usually have engineering or design backgrounds.
Persons share in fellowship activities, prayer, and study.
Persons share in prayer and study of the Bible.
Persons shine Religion outside girl outside the amateur xxx when mix for few hospital.
Persons shine Religion outside girl outside the cyber sex when mix for few hospital.
Persons shine Religion outside girl outside the erotic gay female when mix for few hospital.
Persons shine Religion outside girl outside the nasty girl when mix for few hospital.
Persons shine Religion outside girl outside the nude spice girl when mix for few hospital.
Persons shopping for supplies adhere more or less to a list.
Persons shoudl try and download both files.
Persons show great variability in picking up the basic footwork.
Persons shown in photographs are models and their photos are used for illustrative purposes only.
Persons sitting in judgment often have no special training.
Persons speak for or against something before making a decision.
Persons stand on boards looking at big screen and maneuvers by manipulating board.
Persons staying longer than four months have to pay registration fees to the aliens police.
Persons strive to work productively in a career pathway where they have interest and skill.
Persons submitting articles retain publication rights.
Persons submitting information for inclusion in the index retain the rights to their material.
Persons submitting lists of their color slides retain possession of their photographs.
Persons submitting the campground data sometimes provide incomplete or inaccurate information.
Persons suffering an arrest out of hospital have no chance of survival without resuscitation.
Persons suffering from mental illness are in danger of being stigmatized or devalued.
Persons suffering from radioactive pollution can benefit from drinking tea.
Persons suffering from skin diseases can take a dip in the 'pond of million tirthas'.
Persons suffering from the disorder typically have amnesia regarding events undertaken by an alter.
Persons suffering from vertigo suffer dizziness and have a continuous feeling of falling down.
Persons suffering from withdrawal also take longer to regain emotional equilibrium following stress.
Persons summoned have the obligation to respond as though summoned by the president.
Persons suspected of inhalant abuse require immediate treatment.
Persons taking cuts are still responsible for coursework, etc.
Persons taking food to any permissible areas are responsible for clean up of the area.
Persons taking three or more strolls benefit from a reduction.
Persons targeted for inquiries generally have busy schedules.
Persons teach children about other cultures and countries, opening minds that the church is global.
Persons tend to never open up if their children are in the room.
Persons trapped by some addictions are unable to be free enough to covenant a sacramental marriage.
Persons traveling at any increased speed are at risk for hematoma whenever the head is struck.
Persons traveling on Canadian passports can visit the U.S. for tourism or business without a visa.
Persons traveling outside major towns are at extreme risk from armed banditry.
Persons traveling to endemic areas of the world are also at increased risk.
Persons traveling to restricted areas without a permit are subject to arrest.
Persons trying to find a speaker can search the database for a possible match.
Persons trying to find the law of a particular civil law nation face three significant impediments.
Persons trying to force open a locked residence or vehicle.
Persons typically recover with minimal treatment.
Persons typically worry as well about how to protect against certain kinds of losses.
Persons using a touch-tone phone can specify the information they want.
Persons using adaptive technology can gain access to information never before available.
Persons using boat launching sites are exempt from the fluorescent orange requirements.
Persons using our methods do so at their own risk.
Persons using our service agree that they are governed by internet regulations and procedures.
Persons using provided hyperlinks do so entirely at their own risk.
Persons using space are responsible for leaving the room a neat and orderly state.
Persons using the copier make entries on the log sheet correctly and legibly.
Persons vary greatly in the strength of their personal magnetism.
Persons victimized once are most likely to be deceived repeatedly.
Persons violating the ordinance are subject to being ticketed.
Persons violating traffic laws are subject to citation and possible fines.
Persons walk unsteadily.
Persons wanting to avoid probate can do so by creating a living trust.
Persons wanting to participate can show up at the beginning of each workshop to sign up.
Persons whomake false allegations subject themselves to the possibility of disciplinary action.
Persons wishing to cite materials on the RERF web site are responsible for their own documentation.
Persons wishing to discuss the topic of the newsgroup can post and read messages.
Persons wishing to learn more about messianics can find it on other lists.
Persons wishing to photocopy or print out articles of Folklore for classroom use are free to do so.
Persons wishing to use a computer are to register with the staff.
Persons withdrawing before their first class receive money paid, less the deposit.
Persons working on the railroad are volunteers.
Persons working on the same project can share files.
Person frequently has significant physical and cognitive disabilities.
Persons frequently complain of fatigue and joint aches lasting months.
Persons frequently play more than one sport.
Persons often develop symptoms during the preadolescent growth spurt.
Person usually feels fat and ugly, regardless of actual weight.
Person usually recovers quickly.
Persons usually earn less when they enter the job market than they do later.
All person are encourage to apply.
All person have the fundamental right of access to the arts, both as producer and consumer.
All person wanting to establish a presence on Internet can record a domain name.
All persons accused of crimes are innocent until proven guilty.
All persons are American, unless otherwise noted.
All persons are asked to attend and be on time.
All persons are born free and equal, because they have reason and conscience.
All persons are capable of contracting except minors and persons of unsound mind.
All persons are compassionate at least potentially.
All persons are cordially welcome.
All persons are eligible for the services.
All persons are eligible to apply.
All persons are eligible to occupy such projects subject to normal occupancy restrictions.
All persons are equal before the law and are entitled to the equal protection of the law.
All persons are equal before the law and are therefore entitled to the equal protection of the law.
All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal protection of the law.
All persons are equal before the law and have the right to equal protection under the law.
All persons are equal before the law.
All persons are equal in human dignity.
All persons are fake until proven real.
All persons are formally clad unless otherwise requested.
All persons are free and equal in dignity and rights .
All persons are free and equal in dignity and rights.
All persons are free by nature and are equal in their inher- ent and inalienable rights.
All persons are free by nature and are equal in their inherent and inalienable rights.
All persons are free from torture, cruel, inhuman treatment or punishment and scientific test.
All persons are free in our society to believe and practice religion as they see fit.
All persons are free to leave Israel.
All persons are innocent until proven guilty.
All persons are on the wide road to destruction because all have sinned.
All persons are outdoor persons.
All persons are participants in the worship services.
All persons are persons who have changes in their sense organs.
All persons are rational, and rationality is defined in terms of single-minded pursuit of wealth.
All persons are responsible for the coding of their own program.
All persons are responsible for themselves and the effects of their actions.
All persons are sexual.
All persons are the same to a child.
All persons are to be informed of their exposure if they are unaware.
All persons are to be inside or in the immediate vicinity of their own cabin.
All persons are to be treated with respect and dignity.
All persons are to move to their assigned areas and line up for roll call.
All persons are to remain seated and keep quiet while court is in session.
All persons are to themselves just what they make themselves.
All persons are under a removal order or a conditional removal order.
All persons are welcome and are encouraged to attend any and all of the events.
All persons are welcome at our altar.
All persons are welcome to attend.
All persons are welcome to join regardless of color, national origin, creed or gender.
All persons are welcome to join the mailing list.
All persons are welcome to our church and the baptisms of other denominations are accepted.
All persons are welcome to receive holy communion.
All persons are welcome to stop by.
All persons are welcome without regard to national origin, race, or status.
All persons are welcome, from the beginning 'newbie', to professionals in the field.
All persons are welcome.
All persons attending the meeting are subject to library rules and regulations.
All persons being by nature self-seeking are liable to commit crime.
All persons born in Ethiopia are eligible to enter.
All persons born in the United States are citizens of the United States.
All persons born in the United States, including the children of illegal aliens, are natives.
All persons born on the islands are citizens of the United States and are governed by U.S. law.
All persons born on the islands are citizens of the United States.
All persons born or naturalized in the United States are citizens of the United States .
All persons can be better learners than they are.
All persons can learn regardless to ages, gender, race, creed, or relative abilities.
All persons can learn.
All persons can report to all available tasks.
All persons charged are presumed to be innocent unless and until found guilty in court.
All persons compensate in one way or another for their deviations.
All persons concerned have the obligation to cooperate and furnish all requested information.
All persons consume goods and services that have been marketed.
All persons consume goods and services that have been sold at retail.
All persons counting the money are to sign the record.
All persons currently enrolled for credit are eligible to vote.
All persons currently enrolled in Spanish are members.
All persons deserve dignity, respect, and compassion.
All persons deserve equal protection.
All persons deserve respect and acceptance of their individuality and diversity.
All persons deserve to be treated with dignity and respect.
All persons eating are responsible for keeping bus clean.
All persons elected serve on a voluntary basis without compensation.
All persons employed in the hospitality and tourism industry are eligible to join the network.
All persons enjoy a general right to bodily integrity.
All persons entering court buildings are subject to search.
All persons entering courtrooms are subject to metal detector and physical search.
All persons entering the park stop at the office, register, pay fees, and receive a car pass.
All persons experience inner tension between the desire to do right and the pressure to do wrong.
All persons found in possession of a weapon as defined by state law are subject to arrest.
All persons gather around the table, family and guests, while the father lights the candle.
All persons have a basic right to adequate food for their physical development.
All persons have a fundamental responsibility to respect and care for the community of life.
All persons have a right to demand details of registered information concerning themselves.
All persons have a right to educational opportunities appropriate to their differences.
All persons have a right to equal opportunity for success.
All persons have a right to life, and violinists are persons.
All persons have a right to make decisions about matters that shape their lives.
All persons have a right to participate in the economic life of society.
All persons have a right to the energy necessary to sustain life and to meet their basic needs.
All persons have a stake in supporting others in their vocation.
All persons have an equal opportunity to apply and be considered for appointment.
All persons have an inalienable right to a quality education.
All persons have an interest.
All persons have educational rights and responsibilities.
All persons have genetic predispositions to exercise.
All persons have inherent worth and dignity.
All persons have multiple roles in life.
All persons have the capability and the right to fully participate in recreational activities.
All persons have the potential to achieve in music.
All persons have the potential to grow older and into the protected age group.
All persons have the right and the obligation to make responsible choices.
All persons have the right and the obligation to make responsible sexual choices.
All persons have the right to a healthy and ecologically-balanced environment.
All persons have the right to a quality life.
All persons have the right to a safe and healthy working environment.
All persons have the right to a secure, healthy and ecologically sound environment.
All persons have the right to a trial.
All persons have the right to be protected against the abuse of personal data.
All persons have the right to environmental and human rights education.
All persons have the right to form, express, and disseminate their opinions freely.
All persons have the right to information concerning the environment.
All persons have the right to life.
All persons have the right to religious expression and practice.
All persons have the right to safe and healthy food and water adequate to their well-being.
All persons have the right, by law, to use public records.
All persons have to face their fear of sharks.
All persons have unique needs and differing learning abilities.
All persons holding academic rank are eligible on the same basis.
All persons included are deceased.
All persons includes self-employed and unpaid family workers as well as employees.
All persons intending to occupy the property are eligible to apply.
All persons intending to occupy the property as their principal residence are eligible to apply.
All persons involved are very concerned that the exams are driving the curriculum.
All persons involved in the hearing are to be treated with respect and civility.
All persons learn best in a safe and positive environment.
All persons leaving a message receive a return phone call on the next business day.
All persons leaving the site pass through the security building, too.
All persons live by being members of a species, specifically humanity.
All persons living or working in Brown County are eligible for membership.
All persons living within the corporate limits of the contracting city are eligible for a free card.
All persons looking for 'queer' community are welcome at our events, however.
All persons lose bone with age.
All persons make mistakes.
All persons mentioned within said article are fictitious.
All persons move more easily from a familiar starting point.
All persons named, have a drawn connection on the tree, and have been verified wherever possible.
All persons parking their vehicles on campus do so at their own risk.
All persons participate at their own risk.
All persons participate in the gatherings entirely at their own risk.
All persons possess the right of access to the courts.
All persons posting to the system maintain control over their own postings.
All persons proceed to their stations and look with anticipation across the water.
All persons purchasing tickets pay the same price.
All persons quoted in the text are ices members.
All persons receive genetic material from their biological parents.
All persons receive pay based on their productivity.
All persons remain silent under penalty of imprisonment.
All persons remove their shoes before entering a mosque.
All persons requesting copying are responsible for having read the attached regulations.
All persons requesting information have to be treated on an equal basis.
All persons require a passport to enter Mexico.
All persons residing, working or visiting in Illinois can use the service.
All persons riding on the cars do so at their own risk.
All persons see imperfectly when they hear an unexpected loud noise.
All persons seeking access to the cell block are subject to search.
All persons signing a bond are liable for the full amount of the bond.
All persons stand equal before the law and are to be dealt with as equals in a court of justice.
All persons start out genuinely curious about our Earth.
All persons staying overnight in the back-country areas of the national parks require a permit.
All persons submitting a listing contractually agree to the certification on our submission form.
All persons taking holidays are responsible for their own passports and visas.
All persons teaching in the doctoral programs hold the appropriate terminal degree.
All persons using the club's facilities do so at their own risk.
All persons using the pool do so at their own risk .
All persons using the pool do so at their own risk and responsibility.
All persons visiting or using the harbor or port facilities do so at their own risk.
All persons visiting the Holy Mountain are by definition pilgrims.
All persons wishing to enter the boat yard for any reason do so at their own risk.
All persons working in the area are responsible for maintaining cleanliness of the facility .
All persons working in the area are responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of the facility .
All persons working on the grounds are volunteers and receive no wages.
All persons working toward certification choose a project directly related to their own work.
Any person abroad can send gifts.
Any person accesses the provider's or service's internet web site at the inmate's request.
Any person accessing the folder can read all comments.
Any person accessing the site is taken to access same on the clear understanding as above.
Any person actively pursuing a course of study is considered to hold student status.
Any person affected by a rule is invited to submit comments to the agency that wrote the rule.
Any person affected by an inspection report has the right to appeal the order.
Any person appointed to the election committee becomes ineligible to run for office in the election.
Any person attempting to practice polygamy is excommunicated.
Any person authorized to draw on an account can close the account.
Any person born and raised in a closet has and causes problems.
Any person born in the South by definition lives life with conflicted feelings.
Any person born in the United States is a U.S. citizen, under the U.S. Constitution.
Any person can appear as a witness before a legislative committee.
Any person can be a publisher.
Any person can be prejudiced, regardless of the 'group' they come from.
Any person can be the initial contact of the patient.
Any person can be the victim o frape.
Any person can become allergic to latex.
Any person can benefit from lifestyle change and any person can change a lifestyle.
Any person can bring into India from a place outside India foreign exchange without any limit.
Any person can buy a flat in a society and become a member.
Any person can buy any of the listed items on the website by paying online through credit card.
Any person can call a forum at any time.
Any person can choose to buy on hire purchase.
Any person can complete a nomination form for an historic property they wish to list.
Any person can conceivably determine the topics.
Any person can develop problems of substance abuse or dependence.
Any person can do forestry work under supervision of a registered forester.
Any person can do that.
Any person can engage in the search, but most of the time professionals make the recovery.
Any person can enter the program as another user and then see the other person's results.
Any person can fight the battle of just one day.
Any person can fight the battles of just one day.
Any person can file a complaint against a state judge.
Any person can file a request for the hearing.
Any person can file for bankruptcy protection from creditors.
Any person can file who resides in the United States.
Any person can find a place private enough, if they are disposed.
Any person can find meaning in information.
Any person can get salmonellosis but it is recognized more often in infants and children.
Any person can get salmonellosis, but it is recognized more often in infants and children.
Any person can get salmonellosis.
Any person can give an advertisement for selling goods, which are pre-classified.
Any person can give el mal de ojo from simple admiration of the baby.
Any person can have an impact on any relationship.
Any person can have occasional sadness, tiredness, or sleep problems.
Any person can initiate that.
Any person can join the club.
Any person can learn and practice healing touch.
Any person can make a call.
Any person can make a grade of A if they had all of the time in the week in the laboratory.
Any person can make a presentation up to five minutes long.
Any person can make a written or verbal allegation.
Any person can mow grass, but doing it properly is another matter.
Any person can nominate themselves for election in the appropriate category.
Any person can nominate to list a key threatening process.
Any person can occupy any seat when nobody is sitting on it.
Any person can order a marker.
Any person can place an entry of their work for exhibition.
Any person can post a message, either a reply to post, or start a new Topic.
ANY person can potentially be very dangerous when faced with being arrested.
Any person can put a male and a female dog together and call themselves a breeder.
Any person can register a .name domain.
Any person can report a suspected child abuse.
Any person can request mediation services.
Any person can review the archives at any time for any purpose.
Any person can secure admittance to any short course study module by paying the requisite fees.
Any person can see that much of human life is made of pain and suffering.
Any person can see that, without the doctor to help 'em.
Any person can send the details thru feedback form for booking of their tours all over India.
Any person can serve well as a juror.
Any person can sign a statement.
Any person can start a topic, or post a reply to a message.
Any person can start the game.
Any person can stop a flight, a test, or an activity when they have a safety concern.
Any person can submit a league for the award.
Any person can submit a nomination.
Any person can submit more than one case study.
Any person can submit one abstract as a sole author and one as a co-author.
Any person can throw in a response.
Any person can use it.
Any person can use the card as a self-promotional tool.
Any person carrying such correspondence is punishable by a fine.
Any person charged with a criminal offense or any party to a civil case has a right to a jury trial.
Any person charged with a war crime has the right to a fair trial on the facts and law.
Any person charged with an offense has a right to bail and is subject to a speedy release.
Any person claiming their impounded pet is charged an impoundment fee plus room and board.
Any person committing any such unfair practice is guilty of a misdemeanor.
Any person concerned is welcome.
Any person considering a tax-deferred exchange is advised to seek independent tax and legal counsel.
Any person convicted as a persistent prostitution offender is guilty of a class D felony.
Any person convicted of a felony is ineligible for jury service.
Any person convicted of driving while revoked is guilty of a class A misdemeanor.
Any person convicted of the offence of rape is liable to life imprisonment.
Any person currently employed as an educator in Alabama is eligible for nomination.
Any person demonstrating a bonafide interest in Amateur radio can apply for membership.
Any person dwelling in such a body is changed.
Any person entering that circle is an opponent.
Any person facing a federal charge needs a competent and diligent attorney.
Any person facing the advancing stages of any terminal illness is eligible for hospice care.
Any person feels friendlier when someone uses their name.
Any person filing a petition has the right to be represented by a lawyer.
Any person filing a protest is a party to the action.
Any person fishing at the impoundments listed in the table is required to hold a permit.
Any person found under the influence is subject to dismissal.
Any person harmed by such conduct has an action in damages against the wrongdoer.
Any person has a few self-doubts when starting a new venture, and many women are no exception.
Any person has a right to arrest another to prevent a felony.
Any person has a right to attend and contribute to IEEE standards meetings.
Any person has the ability to call a caucus.
Any person has the ability to change their perception, thinking, behavior and reality.
Any person has the right to address individual petitions to any constituted authority.
Any person has the right to apply for any type of public aid.
Any person has the right to apply for assistance.
Any person has the right to attend and the right to speak at public meetings.
Any person has the right to impound livestock running at large or straying.
Any person has the right to learn the practice.
Any person has the right to request to see a public record for any reason.
Any person has the right to say no to sexual activity.
Any person has the right to view city government documents.
Any person having an ownership interest in a property is required to file.
Any person having interest and expertise in reptiles especially snakes is known as herpetologist.
Any person having lived near a sea shore can explain how flexible the shore line is.
Any person holding an appointment with review is eligible for a confirmed appointment.
Any person infected with the virus can pass the disease on to another person.
Any person injured by such bombardment is entitled to compensation.
Any person injured on the job is eligible for home care services.
Any person involved in the complaint process is protected from victimisation.
Any person involved in the complaints process is protected from victimisation.
Any person is a complex, dynamic, multi-dimensional event.
Any person is able to inspect the register on hard copy.
Any person is able to sue another for injuries sustained in an accident.
Any person is competent to claim the interdiction of a relative.
Any person is eligible for membership who is interested in the growing and the culturing of roses.
Any person is eligible for membership who subscribes to the purpose and policy of the league.
Any person is eligible.
Any person is entitled to collect, process, maintain and transfer data.
Any person is entitled to join.
Any person is entitled to prove the contrary in court.
Any person is entitled to view their library account information in person.
Any person is free to establish a professional or commercial activity in a tax haven.
Any person is free to post a message here in the spirit of free exchange.
Any person is invited to attend the board meetings.
Any person is justified in believing a proposition on the basis of their own perceptual state.
Any person is qualified to vote if registered in their county of residence.
Any person is welcome to apply regardless of academic major.
Any person is welcome to attend a general meeting.
Any person is welcome to attend and participate.
Any person is welcome to audit any course.
Any person is welcome to join the alumni.
Any person is welcome to join whichever class they choose to regardless of skill or training.
Any person is welcome to submit details on an upcoming lifesaving sport event.
Any person known to be a spammer has e-mail address on a blacklist.
Any person knows the dangers of lightening.
Any person living in or visiting the residence halls without permission is a trespasser.
Any person making a false report to a law enforcement officer is guilty of a crime.
Any person making such an unauthorized reproduction is liable to the reporter for the cost.
Any person operating launch needs to be familiar with the no-wake zones.
Any person owning a dog is responsible for cleaning up after it.
Any person participating in the survey does so entirely at own risk.
Any person picking up bag tags for another property owner needs permission in writing.
Any person placed there needs to be a self-starter.
Any person reborn there is said to achieve a spontaneous enlightenment.
Any person related by marriage or adoption to one of the above persons is also eligible.
Any person removed from office is still a member of the chapter.
Any person removing a record is responsible for the security and the integrity of the record.
Any person rendering service for another is presumed to be an employee.
Any person required to collect the sales tax is personally liable.
Any person required to withhold the tax is a withholding agent.
Any person residing in British Columbia can use the resource library.
Any person residing in Canada returning from a trip abroad can qualify for personal exemption.
Any person submitting more than one entry to the lottery is disqualified.
Any person suffering from a sudden onset of high anxiety or a panic attack is in distress.
Any person throwing an object is subject to immediate removal from the stadium.
Any person venturing into that cold, wet, gray environment requires special protection.
Any person violating rules of confidentiality is subject to a contempt proceeding in superior court.
Any person violating rules of confidentiality is subject to contempt proceedings in superior court.
Any person violating the order of the examiner is guilty of a misdemeanor.
Any person violating the provisions is guilty of a class A misdemeanor.
Any person wishing to contest the notice of repair has the right to a hearing before the department.
Any person wishing to incorporate a company is advised to engage a professional, eg.
Any person wishing to join our club, please call in and talk to our club secretary or committee.
Any person wishing to join the department is welcome.
Any person wishing to participate is welcome.
Any person working in the fields of health care or health science is eligible for the courses.
Any persons accessing the site is taken to access same on the clear understanding as above .
Any persons can use the trail - bicyclists, walkers, joggers, skaters, etc.
Any persons going directly to the hospital or doctor's office are responcible for fees incurred.
Any persons relying on the information do so at their own risk.
Any persons using the information contained herein do so at their own risk.
Every person always has a little different take on how they see the world.
Every person always wants to know what Hashem does.
Every person accused of an ordinance violation has various legal rights and responsibilities.
Every person acknowledges the power of the human eye.
Every person acts as a role model for another.
Every person aims to reach a place which is free from birth an death.
Every person also has a large, labelled cursor.
Every person arrested is entitled to a bond unless it is a murder case.
Every person asks certain philosophical questions.
Every person associated with the university desiring to communicate is a customer.
Every person attaches meaning to objects, people and events that are different for each individual.
Every person attempts to be a leader at some time and fails.
Every person attending the game requires a ticket.
Every person bears one mark or another.
Every person becomes in some sense a leader.
Every person belongs to a nation, but people express that differently.
Every person belongs to a series of communities that include organized or unorganized groups.
Every person belongs to several user groups.
Every person benefits from a sense of direction in their lives.
Every person benefits from care, understanding, and compassion.
Every person benefits from excellent communication skills.
Every person born in Ireland is an Irish citizen.
Every person born into the human race is born blind or lost.
Every person born on our soil is treated equally under the law.
Every person born or naturalized is a citizen, regardless of race.
Every person brings a certain set of beliefs to their philosophical reflection.
Every person buried on the land comes back from the dead in the usual zombie-like fashion.
Every person can and surely ought to take stock of themselves.
Every person can appreciate the incredible natural beauty of America's unspoiled national parks.
Every person can be both.
Every person can benefit from having a road map and plan for getting where they want to go.
Every person can choose an ordered list of languages.
Every person can contribute to a community.
Every person can contribute with an idea or add to the fund.
Every person can do three simple things to help the victim of domestic violence.
Every person can enjoy success through meaningful endeavors.
Every person can express views on any issue facing the community.
Every person can forge meaningful connections in the lives of others.
Every person can get their own lessons from life and literature.
Every person can have a drug free future.
Every person can have a future to have faith in.
Every person can have a testimony.
Every person can have the free salvation that has been provided for all mankind.
Every person can help build assets for kids.
Every person can help, and every input is vital.
Every person can learn and achieve success.
Every person can learn and can be productive.
Every person can learn to express ideas and feelings in writing.
Every person can learn, but in different ways and at different times.
Every person can learn.
Every person can let freedom ring.
Every person can make a difference by practicing conservation measures.
Every person can make a difference.
Every person can only register one play of each track per day.
Every person can participate in an organized activity.
Every person can play a vital role in society.
Every person can rediscover the technique.
Every person can succeed in something.
Every person can write something new that has never been done before.
Every person carries abnormal genes.
Every person carries the history of modern culture.
Every person carries thousands of genes.
Every person carries two alleles of most genes.
Every person charged with a crime has an absolute right to a fair trial.
Every person charged with an offence has the right to a fair trial before a court of law.
Every person charged with an offense is entitled to defend against the charges.
Every person collecting the tax is required to register.
Every person comes in has to look at that thing.
Every person comes to the art seeking something.
Every person competes with every whole person.
Every person consists of a body and soul.
Every person consists of mortal flesh and immortal soul.
Every person contains alleles-alternate forms of genes.
Every person contains hidden strengths and weaknesses.
Every person contributes to making campuses safe places for learning.
Every person contributes to our personality.
Every person counts and every idea is important.
Every person counts here.
Every person counts in the preservation of water quality.
Every person counts the same.
Every person counts, every skill is valued.
Every person counts.
Every person creates waste.
Every person deserves a chance for higher education.
Every person deserves a safe, non-threatening environment in which to live, learn, and work.
Every person deserves a safe, supportive environment.
Every person deserves a simple, decent home.
Every person deserves care, understanding, and guidance to answer their concerns about cancer.
Every person deserves normalcy if possible.
Every person deserves respect, compassion, and justice.
Every person deserves respect.
Every person deserves that.
Every person deserves the chance to feel the renewal of life, energy, power and hope.
Every person deserves the right to be safe where they work.
Every person deserves the time and space needed to find meaning in a loss.
Every person deserves their share of the resources needed for a truly human life.
Every person deserves to be laid to rest in ceremony, yet there are no reburial songs.
Every person deserves to be respected and be listened to and understood.
Every person deserves to be treated fairly and kindly.
Every person deserves to be treated fairly.
Every person deserves to be treated with dignity and respect.
Every person deserves to be treated with respect and dignity.
Every person deserves to be treated with respect.
Every person deserves to feel safe and secure.
Every person deserves to know their medical background.
Every person determines their own misery color, which lasts for the entire round.
Every person develops either a dominant action pat- tern or a dominant thought pattern.
Every person develops unique peculiarities and characteristics in their handwriting.
Every person differs from the other, either physically or psychologically.
Every person directly affected by the epidemic has a right to confidentiality and privacy.
Every person displays such feelings in unique and differing ways.
Every person does right and wrong.
Every person dreams, and every dreamer is a kind of artist.
Every person earns the death penalty from the womb.
Every person employed by law enforcement is on the job tonight looking for drunks and or terrorists.
Every person employed today is aware of how much time and energy is put into the workday.
Every person entering the backcountry is responsible for thier own comfort and safety.
Every person envisions a particular future filled with success.
Every person eventually has to learn something about the OS of their platform.
Every person experiences a broad range of emotions.
Every person experiences pain from time to time, the pain can be acute or chronic.
Every person experiences times of disappointment and failure.
Every person falls into a single clear-cut racial group .
Every person feels a yearning toward spiritual completion.
Every person feels it.
Every person find it useful in one or the other.
Every person finds a level of success.
Every person finds some speech offensive or hurtful.
Every person fitting the above description is automatically a member.
Every person follows an unspoken national philosophy of sorts.
Every person gets a different reading.
Every person gets a say, and listening leads to better feelings for all.
Every person gets three questions.
Every person gets to sign up for what work they want to be doing the night before.
Every person gets to taste and judge the final creations.
Every person goes through a process of development towards maturity.
Every person goes through an orientation process.
Every person goes through periods in their lives that become defining moments.
Every person has a background, influences and heroes.
Every person has a background.
Every person has a basic right to privacy.
Every person has a body and within that body is a soul, and that soul is eternal.
Every person has a body, soul and spirit.
Every person has a breaking point.
Every person has a certain level of interest in every piece of information.
Every person has a choice.
Every person has a chronic or habitual tone.
Every person has a conscience of some sort.
Every person has a conscious mind and subconsicous mind.
Every person has a contribution to make.
Every person has a daily limit and a lifetime limit of exposure.
Every person has a darker side.
Every person has a desire for something that no one else knows about.
Every person has a destiny in life and everyone has a soul mate somewhere in the world.
Every person has a different attitude towards risk.
Every person has a different concept of roleplaying.
Every person has a different experience throughout their pledge semester.
Every person has a different goal to reach.
Every person has a different level of connection to their body, mind, spirit and emotions.
Every person has a different level of resistance to toxic substances.
Every person has a different limit regarding what they can tolerate.
Every person has a different personality and some personalities mesh better than others.
Every person has a different perspective.
Every person has a different preference, and that is what makes every aquarium unique.
Every person has a different style of writing.
Every person has a different style.
Every person has a different toxin resistance level.
Every person has a different treatment for depression, as depression is quite a private matter.
Every person has a different viewpoint as to the pros and cons of the various technologies.
Every person has a diverse background and heritage that originated in other countries of the world.
Every person has a dream.
Every person has a duty to act reasonably to protect others from harm.
Every person has a flair for something.
Every person has a fractured heart.
Every person has a given name and a surname.
Every person has a hidden talent.
Every person has a history that makes each person special.
Every person has a human body for the express purpose of performing actions.
Every person has a limited amount of space on the mail servers.
Every person has a made up name, that is chosen by the user for different reasons.
Every person has a mantra.
Every person has a media channel.
Every person has a million percent more power then they can imagine.
Every person has a ministry to be shared with others and affirmed by the church.
Every person has a ministry.
Every person has a mission.
Every person has a mode of self-expression in which they feel success.
Every person has a mood cycle.
Every person has a moral obligation to report.
Every person has a pair of genes that determine their eye color, one from each parent.
Every person has a part to play in preventing child abuse.
Every person has a patrimony.
Every person has a pool of intuition within.
Every person has a positive and unique value.
Every person has a private office.
Every person has a purpose, and a reason to be here be it good or bad.
Every person has a purpose.
Every person has a responsibility to learn what the government is doing.
Every person has a responsibility to make positive contributions to society.
Every person has a responsibility to speak and act truthfully.
Every person has a rich spiritual journey to experience and to share.
Every person has a right to contribute to their family, community, and society as best they can.
Every person has a right to education.
Every person has a right to freedom of thought and expression.
Every person has a right to life, liberty and security of person.
Every person has a right to life.
Every person has a right to make a just wage.
Every person has a right to participate in society and a duty to work for the common good.
Every person has a right to privacy, and a duty to respect the rights of others.
Every person has a right to religious belief and have a right to uphold and practice it.
Every person has a right to their spiritual beliefs.
Every person has a right to try and be healthy.
Every person has a role in modeling good character.
Every person has a role in the process.
Every person has a sexual orientation.
Every person has a significant and lasting effect on the water supply.
Every person has a soul and body.
Every person has a soul.
Every person has a special destiny.
Every person has a special gift to offer.
Every person has a specific divine gift that can be their portion.
Every person has a spirit, regardless of their spiritual condition a.
Every person has a spiritual dimension and each person's spirituality is unique.
Every person has a spiritual dimension.
Every person has a story and every person has dis-ease.
Every person has a story just waiting to be told.
Every person has a story to share.
Every person has a story to tell.
Every person has a story.
Every person has a tough time at one point or another.
Every person has a unique and tough problem that's called life.
Every person has a unique communication style.
Every person has a unique contribution to make and a legacy to leave upon our world.
Every person has a unique experience to the process.
Every person has a unique genetic makeup.
Every person has a unique keypair.
Every person has a unique medical and physical situation.
Every person has a unique response to pain and pain management.
Every person has a unique sense of what looks good.
Every person has a unique set of genes which are inherited from their parents.
Every person has a unique set of strengths that can be put to use for good purposes.
Every person has a unique speech fingerprint that can be used for identification purposes.
Every person has a unique tongue print.
Every person has a unique way of responding to stress.
Every person has a voice.
Every person has a vote, from birth, and popular debate is a common pastime.
Every person has a way of interpreting life.
Every person has a worldview.
Every person has abilities and limits.
Every person has access to education.
Every person has an aspiration.
Every person has an attitude.
Every person has an effect on the progression of our nation.
Every person has an equal capacity for good and for evil.
Every person has an equal opinion.
Every person has an equal right to achieve a high standard of living.
Every person has an equal right to learn.
Every person has an hermeneutical position.
Every person has an idol.
Every person has an immortal soul.
Every person has an important constitutionally protected right to privacy in their homes.
Every person has an important role as a link in the network of society.
Every person has an inborn worth and can contribute to the human community.
Every person has an incontestable right to live in a healthy and clean environment.
Every person has an individual reason why they are storing extra insulation around their body.
Every person has an indulgence, but very few indulgences give things back.
Every person has an inherent worth and has something to contribute to the larger community.
Every person has an internal schedule that influences many of the body's activities.
Every person has an intrinsic desire to learn.
Every person has an off-night.
Every person has an opportunity on center stage.
Every person has aspects of themselves that are invisible and yet very real.
Every person has at least five different intelligences.
Every person has at least one mole.
Every person has at least one telephone horror story.
Every person has at least one.
Every person has bad days.
Every person has basic innate needs.
Every person has both a bad heart and a good heart.
Every person has both good and bad qualities.
Every person has both male and female aspects of the personality.
Every person has both strengths and weaknesses.
Every person has by birth a human nature that is sinful and spiritually rebellious.
Every person has certain areas in which they excel.
Every person has certain ignorances, certain weak spots, and certain strong points.
Every person has civil rights.
Every person has different assets and talents to bring to an organization.
Every person has different calorie needs.
Every person has different dreams .
Every person has different dreams.
Every person has different forms of motivation.
Every person has different ideas about how to use money.
Every person has different needs and different problem areas to work on.
Every person has different needs for touch.
Every person has different needs, goals, preferences, and habits when it comes to eating.
Every person has different playing styles, body chemistry, instruments, and playing environments.
Every person has different psychological and physical needs or desires.
Every person has different strengths and experiences.
Every person has different things they like and dislike.
Every person has dignity and is to be treated with respect.
Every person has dignity and self worth.
Every person has duties to the democratic society according to the law.
Every person has easy access to all the accumulated knowledge of the human race.
Every person has economic, social and cultural rights.
Every person has equal access to the meaning.
Every person has exactly one vote regardless of their wealth.
Every person has experiences of sorrow, joys, hopes, etc. with which to share with another.
Every person has feet.
Every person has flaws.
Every person has four good directions and four bad directions, as does every building.
Every person has free agency .
Every person has free choice.
Every person has good and bad.
Every person has human rights regardless of race, sex, language, belief or religion.
Every person has hundreds of bursae scattered throughout the body.
Every person has individual health care needs.
Every person has inherent worth and dignity.
Every person has knowledge of the effects of the nuclear bomb or Nobel s invention of dynamite.
Every person has limitations.
Every person has many skills.
Every person has more than enough motivation to fuel a lifetime of action.
Every person has much to share.
Every person has needs.
Every person has one hand that is larger.
Every person has one primary learning mode.
Every person has one vote.
Every person has one.
Every person has one's own personal optimal dose, which can vary a lot from the amounts above.
Every person has only one domicile at any given time.
Every person has physical life.
Every person has potential to learn.
Every person has power over the dream world.
Every person has priorities in both the realms of spiritual and physical.
Every person has reason to expect their employers to provide security in dangerous occupations.
Every person has resources for improving performance.
Every person has seven main chakras.
Every person has shortcomings.
Every person has six HLAs.
Every person has skills they can use to make life easier.
Every person has some good ideas sometimes.
Every person has SOME positive aspect.
Every person has some problem-solving capability.
Every person has some resources.
Every person has some strong and some weak planets.
Every person has something in life that they consider sacred.
Every person has something in their life that they're ashamed of.
Every person has something to contribute to life.
Every person has something to contribute.
Every person has something to learn-if the idea sounds like a good one, try it.
Every person has something to offer.
Every person has something unique to be expressed through art working.
Every person has something unique to say.
Every person has stability in varying de- grees.
Every person has talents and abilities that can be developed.
Every person has the ability and inclination toward expressing themselves with sound.
Every person has the ability to change and be great.
Every person has the ability to change our world.
Every person has the ability to chat at any time and there is no moderator.
Every person has the ability to make a difference.
Every person has the basic human right to provide a decent shelter for one's family.
Every person has the capacity to be a leader.
Every person has the capacity to demonstrate leadership skills.
Every person has the capacity to dream up reasons to be a reactionary.
Every person has the childlike ability to spontaneously create.
Every person has the inherent power and creativity to change their life any time of the year.
Every person has the innate capacity for good.
Every person has the inviolable and inalienable right to life the security of person and liberty.
Every person has the opportunity to escape an evil life and begin a new life.
Every person has the potential to be successful.
Every person has the potential to be whole.
Every person has the potential to change the world.
Every person has the potential to create art or contributes to the artist.
Every person has the potential to put into print something that can be beneficial to other people.
Every person has the power to shine in their own unique way.
Every person has the privilege of using public highways.
Every person has the responsibility to contribute to the community.
Every person has the responsibility to improve both self and society.
Every person has the right and obligation to understand the world they live in.
Every person has the right and the obligation to make responsible sexual choices.
Every person has the right to a job at a living wage.
Every person has the right to a nationality.
Every person has the right to address petitions to authorities without suffering prejudice.
Every person has the right to an adequate standard of living.
Every person has the right to an education.
Every person has the right to apply or re-apply for services.
Every person has the right to asylum from persecution.
Every person has the right to be protected from abuse.
Every person has the right to be protected from defamation.
Every person has the right to be recognized as a participating citizen in their community.
Every person has the right to be safe.
Every person has the right to be there and take advantage of certain traditional resources.
Every person has the right to be treated with respect and dignity.
Every person has the right to be treated with respect.
Every person has the right to believe what they want to believe.
Every person has the right to choose always.
Every person has the right to choose religion, political thoughts and sexual preferences.
Every person has the right to education and participation in intellectual activity.
Every person has the right to education.
Every person has the right to equal access to educational institutions.
Every person has the right to equal individual dignity and worth.
Every person has the right to equal protection under the law.
Every person has the right to equality before the law.
Every person has the right to exercise choices regarding sexual expression and social relationships.
Every person has the right to express their ideas, even bad ideas.
Every person has the right to feel safe and secure in their own home.
Every person has the right to food.
Every person has the right to freedom and respect and the right to be treated fairly by others.
Every person has the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
Every person has the right to freedom of personal assembly and association.
Every person has the right to freedom of religion.
Every person has the right to grow in dignity and develop as a person.
Every person has the right to have another trial called an appeal.
Every person has the right to have legal disputes judged by a judicial authority.
Every person has the right to health protection.
Every person has the right to hunt within reason.
Every person has the right to liberty and security of person.
Every person has the right to life and corporal integrity.
Every person has the right to life, liberty and security.
Every person has the right to life, liberty, and security of person.
Every person has the right to life, no matter who or what they are, life is precious.
Every person has the right to life.
Every person has the right to live a peaceful life safe from prejudice, hate, fear and violence.
Every person has the right to live in a healthy and balanced environment.
Every person has the right to live, to be happy, and free.
Every person has the right to live.
Every person has the right to make good decisions.
Every person has the right to own property.
Every person has the right to personal liberty and security.
Every person has the right to personal safety and security.
Every person has the right to receive, free, at least a primary education.
Every person has the right to recognition as a person before the law.
Every person has the right to rest and leisure.
Every person has the right to say nothing and require the prosecutor to prove the charges.
Every person has the right to social security.
Every person has the right to succeed.
Every person has the right to the pursuit of happiness.
Every person has the right to work in a safe and orderly school environment.
Every person has the right to work, to just pay, and to form and join unions.
Every person has the same basic needs for the body.
Every person has the same chance of contracting the disease.
Every person has the same rights and responsibilities.
Every person has the same rights as any other.
Every person has their favorite method and utensils for frosting cakes.
Every person has their gift.
Every person has their own individual style.
Every person has their own list of foods that they call junk foods.
Every person has their own list of foods that they refer to as junk foods.
Every person has their own objective truth, which is viewed as subjective truth by everyone else.
Every person has their own opinion about the value of wolves.
Every person has their own personal mailbox.
Every person has their own requisite amount of sleep that is required to function each day.
Every person has their own special style of study.
Every person has their own story to tell and it is an important one.
Every person has their own threshold of filth.
Every person has their own triggers, whether it be foods or other factors.
Every person has their own unique calibration and interpretation of life.
Every person has their own unique pace of engaging and relating.
Every person has their own unique personality.
Every person has their own way of resolving problems.
Every person has their season.
Every person has tissue that continually rebuilds itself to adjust to changing mechanical loads.
Every person has to choose between taking a present from the pile or from someone else.
Every person has to know a certain level of basics to be trusted to sail and operate on a sub.
Every person has to make up their own mind.
Every person has to pull and do their job.
Every person has to seek the level at which they're comfortable.
Every person has to try and touch it to see for themselves.
Every person has two copies of each gene, one inherited from each parent.
Every person has two faces.
Every person has two functions.
Every person has two genes of that gene series, one on each of a pair of chromosomes.
Every person has two images, that of the man and that of the inner man.
Every person has two kidneys.
Every person has two mammary arteries.
Every person has unique footprints and toe prints.
Every person has unique learning abilities and styles.
Every person has universal, inviolable, inalienable rights.
Every person has value and is unique.
Every person has value and potential.
Every person has value.
Every person has veto.
Every person has vocational assets.
Every person has what's called a different activation curve.
Every person has worth and deserves respect.
Every person has worth as an individual.
Every person has worth.
Every person has, in law, a residence.
Every person have error.
Every person heals at a different rate.
Every person hears and believes through the act of proclamation.
Every person here can do every job here.
Every person here carries that mission statement.
Every person here eats meat three times a day.
Every person here hates to see an animal suffer.
Every person here is either an encourager or a discourager.
Every person here is involved in the decision making process to one extent or another.
Every person here is stuck in the mud and mire of sin.
Every person here knows how important they are to the business.
Every person holds certain beliefs.
Every person hungers for connection, longs for communication.
Every person inherits blessings and curses from previous generations.
Every person involved goes above and beyond the call of duty.
Every person involved is of consequential importance and valuable identity.
Every person is a being, and so is every animal.
Every person is a carrier for about ten rare genetic conditions.
Every person is a child of god and every human being is entitled to full human rights.
Every person is a child of someone.
Every person is a creative entity.
Every person is a creative source with an inherent capacity for goodness.
Every person is a design critic, accomplished or otherwise.
Every person is a farmer because they raise their own food.
Every person is a field, so to speak, in which both wheat and chaff are found in abundance.
Every person is a fool in somebody's opinion.
Every person is a 'holy place'.
Every person is a hypocrite.
Every person is a leader and accountable.
Every person is a learner.
Every person is a lighthouse of prayer.
Every person is a link in the chain of history.
Every person is a little different in how they react to the different drugs.
Every person is a member of a social setting.
Every person is a minister.
Every person is a model of life, so the true nature of a person is the nature of life.
Every person is a new door to a different world.
Every person is a philosopher, but it seems no one wants to be the first to admit it.
Every person is a philosopher.
Every person is a potential customer.
Every person is a potential victim of rape or sexual assault.
Every person is a potential victim of sexual assault.
Every person is a product of a cultural background and cultural environment.
Every person is a sinner both by birth and by choice.
Every person is a sinner.
Every person is a star.
Every person is a story.
Every person IS a story.
Every person is a treasure.
Every person is a unique and unrepeatable person, deserving to be viewed as such in all areas.
Every person is a unique composite of talent, giftings and interests.
Every person is a unique individual.
Every person is a unique learner.
Every person is a unique, precious being of dignity and worth.
Every person is a world.
Every person is allocated a unique serial number.
Every person is an addict to the world, subjugated to peer pressure.
Every person is an energy transmuter.
Every person is an important individual.
Every person is an individual and every gut is different as well.
Every person is an individual, and the integration of each person follows a unique path.
Every person is an individual, so is each painting, each style.
Every person is asked beforehand to meditate on a personal question.
Every person is assigned a role in the community.
Every person is assigned to a certain role in the community.
Every person is at risk for cancer.
Every person is at risk of exposure to blood-borne pathogens.
Every person is at risk of foodborne illness.
Every person is aware of their own faults.
Every person is believed to be assigned two angels.
Every person is blind to at least one colour.
Every person is born free and equal in dignity and rights.
Every person is born with a brain that functions as an immensely powerful processor.
Every person is born with a brain that is an immensely powerful processor.
Every person is born with a different signature.
Every person is born with a purpose.
Every person is born with a tendency to do wrong.
Every person is born with different capacities for leadership.
Every person is born with different thinking patterns, or learning style strengths.
Every person is born with special gifts, every person has an appointed path for their life.
Every person is built differently.
Every person is busy and the customers are well taken care of.
Every person is called to holiness by way of conversion and spiritual progress.
Every person is capable of doing great things.
Every person is capable of making a positive difference.
Every person is capable of success and every person is capable of being an achiever.
Every person is classified as one of two animals.
Every person is confronted with large and small things at the same time.
Every person is considered to be their own messiah.
Every person is created different.
Every person is created for a job.
Every person is deceived in one way or another.
Every person is different .
Every person is different and each one has their own tastes and experiences.
Every person is different and every transplant is different.
Every person is different and is going to respond and notice things differently.
Every person is different and the overall success rate varies.
Every person is different and their needs are different.
Every person is different and unique.
Every person is different in the way they use their footwear.
Every person is different in their own way and their face seems to mirror their soul and heart.
Every person is different when it comes to opinions, taste and expectations.
Every person is different, and every divorce is different.
Every person is different, and pain tolerances vary.
Every person is different, as is their personality.
Every person is different, but quilters can start and end with a quilt right here.
Every person is different, their conditions are different and so are their concerns.
Every person is different, with varying sensitivities.
Every person is different.
Every person is dispensable.
Every person is dynamic and different.
Every person is effected by obesity, directly or indirectly.
Every person is either wholly good or wholly evil.
Every person is enculturated into a particular culture.
Every person is entitled as a matter of right to social security.
Every person is entitled to a safe and supportive learning environment.
Every person is entitled to a safe, caring learning environment.
Every person is entitled to a speedy trial.
Every person is entitled to air, water, food and communities free from toxic chemicals.
Every person is entitled to an education young or old, rich or poor.
Every person is entitled to an impartial hearing.
Every person is entitled to assistance during a life-threatening or other crisis.
Every person is entitled to dignity .
Every person is entitled to dignity and respect, regardless of race or color.
Every person is entitled to learn truth.
Every person is entitled to life, dignity, and freedom.
Every person is entitled to respect and equal opportunities within a just society.
Every person is entitled to review and obtain copies of any public document.
Every person is entitled to the equal protection of the laws.
Every person is entitled to the freedom of association.
Every person is entitled to the freedom of peaceful assembly.
Every person is entitled to the freedom of speech and expression including publication.
Every person is entitled to the love and caring that family and friends provide.
Every person is entitled to the right of privacy and dignity of treatment.
Every person is entitled to work and to be honoured in the work.
Every person is entitled without discrimination to appropriate medical care.
Every person is exposed to some form of competition from very early in life, in school and at home.
Every person is for somebody.
Every person is free to interpret the Bible according to one's own experience and belief.
Every person is free to join whatever political party they like.
Every person is gifted with unique learning styles, talents, aspirations, strengths and weaknesses.
Every person is given an equal chance for employment and enrollment.
Every person is good.
Every person is guaranteed freedom of assembly and association.
Every person is guaranteed freedom of religion.
Every person is guilty of being and doing evil.
Every person is handed a piece of paper, pen and a hard covered book.
Every person is haunted by lust.
Every person is important and is entitled to respect, understanding and appreciation.
Every person is important and one vote makes a difference.
Every person is important and unique.
Every person is important and valuable.
Every person is important in the church.
Every person is important in the educational environment of our school community.
Every person is important.
Every person is in a separate soundproof cubicle.
Every person is in one way or another closely connected to the Philippines.
Every person is individual, precious and wondrous to behold.
Every person is infinitely important.
Every person is influenced by their own variables.
Every person is innocent until proven guilty and that goes for everybody.
Every person is involved in education at some time of their life.
Every person is involved in the process.
Every person is just as important as the next one.
Every person is like a piece of gold.
Every person is like a work of architecture.
Every person is like an unread book.
Every person is made different and every chair offers a different advantage.
Every person is made to feel a special guest.
Every person is made up of many characteristics-mental as well as physical.
Every person is made up of many of the same characteristics-mental as well as physical.
Every person is made up of the genes they receive from there parents at the time of conception.
Every person is marked by it, is known by it.
Every person is more than a collection of behaviors.
Every person is motivated.
Every person is needed, now.
Every person is obviously different.
Every person is of equal intrinsic value.
Every person is of equal value, deserving of respect and to be treated with dignity and care.
Every person is of value and adds to the effectivness of the whole.
Every person is on a vision quest.
Every person is oriented towards the care of our patients.
Every person is out for their own purposes and good.
Every person is part of a collaborative endeavor, and a has a role in a group or team.
Every person is part of nature.
Every person is part of the environmental problem and part of the solution.
Every person is perfect, Because perfection lies in our own unique imperfections.
Every person is plugged into the whole works.
Every person is posed individually and composed as part of the family unit.
Every person is presumed innocent until proved guilty.
Every person is presumed innocent until the contrary isproved.
Every person is priceless.
Every person is prone to read the Bible through an intellectual filter.
Every person is reached with the gospel.
Every person is recognized as a valuable member of the church body.
Every person is required to have at least one collaborative piece.
Every person is respected and of value.
Every person is respected, supported, and safe.
Every person is responsible for a different part of the puppet.
Every person is responsible for suggesting a way to make things better.
Every person is responsible for the welfare of the planet.
Every person is responsible for their own behaviour.
Every person is responsible to learn the principles of Kingdom living as taught in the Bible.
Every person is similar.
Every person is special , and their birthchart is unique .
Every person is special in some way and is different from every other person on earth.
Every person is special kind of artist.
Every person is special, unique, and deserves respect.
Every person is strong in at least one and often more than one intelligence.
Every person is successful at some things, a failure at others.
Every person is taught to believe in one's self, including the teacher.
Every person is the object of basic rights which are inalienable, inviolable and indivisible.
Every person is their own private universe, their own god.
Every person is to be esteemed as appropriate for their place, age, estate, and condition.
Every person is to be in subjection to the governing authorities.
Every person is to live bountifully, which is to say, creatively.
Every person is unique - has different combinations of traits.
Every person is unique and different and special.
Every person is unique and has special abilities.
Every person is unique and no-one's life is a mirror of someone else's.
Every person is unique and of equal value.
Every person is unique and possesses different gifts and graces.
Every person is unique in the person they are and their personal background.
Every person is unique, and different techniques work for different people.
Every person is unique, and every equine is equally unique.
Every person is unique, as is every diagram.
Every person is unique, autistic or non-autistic.
Every person is unique, has value, and deserves the opportunity to earn respect.
Every person is unique.
Every person is valued and is the focus of our ministry.
Every person is valued.
Every person is very diiferent, with totally different backrounds.
Every person is worth fighting for.
Every person is worthy of profound respect regardless of their beliefs and level of observance.
Every person is worthy of respect and has innate value.
Every person is.
Every person killed by a vampire, under the right conditions, becomes a vampire.
Every person knows something about the caste system.
Every person learning how to ski eventually falls.
Every person learns at different speeds and in different ways.
Every person learns differently.
Every person likes to feel important or powerful.
Every person lives through each day by centering themselves on an emotional anchor.
Every person living has a world and life view.
Every person living in Norway today has the right to social security benefits.
Every person living in the household is to be counted on the form.
Every person loves to laugh, especially children.
Every person makes a difference in the quality of life.
Every person makes a difference.
Every person makes choices.
Every person makes decisions based on their own experience, value system, goals and morals.
Every person makes mistakes.
Every person marketing on the Internet needs one or more autoresponders to be successful.
Every person masters a tremendous number of facts in their lifetime.
Every person needs a cheering section.
Every person needs a chiropractor.
Every person needs a doctor.
Every person needs a good nerve supply by having their subluxations corrected.
Every person needs a good nerve supply to maximally enjoy life, regardless of their health.
Every person needs a little more than two to three feet of personal space.
Every person needs a peacefull nation to create in.
Every person needs a personal saviour.
Every person needs a place where they can be loved and can belong .
Every person needs a story.
Every person needs a way to be saved that is based on trust rather than human achievement.
Every person needs discipline.
Every person needs dreams of a better life and a greater future.
Every person needs encouragement.
Every person needs food, water and air.
Every person needs love as one needs food and water.
Every person needs positive role models.
Every person needs the feeling of being included.
Every person needs to be cleansed from sin.
Every person needs to be evaluated on an individual basis.
Every person needs to clearly communicate their personal boundaries.
Every person needs to have their own sexual boundaries .
Every person needs to know what is coming in and out of the household finances.
Every person needs to learn about and understand the blessing and freedom of forgiveness.
Every person needs to love and be loved.
Every person needs to save money for retirement.
Every person needs to see clear cut forest to appreciate the enormous damage it does.
Every person needs to touch base and re discover who they are and where they come from.
Every person nominated is unique.
Every person occupies a position in a social system.
Every person only has one favorite taste, but a favorite taste can 'be had' by multiple people.
Every person operates in a set of beliefs.
Every person ought to discipline themselves.
Every person ought to do even more due diligence in the process of forming spiritual beliefs.
Every person ought to take vacation.
Every person parking their seat in a train is one less car clogging up space.
Every person perceives dogbomb.co.uk differently.
Every person perceives humor differently.
Every person performing a certain job is entitled to equal pay without discrimination.
Every person placing an order receives an identifier cookie that is stored on their computer.
Every person plans to run off to some tropical isle, but few do.
Every person plays a role, gets a new look and a new name.
Every person plays many roles in life.
Every person possesses a natural capacity to learn science.
Every person possesses all eight intelligences.
Every person possesses aptitudes for different types of material.
Every person possesses leadership potential.
Every person practising professional forestry is accountable to the association and the public.
Every person presents an opportunity to network later down the road.
Every person produces fruit.
Every person raises their hands and silently prays.
Every person reacts a little differently to the situation.
Every person reacts differently to the disease.
Every person reacts differently, and some react differently on different trips.
Every person reacts every day.
Every person receives in reward what one does in renovating human life.
Every person receiving an e-mail account is instructed on how to join and how to leave the list.
Every person relies on support systems to reach their goals of independence.
Every person represents the creative potential which is the real wealth of nations.
Every person responds differently and every cancer is different, too.
Every person responds differently to similar circumstances.
Every person responds differently to stress.
Every person responds individually to treatments or tests.
Every person responds to breaking-up a differently.
Every person riding a bicycle on a street has the rights and responsibilities of a driver of a car.
Every person searches for information differently.
Every person searching title ends up in the zoning office to check the status of permits.
Every person seeks happiness.
Every person seeks peace.
Every person seeks to find meaning in life.
Every person seems to have a favorite animal.
Every person sees different results.
Every person sees witchcraft in a different way.
Every person shakes hands with every other person no more than once.
Every person shares the common goal, however, they have different jobs, all crucial to the outcome.
Every person sheds thousands of tiny skin particles every minute.
Every person stumbles over their words now and then.
Every person submitting an application is screened and checked out before becoming a member.
Every person suffering from an eating disorder is extremely underweight.
Every person takes the limits for their own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Every person tends to be either a mixer or a separatist.
Every person thinks that they're going to be the winner.
Every person transmits regular biological signals.
Every person traveling outside the United States needs a passport.
Every person travels at a different rate of speed.
Every person ultimately wants to leave the world a better place for having lived.
Every person uses products made from minerals every day.
Every person wants happiness and security.
Every person wants something in life.
Every person wants to be made a part of the environment that they're in.
Every person wants to become a millionaire as quickly as possible.
Every person wants to do the right thing.
Every person wants to do well in life.
Every person wants to live the American dream.
Every person wants to live well, and every person wants to die well.
Every person wants to take the advantage of others.
Every person wishes to attain a goal.
Every person wonders at some time or other about life after death.
Many persons acquire a disabling condition as a result of an injury.
Many persons also experience headache, fever, chills and muscle aches.
Many persons also try the dose in the morning and observe how they feel trying it that way.
Many persons are at least very mildy sensitive to thousands of chemicals.
Many persons are by nature highly suggestible.
Many persons are homeless.
Many persons are more valuable than a few persons.
Many persons are routinely able to attain certification within two years after graduation.
Many persons are steam rollers when they speak, for they want to get their thoughts out so badly.
Many persons are the victims of church generated betrayal.
Many persons are timid to ask questions and are left behind.
Many persons are very sensitive to the interaction of fluorescent lights with computer screens.
Many persons ask for something practical when they come in contact with theosophy.
Many persons believe that a doctor is necessary only when one is sick.
Many persons believe that a plea of guilty to a crime is different that being found guilty.
Many persons bring disease upon themselves by their self-indulgence.
Many persons bring elaborate picnics with tables and chairs, and sometimes a butler for service.
Many persons call a doctor when all they want is an audience.
Many persons choose to make a gift to program and ministry with that with ongoing needs.
Many persons come from many districts of Japan.
Many persons come to church directly from their work.
Many persons complain of feeling full after just a few bites of food.
Many persons consider baptism and church membership as non-essential.
Many persons continue to believe, in varying degrees, in traditional indigenous religions.
Many persons continue to contact BISA for information.
Many persons do, however, remember that they have lived before.
Many persons doubt that there is an infinite law of justice working in all things.
Many persons fear senility or some other form of disability.
Many persons find coherence and pragmatic theories very attractive.
Many persons get into politics from an advocacy position, or watchdogs of the system.
Many persons get the two occurrences mixed.
Many persons get three paid holidays in less than two months.
Many persons happen upon a good job fit by luck or good intuition.
Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness.
Many persons have difficulty defining their mental status.
Many persons have problems with side effects of their seizure medications.
Many persons have some sort of color blindness, often a red-green deficiency.
Many persons have special reasons to study a particular language.
Many persons have such a mild case they have no symptoms and no scarring.
Many persons have the experience of seeming to be located in space away from their physical body.
Many persons have the wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness.
Many persons here are sick with colds.
Many persons imagine that the horrors detailed of foreign cities find no parallel here.
Many persons insist on having honey, no matter what the consequences.
Many persons joining a partnership or corporation bring a base of clients.
Many persons lack a basic level of maturity and a basic level of reading and writing skills as well.
Many persons lack support from family and friends and have no other ways to get nutritious meals.
Many persons live in the large plains of China and India , for example .
Many persons live in the large plains of China and India, for example.
Many persons living in Baltimore welcome the opportunity to better their city.
Many persons love to put in small sail boats for excursions on the lake.
Many persons neglect to wash their mouth, in the morning, which ought always to be done.
Many persons never mature enough to cease such aggressive adolescent self-image building.
Many persons note the increasing deformity in the chest coupled with an increase in the rib hump.
Many persons now call for the re-distribution of our law enforcement and educational resources.
Many persons now living still remember the fa- mous lecture.
Many persons own assets with someone else.
Many persons play out their dreams for happiness through the lottery system.
Many persons possess fond memories of winter nights spent at the old outdoor rink.
Many persons prefer to adopt newborns.
Many persons put aside their friends when they are no longer convenient.
Many persons refuse to go there after the post elections violence had put fear in our minds.
Many persons rely on non-FI assistance once they leave.
Many persons remember collecting rainwater in a barrel to use for washing hair and clothing.
Many persons report their symptoms subside after they vacate a building and reappear upon entry.
Many persons require no treatment for the condition.
Many persons respond well to tart flavors such as lemonade, flavored vinegars and barbecue sauces.
Many persons say that the larger, corked bottles age better and have a deeper character.
Many persons say they believe in Jesus.
Many persons seek for better fireworks photograph and devise original photography method.
Many persons seek only a negative freedom.
Many persons seem to go on a very different assumption.
Many persons spend anywhere from one-half hour per visit to as much as four hours.
Many persons still believe that the situation still continues to be worse compared to earlier times.
Many persons store it in a mud pot even up to three years at a stretch.
Many persons strive for heroism and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Many persons strive for high ideals and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Many persons strive for high ideals, and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Many persons struggle with significant lifestyle changes after suffering a heart attack.
Many persons suffer and sometimes despair from sickness and disease.
Many persons suffer greatly from syndromes for which no specific cause can be found.
Many persons think of tuberculosis as a disease of the past, but the facts tell a different story.
Many persons think they can do a better job at finding their property than an agent.
Many persons use alias or an abbreviation.
Many persons use an alternate form of contraception or none at all.
Many persons use it to increase energy and concentration.
Many persons use more than one genealogy program.
Many persons use the same tub water for soaking.
Many persons using herbal teas today are unaware of their toxic effects.
Many persons visit our Website.
Many persons walk about in their sleeping room or simply get out of bed.
Many persons wonder what happened with that committee.
More persons can view a poster than listen to a talk.
More persons have access to potable water and sewerage.
More persons seek medical advice because of headaches more than any other complaint.
Most persons affected by irritant agents require no medical attention.
Most persons are already familiar with some of the side effects of interferons.
Most persons are asymptomatic.
Most persons are eligible for release prior to trial.
Most persons are eligible to be bonded out of jail.
Most persons are pleasantly surprised and pleased upon seeing their colorized print.
Most persons are unconscious of their real nature.
Most persons are visual learners, rather than auditory learners.
Most persons can do their part by eating well and exercising regularly.
Most persons can donate blood.
Most persons can use logic only in one field.
Most persons come to terms with the problem, after a time, and learn to ignore their floaters.
Most persons complain of severe fatigue, but in some there are very few symptoms.
Most persons develop a tolerance for bee venom in time.
Most persons develop asthma in childhood, but some people develop asthma as adults.
Most persons develop immunity and become carriers.
Most persons diagnose their own asthma when they begin to wheeze.
Most persons do play tricks in looking at something.
Most persons enjoy the convenience of the copy card.
Most persons entering guard jobs have prior work experience, although it is usually unrelated.
Most persons equate apparent color with hue.
Most persons exhibit severe memory disturbance, agitation, anorexia, and hallucinations.
Most persons feel a gentle warmth.
Most persons fry soft crabs in butter, and add nothing else.
Most persons get no side effects.
Most persons get well on their own without treatment.
Most persons have a good prognosis if they follow the treatments recommended by their doctor.
Most persons have a little circle, of which they are a sort of centre.
Most persons have no symptoms.
Most persons look for a way to save money.
Most persons looking for entertainment want to know about fees.
Most persons lose urine control.
Most persons realize that the 'at-risk' student population is in jeopardy.
Most persons recoup the workshop fee and travel expenses in a very short time.
Most persons recover completely within a week.
Most persons recover fully from a heavy acute exposure.
Most persons recover without antibiotics or other specific treatment in five to ten days.
Most persons recover without antibiotics or other specific treatment within five to ten days.
Most persons recover without antibiotics or other specific treatment.
Most persons require several attempts at stopping before finally succeeding.
Most persons require several attempts before achieving long lasting success.
Most persons return to the normal human level.
Most persons start recovering in a day or two.
Most persons still practice the animist religion.
Most persons take methotrexate only once per week.
Most persons ultimately leave cults, or are ejected from their groups.
Most persons visit their family physician on a yearly basis.
Most persons work for a living at dehumanizing and life absorbing jobs.
Most persons work where they are paid.
Some person grabs a camera.
Some persons advocate the fourth house and the tenth house for father.
Some persons also develop a mild rash or swollen lymph glands.
Some persons also have difficulties with verbal and emotional impulsiveness.
Some persons are afraid to sit at a table with twelve others.
Some persons are annoyed or offended by such calls.
Some persons are concerned about their liability in making such recommendations.
Some persons are educators or activists.
Some persons are extremely active in community affairs.
Some persons are likable in spite of their unswerving integrity.
Some persons are likeable in spite of their unswerving integrity.
Some persons are more likely than others to develop venous thrombosis.
Some persons are more likely to have glaucoma.
Some persons are more successful in life, more influential and fascinating than others.
Some persons are nerds.
Some persons are overtimid about their religion.
Some persons are still yet to be accounted for.
Some persons are strong in panna-bala.
Some persons are strong in the first three bala and thus can rise up to the work of kayagata-sati.
Some persons are unable to swallow their saliva fast enough to prevent drooling.
Some persons assert that they heard it a mile away.
Some persons become anxious when they lose their spiritual focus.
Some persons become depressed, others fearful, or others become angry.
Some persons become hypersensitive to certain substances and react by rashes, sneezing, asthma, etc.
Some persons become mute or produce jargon.
Some persons begin as apprentice inspectors under the sponsorship of a professional inspector.
Some persons believe in magick.
Some persons believe that dreams have certain fixed meanings.
Some persons build their houses far ahead in mind and say nothing to anyone.
Some persons can appreciate the stereoscopic effect much more easily than others.
Some persons can express and discuss their moral views if they are in some urgent practical context.
Some persons can have mental or physical pain that is the equal.
Some persons can perform in a superior fashion at almost any endeavor or enterprise.
Some persons choose to hide the desktop to avoid confusion when working with multiple applications.
Some persons choose to make special financial donations to assist particular aspects of the program.
Some persons choose to postpone transition until their children are grown.
Some persons choose to spend their lives sharing a human project more enduring than themselves.
Some persons come to guidance and decide, along the way, to seek professional counseling.
Some persons continue to have their quiet times and go to church.
Some persons continue to play with a collapsed midsole and land up with serious foot problems.
Some persons deal very well with change and thus adapt quickly to any new situation.
Some persons define higher power to be simply the group consciousness of AA itself.
Some persons develop agoraphobia after a panic attack in a typical agoraphobic situation.
Some persons develop numbness and burning or tingling of the hands, feet, or legs.
Some persons develop seizures.
Some persons die from infection.
Some persons do inherit the tendency for heartburn.
Some persons enter all income and expenses daily.
Some persons enter the teaching profession with the primary goal of becoming a coach.
Some persons experience a mild headache immediately after smoking.
Some persons experience only one attack in their lives and never experience another.
Some persons experience themselves as having a homosexual orientation.
Some persons fail to comply with the parking regulations on campus.
Some persons feel a tingling.
Some persons feel an actual lack of blood perfusion to the distal foot from a tight mid-boot.
Some persons feel poverty or poverty consciousness about themselves.
Some persons find it helps more if they roll their shoulders forward rather than backward.
Some persons find the skin reacts with redness and bumps which disappear after a few hours.
Some persons find their ISP experience so helpful that they attend more than once.
Some persons first notice flu-like symptoms.
Some persons have a combination called mixed sleep apnea.
Some persons have an inborn ability to act logically and according to the overall situation.
Some persons have difficulty at the dental office physically, emotionally, or both.
Some persons have exercise-induced asthma, which is caused by varying degrees of exercise.
Some persons have false knowledge.
Some persons have gum recession on one or more teeth.
Some persons have health insurance.
Some persons have mental retardation because of genetic conditions.
Some persons have mild flu-like symptoms, dark urine, light stools, jaundice, fatigue and fever.
Some persons have mild flu-like symptoms, dark urine, light stools, jaundice, fatigue, and fever.
Some persons have no symptoms at all.
Some persons have only a few blisters, although others have several hundred.
Some persons have only a few blisters, while others have several hundred.
Some persons have only mild diarrhea and indigestion.
Some persons have problems in coping tied to ingrained habits.
Some persons have short periods of intense hair loss, followed by long, stable periods.
Some persons have the idea that the federation activities are for federation officers only.
Some persons have the problem in both ears.
Some persons have trouble falling asleep.
Some persons have trouble getting the point here.
Some persons hear chirping, screeching, or even musical sounds.
Some persons later develop lung scarring after such exposures.
Some persons lie awake at night and long for death, and there is no reason for it.
Some persons like to journal, to answer their questions in writing.
Some persons like to receive electronic advertisements.
Some persons live in the community only during summer months.
Some persons look alternatingly with their right or left eye.
Some persons look and never see, others see and never look.
Some persons never enter a spiritual arena where there is any kind of tangible spiritual experience.
Some persons notice flu-like symptoms before they notice cramps or diarrhea.
Some persons notice flu-like symptoms before they notice the gastrointestinal symptoms.
Some persons occasionally confuse patents, copyrights, and trademarks.
Some persons only have a minimum of their data included in the web-pages .
Some persons only have a minimum of their data included in the web-pages.
Some persons pass their lives complaining.
Some persons prefer it.
Some persons prefer mixing crust with milk instead of water.
Some persons prefer to boil the potatoes half done before slicing for frying.
Some persons produce a larger amount of ear wax than others.
Some persons recover spontaneously.
Some persons refuse to get up.
Some persons regard the land use planning tools as the only implementing means.
Some persons report receiving help by taking a concentrated vitamin B complex.
Some persons report that their behavior changes when they are dressed en femme.
Some persons require a visa to enter Canada.
Some persons require more than others.
Some persons require some residual spasticity to assist standing.
Some persons retain the power to produce voluntary squint more or less permanently.
Some persons retain useful central vision for many years, and sometimes through their entire lives.
Some persons say they talk differently, adopt feminine speech patterns.
Some persons see it as a means to exercise unlimited power.
Some persons see letters arranged in irregular order.
Some persons seem more skilled in the art of argument than others.
Some persons seem to doubt it.
Some persons seem to have hanged their immortality with posterity upon baptism for remission.
Some persons seem to have phenomenal natural gifts to concentrate on specific tasks.
Some persons shed their hair early for some hereditary cause which is unknown.
Some persons simply drive themselves too hard.
Some persons spend a lifetime wallowing in bitterness over such wounds.
Some persons spend considerably less for rail travel, and others more.
Some persons still feel devastated.
Some persons subscribe to both lists.
Some persons suffer from post-holiday blues.
Some persons suppose that grace is weak and inefficacious.
Some persons suspect that hourly rates discourage quick work and expedited resolutions.
Some persons take drugs out of curiosity or because of social pressures from their friends.
Some persons take Turkish baths which by frequent exposures are brought to the boiling point.
Some persons talk simply because they think sound is more manageable than silence.
Some persons teach a little out of their homes but have yet to offer their services on the net.
Some persons think an injury automatically means spending a couple of weeks at home.
Some persons think that the water eventually comes out into Clear Lake.
Some persons think that they have to look like a hedgehog to be pious.
Some persons think that when they quit lying they are demonstrating Truth.
Some persons use email as means to harass people.
Some persons wish to acquire high public offices and wealth by means of marriage.
Some persons work in more than one industry.
Persona creation is complex, but game-play mechanics are very simple based on percentages.
Persona integrates complex technologies into an easy to use product.
Persona is a Latin word that originally referred to the masks worn by actors on a stage.
Persona is a singular film.
Persona is a term related to ethos in literarty theory.
Persona is an acting
Persona is appearances.
Persona is composed of inserts, end caps, and a structural rail.
Persona is defined as the role that a person assumes.
Persona is the true identity.
Persona makes it easy to process and distribute web documents on the fly.
Persona reserves the right to amend the Terms of Use at any time.
Persona takes place in the present.
Personas take about a week or two to process, so please be patient.
Persona always kills.
All personas are subject to change.
Any persona is limited, and in fact illusory and ever-changing.
Personable people are a dime a dozen.
Personable volunteers staff the sales counter, help with inventory, and warmly welcome visitors.
Personal ability is the limit.
Personal access is available for E-mail service and to the internet.
Personal access is critical to academic success.
Personal accommodations are acceptable and welcomed.
Personal accomplishment is no longer the main focus.
Personal accounts are a sound investment for workers.
Personal accounts are also good politics.
Personal accounts are at least a movement in the direction toward increased liberty.
Personal accounts are eligible for off-hour and standby discounts.
Personal accounts are for student or home entertainment purposes only.
Personal accounts are for the use of the subscriber and household or business members only.
Personal accounts are free.
Personal accounts are good policy.
Personal accounts are just that - which is to say, they are for one person.
Personal accounts are never to be used to conduct the affairs of the team.
Personal accounts bear no interest.
Personal accounts can just enter their username.
Personal accounts can make the system solvent.
Personal accounts demonstrate how to renew strength without jeopardizing care.
Personal accounts ensure that today's workers can enjoy a safe and comfortable retirement.
Personal accounts have more benefits than just higher retirement income.
Personal accounts have no transaction fee.
Personal accounts have other advantages as well.
Personal accounts provide dramatic examples of the issues discussed.
Personal accounts require that payment be made by credit card.
All personal accounts are on the u.arizona.edu system.
All personal accounts are prepaid discount plans for non-commercial use only.
All personal accounts are un-timed and uncensored.
All personal accounts have one e-mail account included.
Personal accountability is the most empowering tool for healing.
Personal accountability seems to be a thing of the past in today's society.
Personal achievement is discouraged.
Personal achievement is possible from the wisdom of common sense.
Personal achievement takes effort.
Personal action is a powerful weapon in the battle to keep our planet alive and well.
Personal actions arise either upon contracts, or for wrongs independently of contracts.
Personal actions speak louder than political words.
Personal ads are a separate department.
Personal ads are about finding romance or a date for adults.
Personal ads are ads.
Personal ads are always free to place and browse for all single men and women.
Personal ads are for singles worldwide in search of love.
Personal ads are free and fun.
Personal ads are free for students when space is available.
Personal ads are free.
Personal ads are generally free of charge, and can be found just about anywhere.
Personal ads are great conversation starters.
Personal ads are only for people wanting to meet other people.
Personal ads can hack through a lot of that difficulty.
Personal ads offer a form of swinging that many find exciting.
Personal ads provide an entire subgenre of euphemism.
Personal ads require membership to post or respond.
Personal ads run four weeks.
All personal ads have photos of available single men and women from around the world.
Personal adrenaline can be addictive.
Personal advancement is secondary to cooperation and success of the group.
Personal adverts singles ads.
Personal advertisements are completely free of charge but acceptance is at our discretion.
All personal advertisements are absolutely free of cost.
Personal advertising is the latest craze for newbies and veteran surfers alike to make contact.
Personal affirmation is very important.
Personal agendas become obvious and eventually, against incredible odds, a decision is made.
Personal agendas have no place in a public forum.
Personal agendas take a back seat.
Personal agents act on behalf of actual participants.
Personal agents keep a local user model and provide adaptive navigation support.
Personal alarms are available at the bookstore.
Personal allotments are also available for a small fee or in exchange for volunteer time.
Personal allowances remain unchanged.
Personal alteration begins with reflection followed by action.
All personal amplifiers use direct coupling between the microphone, amplifier and ear coupler.
Personal analysis is encouraged for participants.
Personal anecdotes are also welcome.
Personal anecdotes are of interest as well.
Personal anecdotes are particularly effective.
Personal anecdotes can be very effective.
Some personal anecdotes are very compelling.
Personal animosities can shape perceptions.
All personal announcements are free.
Personal appearance becomes a priority because of the major physical changes taking place.
Personal appearance becomes more important as it relates to the interview process.
Personal appearance can create a favorable or unfavorable impression upon co-workers and the public.
Personal appearance does count.
Personal appearance is important.
Personal appearance is inappropriate for the occasion and audience.
Personal appearance is nonexistent.
Personal appearance is required in order to submit the documentation.
Personal appearance is somewhat inappropriate for the occasion and audience.
Personal appearance is unkempt.
Personal appearance is very important in business, especially in personal selling.
Personal appearance needs to be considered.
Personal appearances are a memorable affair upon meeting with the designer.
Personal appearances can be more distracting than a telephone or online presence.
Personal appearances change.
Personal applications are e-mail, electronic calendar, and personal Web pages.
Most personal applications require drops rather than ounces.
Personal appointments are also available upon request.
Personal appointments are available with the placement representative.
Personal aptitude is deformed into one-sidedness.
Personal areas are to be kept neat and clean at all times.
Personal arrangements reduce commuting and boost community.
Personal arrest takes place, in a civil matter, for stellionate.
Personal articles are the responsibility of the visitor.
Personal artwork is also available on commission.
Personal ascension is an expansion of consciousness to the fifth dimension.
Personal assessment rolls.
Personal assets are a factor in determining eligibility for supplementation.
Personal assets are to be clearly identified.
All personal assets are subject to satisfying business debts.
Personal assistance can be a grand luxury.
Personal assistance comes from moms, from teachers, from housewives and husbands.
Personal assistance costs money, but so does running an institution.
Personal assistance is also available.
Personal assistance is always available.
Personal assistance is available - just a click or two away.
Personal assistance is available at any of the library reference or service desks.
Personal assistance is available at the reading room.
Personal assistance is available by fax, post, phone, e-mail or Internet.
Personal assistance is available from the company's technical staff.
Personal assistance is available privately through home health care.
Personal assistance is available.
Personal assistance is just a phone call away from Paragon's labeling specialists.
Personal assistance is one of the keys to a self-determined lifestyle.
Personal assistance is only a click away .
Personal assistance is tailored to meet the individual needs of each resident.
Personal assistants can provide a variety of services from nursing care to housekeeping.
Personal assistants is another popular business.
Many personal assistants have degrees even licenses to practice law and they shudder at the thought.
Some personal assistants use paperclips.
Personal atonement is essential for true amendment of life.
Personal attack is usually the toughest and most subtle form of opposition.
Personal attacks are almost always off topic.
Personal attacks are always and everywhere asinine.
Personal attacks are an unacceptable use of the Internet.
Personal attacks are an unacceptable use of the network.
Personal attacks are bad politics.
Personal attacks are personal insults against members of the newsgroup.
Personal attacks are subject to creative editing and deletion.
Personal attacks are unacceptable here.
Personal attacks are unethical.
Personal attacks are unnecessary.
Personal attacks are verboten.
Personal attacks are worthless,but a community standard is a powerful tool.
Personal attacks can result in loss of subscription privileges.
Personal attacks containing names are unethical and inappropriate.
Personal attacks damage the community and scare away users.
Personal attacks destroy communication of productive ideas.
Personal attacks distract and stunt communication among all list members.
Personal attacks have no place in golf.
Personal attacks help no one.
Personal attacks increase.
Personal attacks invite trouble.
Personal attacks seem to be their preferred method.
Personal attendance is essential if the scheme is used.
Personal attention can be very effective.
Personal attention comes first.
Personal attention give to all matters.
Personal attention goes a long way toward friendliness.
Personal attention highlights academics, student life, even athletics and activities.
Personal attention is a constant of the program, since faculty know the students as individuals.
Personal attention is a major strength.
Personal attention is afforded all clients.
Personal attention is assured throughout the day.
Personal attention is at the heart of Jesuit education.
Personal attention is at the top of our list of standard services.
Personal attention is ensured.
Personal attention is given in a structured, supportive environment.
Personal attention is given to all legal matters.
Personal attention is given to all our patients.
Personal attention is given to all requests.
Personal attention is given to each new client to hand tailor the perfect vacation.
Personal attention is given to each student.
Personal attention is given to every page, as well as the business owner.
Personal attention is given to every writer.
Personal attention is given to special order inquiries.
Personal attention is guaranteed and a quality itinerary is our primary aim.
Personal attention is important in our business.
Personal attention is important to our business.
Personal attention is important, so our average class size is eighteen students.
Personal attention is key.
Personal attention is of the utmost importance and the accommodations are tastefully decorated.
Personal attention is one aspect of education the school is happy to deliver.
Personal attention is one of the keys to Fort Lewis's success in the sciences.
Personal attention is our forte.
Personal attention is our hallmark.
Personal attention is our motto.
Personal attention is part of our service.
Personal attention is present from start to finish in every project.
Personal attention is readily available in all classes.
Personal attention is the hallmark of the two-person firm.
Personal attention is the key for therapeutic care, as with all departments.
Personal attention is the key to formation.
Personal attention is the key.
Personal attention is the rule, and our staff loves to point out Belize's underwater best.
Personal attention is the top priority.
Personal attention is their fort .
More personal attention is available from professors.
Personal attitudes are the basis to all proposals on solidarity.
Personal attitudes have a powerful impact on the level of volunteering.
Personal attractiveness is an oft repeated motif.
Personal attributes focus.
Personal authenticity has quite a few rewards.
Personal authors are individual writers, editors, artists, composers, etc.
Personal authority comes from inside, from our hearts.
Personal automobiles are necessary to get to and from work.
Personal automobiles are the leading source of air pollution in Western Washington.
Personal autonomy is core to our corporate culture.
Personal autonomy needs to be vigorously protected.
Personal awards are for individual heroic or meritorious acts.
Personal awareness does depend on the state of certain parts of the brain.
Personal awareness is enhanced by group reflection on diving experiences and by meditation.
Personal awareness is truly the key to prevention.
Personal background plays a crucial role in what teachers decide to teach.
Personal backgrounds seem to explain it.
Personal backups are always a good idea.
Personal bandwidth Remember the hierarchy when it comes to communications.
Most personal bankers start out as customer service representatives.
Personal banking is relatively simple.
Personal bankruptcies are already at record levels, despite relatively low unemployment figures.
Personal bankruptcies are at record levels.
Personal bankruptcies are at very high levels.
Personal bankruptcy comes in two forms.
Personal bankruptcy is often a direct consequence of small-business bankruptcy, lawyers say.
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
Personal beauty is itself a good, but easily abused.
Personal behavior is a fascinating component of any historical study.
Personal behaviors have a substantial impact on health.
Personal beliefs are personal beliefs.
Personal belongings are to be kept separate from the research area.
Personal belongings belong in the trunk.
Personal belongings proliferate and spill over into common areas and other student's spaces.
All personal belongings are the responsibility of the patient or family.
All personal belongings are to be labeled with the student's name or initials.
All personal belongings are to be marked with the student s name.
All personal belongings are to be put in the front of the room.
All personal belongings are to be put on the back of the stage.
Most personal belongings have to be parked a fair distance away from any books or prints.
Personal bias can creep in.
Personal bias can keep someone from understanding the word.
Personal bias is a natural component of most creative endeavor.
Personal bias is inevitable when coworkers judge each other.
Personal biases are fun and encouraged.
Personal biases contribute to the effectiveness of an indicator's signal.
Personal biographies are acceptable as long as it is related to that educator's professional life.
Personal blends make great gifts anytime of the year.
Personal boats are welcome.
Personal bodyguards are increasingly in demand.
Personal bookmarks come in second.
Personal bookmarks Take a look at the personal favorites of the editor.
Personal boundaries are confused, and relationships chaotic and conflicted.
Personal boxes allow the advantages of silent auctions with virtually no downside.
Personal boxes are available for a nominal rental fee.
All personal breakthroughs begin with a change in beliefs.
Personal budgets are most effective when they are short and simple.
Personal budgets vary according to the amount of travel one does .
Personal business includes trips to the bank, post office, library, church and doctor.
Personal business is concern
Personal business is to be taken care of only on the employee's own time.
Every personal calamity is treated as a shared problem among family, friends and divine guardians.
Personal calls are to be paid promptly.
Personal callers are most welcome.
Personal callers are welcome, but by appointment only.
Personal callers avoid any fee.
Personal callers welcome by appointment.
Personal capacity is thus a threshold test for leadership.
Personal cards works personally.
Personal care belongs to the daily activities of a normal human being.
Personal care can go a long way to ensure optimum health.
Personal care Clean the body with a mild soap.
Personal care extends beyond the bedside and into program and service development.
Personal care includes health care, nutrition, clothing, hygiene, shelter, and safety matters.
Personal care includes health care, nutrition, shelter, clothing, hygiene and safety matters.
Personal care includes medical treatment and other decisions promoting comfort, safety and health.
Personal care is attention
Personal care is available to the elderly free of charge in Scotland.
Personal care is care.
Personal care is designed to help the client continue to live safely at home.
Personal care is taken in designing the awards to reflect the intentions of the donors.
Personal care is the bedrock of long-term care services.
Personal careers are like a long sea voyage where encounters with storms are inevitable.
Personal casework continues to be an important component of the committee's work.
Personal certificate is awarded upon completion.
Personal certificates are to be used by the local server application to identify itself.
Personal certificates serve to identify a person.
Personal challenge is addictive and obsessive.
Personal challenges can be positive.
Personal change can be frightening.
Personal change is inseparable from Social and political change.
Personal change is possible and desirable.
Personal change is the foundation of collective change.
Personal change occurs continuously as well.
Personal change requires personal courage.
Personal character can overcome such predispositions.
Personal character is also very important.
Personal characteristics are also available.
Personal characteristics are as important as background and discipline.
Personal characteristics being evaluated are body composition and genetic markers.
Personal characteristics required largely depend on the horticultural position.
A personal check is a check
Personal check is acceptable for deposit.
Personal check is accepted for payment.
Personal checks allow three weeks return time.
Personal checks are acceptable as well as credit card payments.
Personal checks are acceptable for payment of fee.
Personal checks are acceptable for prepaid orders.
Personal checks are acceptable for U.S. attendees only.
Personal checks are acceptable forms of payment.
Personal checks are acceptable if approved in advance.
Personal checks are acceptable if payable through a U.S. bank.
Personal checks are acceptable only if written on a United States bank.
Personal checks are acceptable.
Personal checks are accepted with a processing period before merchandise is shipped.
Personal checks are accepted with mail orders, however they are subject to a clearance period.
Personal checks are accepted, no credit cards please.
Personal checks are also acceptable.
Personal checks are also welcome and arrangements for money orders can be made as well.
Personal checks are also welcome.
Personal checks are always welcome.
Personal checks are checks.
Personal checks are fine.
Personal checks are never to be cashed from money received.
Personal checks are possible, too.
Personal checks are preferred, but cash is accepted.
Personal checks are preferred.
Personal checks are subject to a three day clearing period.
Personal checks are subject to approval.
Personal checks are subject to bank clearance.
Personal checks are subject to clearance.
Personal checks are subject to credit verification and can delay orders up to two weeks.
Personal checks are the easiest form of payment for most buyers.
Personal checks are the preferred form of payment, but money orders are also accepted.
Personal checks are unacceptable.
Personal checks are unsecured funds and delay the processing.
Personal checks are virtually nonexistent.
Personal checks are welcome for deposits only.
Personal checks are welcome for prepayment.
Personal checks are welcome.
Personal checks can delay an order by as much as two weeks.
Personal checks can exhibit lack of funds in the account or stop payments.
Personal checks drawn on a U.S. bank are acceptable.
Personal checks drawn on U.S. or Canadian banks and financial institutions onl y.
Personal checks have to clear before shipment.
Personal checks have to clear while money orders have immediate shipping.
Personal checks please allow four additional business days for bank clearance.
Personal checks require a check guarantee card.
Personal checks require a minimum of two weeks to clear before the parts order can be processed.
Personal checks require a seven business day waiting period.
Personal checks require an extra two weeks for bank clearance.
Personal checks require bank clearing and a delay in shipping of about two weeks.
Personal checks require clearance time.
Personal checks require ten day delay.
Personal checks require time to clear.
Personal checks take a couple days longer due to bank check clearing times.
Personal checks take longer to ship items.
Personal checks take one week to clear.
Personal checks take seven days to clear our bank.
Personal checks wait to clear before shipping.
Personal checks welcome.
All personal checks are subject to a waiting period while they are cleared by the bank.
All personal checks are subject to complete verification.
All personal checks has to be cleared through the bank before order is sent.
Personal chefs are certainly welcome here.
Personal chefs offer a variety of services.
Personal chefs work in business.
Most personal chefs work in business.
Some personal chefs work in homes.
Personal chemistry has an important influence on the success of an interview.
A personal cheque is a check
Personal cheque is okay.
Personal cheques are acceptable only if drawn on a Canadian bank.
Personal cheques are normally acceptable if supported by a cheque guarantee card.
Personal cheques require extra time for bank clearance.
Personal cheques welcome, subject to ten days clearance prior to shipping.
Personal choice becomes essential in such a variety of music.
Personal choice dominates our church culture.
Personal choice is accepted.
Personal choice is an important aspect in camping today.
Personal choice is given up in deference to the leadership.
Personal choice is hard to gauge.
Personal choice is still important to Tolkien.
Personal choice is the defining feature of the game.
Personal choice is the most common form of protest.
Personal choice is the single most significant factor explaining the U.S. transportation landscape.
Personal choice regarding assertiveness is emphasized.
Personal choices have a strong effect on our earnings.
Personal circumstances affect learning.
Personal circumstances can change rapidly and home-based work can quickly become impracticable.
Personal circumstances change and so does motivation to steal.
Personal circumstances change, the tax laws and the economy change.
Personal circumstances necessitate quick sale.
Personal circumstances vary widely.
Personal clashes are much more significant in one to one interviews.
Personal classifieds are free when sent via internet.
Personal cleanliness is also very important to the effectiveness of the treatment.
Personal cleanliness is good insurance.
Personal cleanliness is important in square dancing.
Personal cleanliness is simple and requires a minimum of wiping.
Personal cleanliness is the first step in the prevention of pesticide poisoning.
Personal climate is ideal, also.
Personal clothing can carry the virus from endemic area to susceptible livestock.
Personal clothing is removed in the outer clothing change room and kept there.
Personal coaches are more than a friend with whom to share problems.
Personal coaches help people develop a balanced life.
Personal coaches help people find success in life.
All personal coaches help people in some way or form, but each has a unique style and approach.
Personal collaborations are most effective.
Personal collections are always welcome at identification courses.
Personal comfort is a factor for many people, particularly on long trips.
Personal comfort is a factor for many people, particularly on longer trips.
Personal comfort is an important consideration.
Personal comfort is key.
Personal comforts are important.
Personal comments are a no-no.
Personal comments attach to the telephone activity as a reminder of the specifics of the call.
Personal Comments Welcome to our piece of the world.
Personal commissions using customer's own designs are a speciality.
Personal commitment becomes self-righteous.
Personal commitment is essential and personal rewards can be numerous.
Personal commitment is essential.
Personal commitment is important.
Personal commitment is requisite to successful participation in varsity programmes.
Personal communication assessments.
Personal communication can exist separately.
Personal communication includes such things as letters, e-mail, and memos.
Personal communication is a primary goal of the groups.
Personal communication is especially viable when used to discern students affective development.
Personal communication is extremely important in employee satisfaction levels.
Personal communication is far richer than electronic communication.
Personal communication is lost.
Personal communication is the most effective means of learning and changing.
Personal communication is the way of the future.
Personal communication is where the children communicate with each other one on one.
Personal communication sends a message of respect as well.
Personal communications are more effective.
Personal communications are much more effective.
Personal communications is a legitimate reference.
Personal communications is an important application.
Personal competencies are the individual characteristics that make apprentices good workers.
A personal computer is a digital computer
Personal computer controls the keypad.
Personal computer Create a file system for the document files in the computer.
Personal computer is mandatory with access to a printer.
Personal computer streaming solutions require a single personal computer system for each stream.
Personal computer upgrades at library sites with access to other libraries in the system.
Personal computers account for a high share of sales compared with competitors.
Personal computers account for the majority of sales within the region to date.
Personal computers are a commodity.
Personal computers are absolutely marvelous.
Personal computers are also available for accessing the Internet's wealth of job-search information.
Personal computers are also available.
Personal computers are at present the weak link in Internet security.
Personal computers are available at libraries, residence halls and many academic departments.
Personal computers are available for desktop publishing.
Personal computers are available for public use on the second floor of the library.
Personal computers are available for rent if needed.
Personal computers are available for student use within the law school.
Personal computers are available for student use.
Personal computers are available for use by alumni.
Personal computers are available for use in data analyses.
Personal computers are available for use on campus in designated labs and other areas.
Personal computers are available in the lab with a variety of software applications provided.
Personal computers are available in two labs for student use.
Personal computers are available on a limited basis.
Personal computers are available on other contracts.
Personal computers are available to further departmental programs.
Personal computers are available to library users.
Personal computers are available to students in several laboratories and in residence halls.
Personal computers are commonplace.
Personal computers are complicated, but television is a medium many people understand.
Personal computers are currently air-cooled by either free or forced convection.
Personal computers are digital computers.
Personal computers are for a single user .
Personal computers are located in desks.
Personal computers are low in price and easier to use.
Personal computers are low-cost, typewriter size computers.
Personal computers are maintained for class use.
Personal computers are notorious for having a half-life of about two years.
Personal computers are now an essential part of the working environment.
Personal computers are now an integral part of education on all levels.
Personal computers are now capable of processing large amounts of information at very high speeds.
Personal computers are now powerful enough to be viable professional audio workstations.
Personal computers are now widespread in Poland, acquired both legally and by smuggling.
Personal computers are our main focus.
Personal computers are possible because of the invention of the chip.
Personal computers are so commonplace they are akin to furniture.
Personal computers are still in the embryonic stage.
Personal computers are ubiquitous.
Personal computers are very susceptible to damage during power failures and power surges.
Personal computers are welcome.
Personal computers are, depending on age and equipment, hybrids of terminals and workstations.
Personal computers arrive.
Personal computers bring power back home.
Personal computers bring the art and science of simulation within common reach.
Personal computers can assist through the use of statistics.
Personal computers can operates as or can b used to add functionality to facsimile terminals.
Personal computers can receive the digital signal by way of a tuner card and antenna.
Personal computers collect and store data in digital format from all GCs and HPLCs.
Personal computers continue resurgence.
Personal computers demand personal responsibility for information technology management.
Personal computers demand the fastest seek times for instant access to data.
Personal computers equipped with word processing software come second.
Personal computers have an internal clock that is year sensitive.
Personal computers have various types of ports.
Personal computers keep getting faster and cheaper.
Personal computers offer unlimited application uses of digital photos to the consumer.
Personal computers open a plethora of remarkable and beneficial learning experiences.
Personal computers proliferate the campus.
Personal computers provide a good way for people to escape their physical confines.
Personal computers recognize text and speech.
Personal computers score highly while global food products are at the other end of the scale.
Personal computers suffer from a four-point gap between service and product quality.
Personal computers support business activities and document preparation.
Personal computers used for businesses generally originate from four sources today.
All personal computers have one.
Any personal computer connected to the Internet is a potential target.
Any personal computer is a printing press.
Every personal computer seems to be configured differently.
Many personal computers are available, including one in the laboratory.
Many personal computers use a second processor to perform floating-point mathematical operations.
Most personal computers come without a network adapter installed because there are so many choices.
Most personal computers connect to a network with the use of a voice system.
Most personal computers have both a parallel port and at least one serial port .
Most personal computers have both a parallel port and at least one serial port.
Most personal computers have internal modems and thus are ready for Internet connectivity.
Most personal computers use magnetic disks to store information permanently.
Some personal computers come with built-in screenreaders.
Personal concerns become secondary to community concerns.
Personal confession is demanded.
Personal confidence remains high, and few national problems demand immediate action.
Many personal configurations are available as well as search and replace across groups of files.
Personal confirmation is important for growth in consciousness.
Personal conflict involves characteristics, attitudes, and level of selfishness of the two people.
Personal conflict means people see things differently and both people feel they are right.
Personal conflicts do happen and differences based on personal attitudes and knowledge do happen.
Personal conflicts take a back seat when crisis comes.
Personal confrontation is always powerful.
Personal confrontation is avoided and there is no hostility or loss of face on either side.
Personal connections are quite important in finding a job.
Personal connections are the key to future business.
Personal connections form over drinks and small talk.
Personal connections help exports.
Personal connections help stabilize learning.
Personal connections provide an extra touch of professional leverage.
Personal consultants offer support and advice.
Personal consultation is always available at no extra charge to subscriber.
Personal consultation is available following every evaluation.
Personal consultation is available on programs, projects, and just fun ideas.
Personal consultation is available throughout the learning experience by telephone or e-mail.
Personal consultation is available.
Personal consultations are available in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
Personal consultations reveal a more precise reading.
Personal consumption accounts for roughly two-thirds of the gross domestic product.
Personal consumption is unlikely to slide further, and the glut in supply is dwindling.
Personal consumption remains broadly flat .
Personal consumption remains broadly flat despite the decrease in income is coming to an end.
Personal consumption remains broadly flat while household income appears to be improving.
Personal consumption remains broadly flat while household income has improved a little.
Personal consumption remains broadly flat while the decrease in income is coming to an end.
Personal consumption remains broadly flat, as income is sluggish.
Personal consumption remains broadly flat, despite the decrease in income is coming to an end.
Personal consumption remains broadly flat, while the decrease in income is coming to an end.
Personal consumption remains broadly flat.
Personal contact builds interpersonal bridges.
Personal contact can be a problem geographically - getting two people together in one place.
Personal contact can make a difference in any encounter.
Personal contact can make a difference in convincing international students to enroll.
Personal contact can possibly follow when the time is ripe for it.
Personal contact can really help students feel more connected to the campus and their program.
Personal contact counts.
Personal contact goes a long way.
Personal contact includes visits in person and individualized communication.
Personal contact involves interaction with librarians, supervisors, staff and outside vendors.
Personal contact is also an important part of a dive store's value.
Personal contact is always the most effective.
Personal contact is an important component of services offered and delivered.
Personal contact is an important, often essential, part of the process.
Personal contact is as important with telecommuters as with onsite employees.
Personal contact is best.
Personal contact is crucial to success.
Personal contact is crucial.
Personal contact is encouraged.
Personal contact is essential for change.
Personal contact is essential in effective job hunting.
Personal contact is important, but resume posting services can sometimes be really helpful.
Personal contact is important.
Personal contact is made with delinquent accounts.
Personal contact is made with listeners if possible.
Personal contact is made with slow payers encouraging prompt payment of rents.
Personal contact is necessary for health care to be provided.
Personal contact is needed with the motor pool to obtain better service.
Personal contact is often an effective means of collecting debts.
Personal contact is often extremely helpful in finding positions.
Personal contact is one of the most important things.
Personal contact is preferable to using the phone.
Personal contact is reassuring.
Personal contact is reinforced by other communication channels.
Personal contact is still the best way to get a commitment from employers.
Personal contact is the best approach to building partnerships.
Personal contact is the best way to convince others to take part in our brotherhood.
Personal contact is the best way to ensure that patients have understood a message.
Personal contact is the best way to get a job.
Personal contact is the best way to keep members active.
Personal contact is the best way to teach.
Personal contact is the key to success.
Personal contact is the key.
Personal contact is the most effective approach.
Personal contact is the most effective form of communication.
Personal contact is the most important key to success.
Personal contact is the most important way to reach out to seniors.
Personal contact is the preferred method of communication.
Personal contact is the second common cause.
Personal contact is therefore vital.
Personal contact is valued above all else.
Personal contact is very important in Japan.
Personal contact is very important.
Personal contact is vital in such difficult circumstances.
Personal contact means a lot.
Personal contact pays off.
Personal contact works best.
Personal contact works.
Personal contacts are a necessity of all of our grant making programs.
Personal contacts are a primary source of information.
Personal contacts are a very important factor in industrial research initiatives.
Personal contacts are almost always best.
Personal contacts are always the best job search method.
Personal contacts are always the best sources.
Personal contacts are best.
Personal contacts are how MOST scripts are sold, period.
Personal contacts are important in business.
Personal contacts are important.
Personal contacts are often an extremely valuable method of information access.
Personal contacts are one of the most effective methods for obtaining job interviews.
Personal contacts are the best way to a job.
Personal contacts are the most effective.
Personal contacts are the way to build a grassroots movement.
Personal contacts are vastly superior to letters.
Personal contacts are very important in industrial initiatives.
Personal contacts are with co-workers and supervisor.
Personal contacts are with co-workers in the microfilm area.
Personal contacts are with employees at various levels throughout the operating unit.
Personal contacts are with employees within the immediate operating unit or related support units.
Personal contacts can be extremely useful.
Personal contacts can play an important role, as does a professional approach.
Personal contacts is a great advantage, and corruption is widespread.
Personal content includes poetry, writing, opinions, artwork, photography and more.
Personal context creates the necessary infrastructure for intelligent personalisation.
Personal contributions are welcome.
Personal conveniences have no place in the determination.
Personal conversations allow participants to see things from each other's viewpoint.
Personal conversion accounts.
Personal conversion is the necessary path to harmony between individuals.
Personal convictions form the most effective basis for moral and ethical behavior.
Personal convictions paired with civic imagination is the goal of liberal learning.
Personal copies are available to students for educational purposes.
Personal copies are free to any graduate student in any discipline.
Personal copies are, of course, permissable.
Personal correspondence includes a number of letters from family members.
Personal correspondence is encouraged.
Personal correspondence is invited.
Personal correspondence is mixed with professional papers.
Personal costs are incalculable.
Personal costs are the largest portion of the college budget.
Personal counsel is very helpful.
Personal counseling can address a variety of issues.
Personal counseling includes all areas of personal problems.
Personal counseling is a confidential service.
Personal counseling is a process of self-discovery and growth.
Personal counseling is also available.
Personal counseling is also often desirable.
Personal counseling is available at each meeting and between meetings.
Personal counseling is available for students.
Personal counseling is available in our various offices and in the residence halls.
Personal counseling is available on a short-term basis.
Personal counseling is available on request.
Personal counseling is available to students on a short-term basis.
Personal counseling is available, if necessary.
Personal counseling is conducted in a private setting under the strictest confidence.
Personal counseling is confidential and is offered through individual and small group counseling.
Personal counseling is generally available on campus.
Personal counseling is now available to students on Thursdays.
Personal counseling is offered on an individual or group basis.
Personal counseling is provided for any student who seeks aid in addressing individual problems.
Personal counseling is provided for individuals, families, and couples.
Personal counseling is provided on an individual basis, as requested by students.
Personal counseling is voluntary and is strictly confidential.
All personal counseling is confidential.
Some personal counseling is provided.
Personal counselling is available on an individual, couple and family basis.
Personal counselors are also available to help with special concerns.
Personal counselors assist students with any individual problems.
Personal counselors help students explore their concerns in a way that is caring and confidential.
Personal counselors offer advice and assistance as students make their transitions to college life.
Personal creativity is encouraged through practical class problems.
Personal creativity is encouraged through the use of individualized instruction.
Personal creativity is the essence of magic.
Personal creativity is valued and encouraged.
Personal crises do happen.
Personal crises result in urgent requests for help from individuals and families.
Personal criticism is never appropriate.
Personal criticism is perceived as a threat.
Personal curiosities lead only so far.
Most personal customers let alone businesses can save a substantial some of money on there bills.
Personal danger is much to be preferred.
Personal data can also include sound, digital photographs and images.
Personal data includes an expression of opinion about an individual .
Personal data includes both facts and opinions about the individual.
Personal data includes, name, home address, and marital status.
Personal data is a unit of exchange that is openly monitored and used to increase power.
Personal data is data about an identified or identifiable individual that is recorded in any form.
Personal data is held for the sole purpose of provided support and services to our customers.
Personal data is information about living, identifiable individuals.
Personal data is requested.
Personal data is the responsibility of each user to back up on their own.
Personal data is valuable to companies who want to target certain types of customer.
Personal data needs to presented in a consistent way across the whole institution.
Personal data relates to living individuals who can be identified from that data.
All personal data collected is protected against unauthorized access.
All personal data is encrypted with the strongest encryption algorithm available today.
All personal data is kept in accordance with our privacy policy.
All personal data is kept strictly confidential.
All personal data provided by our web site visitors and donors is secure information.
Personal days are available at the beginning of each calendar year.
Personal days are to be applied before using accumulated illness days.
Personal days are to be scheduled with the approval of department supervisors.
Personal debt falls as a percentage of family income as family budgets improve.
Personal debt is accounted for by only about fifty people, all part of the president's entourage.
Personal debt is at an all time high.
Personal debt is the highest it's ever been.
Personal debt is the most serious problem that most people face today.
Personal debt is what is really screwing people.
Personal decisions become matters also for neighbors, employers or the police.
Personal decisions depend on emotional responses to images that reasoning processes produce.
Many personal decisions go into tree planting.
Personal decoration is the main art form.
Personal dedication remains our defining company trait.
Personal defense is a serious subject, and one that is on the minds of millions of people worldwide.
Personal defense is a very real and serious issue.
Personal delivery is also available in some states.
Personal demeanor affects attitude, and attitude affects performance.
Personal designs are also available upon request.
Personal desire is absolutely essential.
Personal details are now password protected to avoid unwanted correspondance.
Personal details do make the difference.
All personal details are confidential.
Personal development begins with a basic sense of trust during infancy.
Personal development can also include developing other people.
Personal development demands social concern.
Personal development gives instruction in methods for dealing with excessive math anxiety.
Personal development goes hand in hand with learning.
Personal development involves growth.
Personal development involves spiritual growth.
Personal development is a key area for all successful networkers.
Personal development is a lifelong process.
Personal development is after all our most important creative task.
Personal development is after all, our most important creative task.
Personal development is always the ultimate reason why people seek coaching from others.
Personal development is an essential part of most people's lives.
Personal development is an important part of the program experience.
Personal development is as important as the acquisition of professional skills.
Personal development is commonplace in the modern world.
Personal development is emphasized by the faculty.
Personal development is emphasized.
Personal development is the growth of a person in the four aspects of their nature.
Personal development makes employees more valuable to employers.
Personal development occurs at the intersection of self and community, or people with differences.
Personal development occurs most dramatically in social interactions.
Personal development suggests a desire to enhance one's skills, knowledge, or social standing.
Personal development takes place over the course of a person's entire life.
Most personal development involves growth.
Most personal development involves spiritual growth.
Personal devotions are another avenue to growth in the knowledge of our faith.
Personal dialogue can always find the solution to every problem.
Personal diaries are available in Real Life .
Personal diaries are great for expressing feelings and observations on a daily basis.
Personal differences are often a great stimulus to monumental collaborations.
Some personal dimension is essential to good award recognition.
Personal direction is given each student.
Personal directories are accessible only to the individual user.
Personal disasters are also part of the inevitable cycle called life.
Personal discernment is practiced in prayer and the examen.
Personal discipline is essential.
Personal discoveries are made.
Personal discovery is the important thing.
Personal discretion is advised.
Personal discretion is the key to a safe driving experience.
Personal dishonor undermines the entire enterprise.
Personal disinfection is done with iodine tablets or with chlorine ampules.
All personal dispositions are dynamic in the sense that they have motivational powers.
Personal distance performs the same function.
Personal documents range from school certificates to awards.
Personal domains are freeware.
Personal donations are as important as corporate donations.
Personal donations make up the majority of our funding and are always greatly appreciated.
Personal edition is free.
Personal education is a life long process in an ever increasingly interdependent world society.
Personal effects accompany other burials.
Personal effects adorn the room.
Personal effects organizer.
Personal effectiveness Improve communication skills for existing and future leaders.
Personal effectiveness is improved through problem identification, common purpose and practice.
Personal effectiveness is rooted in both character and competence.
Personal effort is rewarded by material success, itself a sign of salvation.
Personal efforts are great.
Personal elimination requires more precise control of the body.
Personal email is also elsewhere.
Personal email is inappropriate.
Personal emails complimenting students on their participation is a great morale booster.
Personal emergency prevents arrival or requires departure prior to the end of the rental period.
Personal emotions can too easily intrude, coloring judgments and biasing conclusions.
Personal emotions ride roller coasters.
Personal empowerment is a key byproduct of effective career planning.
Personal empowerment is a more genuine experience than the exercise of mere willpower.
Personal endorsement is the most effective recruiting tool.
Personal endorsements are a notoriously poor way to judge.
Personal endorsements are clearly the most effective.
Personal energy is finite.
Personal enmity is believed to be the reason of the murder.
Personal enquiries are welcome.
Personal enrichment classes on a variety of topics from calligraphy to conversational Spanish.
Personal enthusiasm is the initial energizer of any change process . . . .
Personal equipment includes forks, bowls, cups and washing implements.
Personal equipment is at hand to deal with an imminent emergency.
Personal equipment is important.
Personal equipment is required for all participants.
Personal equipment is subject to approval by our staff.
All personal equipment is bought and maintained by the individual member.
All personal equipment is subject to inspection by the judges.
Any personal equipment is subject to being broken.
Most personal equipment needs little maintenance other than careful drying out.
Personal equity plans.
Personal errors occur through the observer's inability to read the instruments exactly.
Personal essay is about uncovering the truth and telling our stories in our real voices.
Personal essays are also the cornerstone for many family histories.
Personal essays are common types of writing.
Personal essays come in all kinds.
Personal essays vary greatly from application to application in terms of form and content.
Personal ethics improve.
Personal evangelism is a very effective method of reaching people.
Personal evangelism is encouraged.
Personal evangelism is low on our priority list.
Personal evidence is evidence that no one except the person having the experience has access to.
Personal example is another powerful motivator.
Personal example is the greatest teacher.
Personal examples are helpful.
Personal examples are often the best way to express the intangible contributions of an advisor.
Some personal examples seem to be powerful indicators of what is at work here.
Personal exchange is a sine qua non of learning . . .
Personal exemption rises For all taxpayers.
Personal expectations are best when within reasonable limits.
Personal expeditions are commitments to journeys of discovery, exploration and awareness.
Personal expense is expense
Personal expense is expense.
Personal expenses are additional.
Personal expenses are in addition.
Personal expenses are individual.
Personal expenses are more difficult to estimate because they are variable.
Personal expenses are the miscellaneous costs of living.
Personal expenses are the responsibility of each delegate.
Personal expenses are the responsibility of the student.
Personal expenses are the student's responsibility.
Personal expenses incurred are clients responsibility.
Personal expenses Make a budget for laundry, clothing, entertainment, food and other necessities.
Personal expenses vary depending on individual spending needs.
Personal expenses vary greatly.
All personal expenses are additional.
All personal expenses are winner's sole responsibility.
Some personal expenses are the responsibility of the participants.
Personal experience can, however, help bring an argument to life.
Personal experience continues.
Personal experience counts.
Personal experience covers only a small number.
Personal experience dictates that briefs are losing their place amongst the underwear elite.
Personal experience explains so much about motivation and obsessions.
Personal experience flows naturally into shared experience.
Personal experience gets through better than anything else.
Personal experience goes a long way.
Personal experience includes law enforcement, horses, the outdoors and sports.
Personal experience includes thoughts and ideas, as well as events.
Personal experience integrate where relevant and appropriate.
Personal experience is a most vicious and limited circle.
Personal experience is a powerful teacher.
Personal experience is a valid way of knowing.
Personal experience is different for everybody.
Personal experience is essential before working for others - lots of experience.
Personal experience is essential to the nature of the event.
Personal experience is hard to beat.
Personal experience is important.
Personal experience is integral to one's understanding of the law.
Personal experience is invaluable.
Personal experience is key.
Personal experience is now.
Personal experience is often the authority with all the things that can shape it.
Personal experience is often the best teacher.
Personal experience is our greatest assurance of quality.
Personal experience is the best gauge of a service.
Personal experience is the best teacher if it can be put into comprehensive words.
Personal experience is the key to instruction.
Personal experience is the most important thing to change peoples' minds.
Personal experience is the only road to knowledge.
Personal experience is the prime determinant of the status of a shaman.
Personal experience is the soul of a town.
Personal experience is upheld as the ultimate test of truth.
Personal experience is valued above theoretical learning.
Personal experience lacks integration where relevant and appropriate.
Personal experience leads to more potent attitudes.
Personal experience lends an authoritative edge.
Personal experience makes all the difference.
Personal experience makes it most meaningful.
Personal experience plays a minor role in obtaining knowledge of foreign artists.
Personal experience seems to carry the greatest weight in the court of public opinion.
Personal experience shades everything.
Personal experience shapes the picture.
Personal experience suggests that saw palmetto also interferes with erectile functions.
Personal experience teaches the most lasting lessons.
Personal experience validates truth in our society.
Personal experiences are a great way to explain it.
Personal experiences are a great way to explain that.
Personal experiences are powerful influences.
Personal experiences are welcome and valuable insights to communication topics.
Personal experiences are welcome.
Personal experiences begin with children interacting with their own environment.
Personal experiences influence each individual's perception of death.
Personal experiences mean more than polls or numerical charts.
Personal experiences written in the first person have greater believability.
All personal experiences are welcome.
Any personal experiences are to remain confidential within the group.
Personal experimentation can be quite gratifying.
Personal experimentation is absolutely essential.
Personal experimentation is wher the action is.
Personal expertise is in grass management, however.
Personal exploration is recommended.
Personal expression is combined with in-depth research on the medium.
Personal expression is emphasized along with the technical aspects of printing.
Personal expression is encouraged.
Personal expression is one of our most fundamental rights.
Personal expression is stressed through the development of form and content.
Personal expression is validated as integral to the process.
Personal factors affect motivation and performance, and so does the environment in which kids train.
Personal failure is one thing, but it is absolutely no fun when other people get to see it.
Personal faith is different than intellectual belief or assent.
Personal faith is less a guarantor of decent public policy than a clanging contra-indicator.
Personal faith is private, even for a president.
Personal favorites are crab, spicy tuna and shrimp.
Personal favourite has to be the roar produced by the shock combo.
Personal favourites are black, red, blue and purple.
Personal feedback is positive - no evaluation sheets yet destributed.
Personal feelings are good here for obvious reasons.
Personal feelings are more subject to doubt than intellectual commitment.
Personal feelings are often misleading and sometimes even fatal.
Personal feelings have no place in our field when it comes to professional communications.
Personal feelings have to be set aside.
All personal fields are optional.
Personal files are highly confidential records relating to staff members.
Personal files remain private because users each get their own folder.
Personal finance is a engaging topic.
Personal finance is a game unto itself.
Personal finance is a timely and necessary topic to begin studying right now.
Personal finance is an activity that can be streamlined through working online.
Personal finance is no longer complete without a stock portfolio.
Personal finance is when individuals acquire, spend, and manage money.
Personal finances are in order.
Personal Finances Travels Down From The Hills Return to list of Series.
Personal firewalls afford the only protection available to users outside a gateway umbrella.
Personal firewalls are cost-effective.
Personal firewalls are useful for single users, but become hard to manage in a multi-user network.
Personal firewalls attempt to protect PCs from various malicious network activities.
Personal firewalls come in both hardware and software incarnations.
Personal firewalls have many advantages and disadvantages as described below.
Personal firewalls protect ports from being displayed to Internet scanners.
Personal firewalls work in two ways.
Most personal firewalls provide an activity log to alert the user to attempted intrusions.
Personal fitness trainers assess levels.
Personal fitness trainers help fitness goals.
Personal fitness trainers help goals.
Personal fitness is assessed and activities that promote lifelong fitness are practiced.
Personal fitness is the number of offspring the individual begets.
Personal flags are a quite recent creation.
Personal flights are consistently the most dangerous.
Personal folders act as any other folders do inside Outlook.
Personal folders are available under the inbox.
Personal Folders have a .pst extension.
Personal folders hold deleted, sent, received and outgoing mail.
Personal Folders provide an alternative to storing data on the server.
Personal forecasts are available for one month or up to one year.
Personal formation is also crucial.
Personal foul is foul
Personal foul's an incredibly dumb penalty.
Personal fouls work better.
Personal freedom can give rise to all sorts of things like child sex rings.
Personal freedom can mean a lot of different things to different people.
Personal freedom comes from humans' basic instincts and natural selfishness.
Personal freedom exists when any person can live free from coercion and intervention by others.
Personal freedom flourishes in a framework of structure.
Personal freedom is a relatively simple concept to understand.
Personal freedom is at stake.
Personal freedom is emphasized.
Personal freedom is in the First Amendment because it is the most important.
Personal freedom is inviolable.
Personal freedom is regarded as the gateway to public freedom.
Personal freedom is safeguarded.
Personal freedom is seen as the only right basis for following the spiritual path.
Personal freedoms remain elusive.
Personal freshness creates that special space.
Personal friends are less apt to tell the truth, for fear of causing a rift in the relationship.
Personal fulfillment involves effective pursuit of our own purposes.
Personal fulfillment is gained through mentoring, nuturing, and giving to others.
Personal funds are by far the most common primary source of start-up capital.
Personal funds are the most likely, and the most typically used, source of funds for a new business.
Personal funds play a significant role in seeking other forms of financing.
Personal gain can take other forms including security, acceptance, success and wealth.
Personal gain includes positive attention and avoiding responsibilities when sick.
Personal gain is also what motivates many false teachers.
Personal gains are also important, and sometimes outweigh the academic benefits.
Personal gateway is integrated into a strong company site.
Personal gear includes boots, gloves, mask, fins and snorkel.
Personal gear includes mask, fins, snorkel, gloves, and booties.
All personal gear is packed in and out by the camper.
Some personal gear is required.
Personal gifts are non-tax deductible.
Personal goal is to increase club interaction.
Personal goals are equal to or more important than professional goals.
Personal goals are the most important of all.
Personal godliness is a high priority for every student.
Personal grants are available from a wide variety of sources.
Personal gratification is in watching an idea become reality.
Personal gratification is OK, but it's only as good as our own individual memory.
Personal greatness has a different meaning to everyone.
Personal grievances can come at a later date.
Personal grooming is always important, particularly when making that important first impression.
Personal grooming is important.
Personal grooming is restricted to restroom facilities.
Personal groups are a snap to create.
Personal groups work great for contact lists.
Personal growth gives definition to transformation.
Personal growth implies maturation of both mind and body.
Personal growth involves a lifetime of effort to master our emotions.
Personal growth is a journey.
Personal growth is a process that requires continued committement.
Personal growth is achieved through each set of circumstances.
Personal growth is achieved through service to others and stretching to reach their goals.
Personal growth is an intentional step into a richer, more meaningful life.
Personal growth is as important as academic achievement.
Personal growth is assured as students gain confidence and poise from frequent participation.
Personal growth is encouraged and rewarded.
Personal growth is essential for professional growth.
Personal growth is instrumental in making lifestyle changes.
Personal growth is like investing.
Personal growth is necessary both in the workplace and in relationships.
Personal growth is necessary for today's employees.
Personal growth is on-going.
Personal growth is part of the team process.
Personal growth is proportional to the wise use of the many resources available.
Personal growth is proportionate to the wise use of the many resources available.
Personal growth is result of several factors.
Personal growth is the primary focus of the associate phase.
Personal growth is the process of responding positively to change.
Personal growth is very important for girls to maintain.
Personal growth leads to lifestyle change.
Personal growth requires individual effort.
Personal growth seems to occur in spurts.
Personal growth spills over into job and family.
Personal growth supports family, cultural, societal, and world growth.
Personal growth takes place in the context of relationships in a community.
Most personal growth takes place in times of affliction.
Personal guarantee is required.
Personal guarantees are less likely.
Personal guarantees can be a problem.
Personal guarantees make a business owner personally liable for potential liabilities.
Personal guests are eligible to attend only the events listed in the brochure.
Personal guidance is available.
Personal habits are often a direct reflection of emotional reactions to their environment.
Personal happiness is good.
Personal harassment can be from a co-worker, an employer or even a family member.
Personal headsets are also available for nighttime television viewing.
Personal health is a public health issue.
Personal health is affected by our choices.
Personal health is akin to that.
Personal health is equivalent to planetary health.
Personal health requires personal responsibility . . .
Personal health requires responsibility to oneself, one's family and society.
Personal heat is intensely painful when it is experienced without any awareness of alternatives.
Personal help is also available and encouraged as part of the course.
Personal help is available by appointment.
Personal help is available in individual and group sessions.
Personal help is available on the formulation and solution of individual users' computer problems.
Personal help is available.
Personal histories can destroy our popular images.
Personal histories offer a good point of departure because they belong to students.
Personal histories provide a golden thread of awareness in humans.
Personal history means a great deal, people want to see themselves represented.
Personal History Prepare a personal history.
Every personal history is worthy of record.
Personal holidays accrue at the rate of two per year regardless of years of service.
Personal holiness is a work of gradual development.
Personal holiness is equally imperative as is the forgiveness of sins in order to eternal bliss.
Personal holiness is personal, after all.
Personal holiness renders their apostolate most fruitful.
Personal homepage contains photos, schedule and team information.
Personal homepage listing statistics, opinions, resume with family and travel photos.
Personal homepages are a crapshoot.
Personal homepages are available at an additional charge.
Personal homepages are comparable to vanity publishing.
Personal homepages are exactly that.
Personal homepages are homepages.
Personal homepages are masturbation.
Personal homepages are publications.
Personal homepages are strange things.
Personal homepages are strictly and solely the individual's responsibility and liability.
Personal homepages are the sole responsibility of the author of the pages.
Personal homepages are welcome providing they contain at least some aquaria related material.
Personal homepages tend to be pretty self indulgent, so here is some links to our users indulgences.
All personal homepages are welcome to apply.
Most personal homepage is weak therefore bare, so pot argue nothing.
Personal hostility is at a minimum, and the crime rate decreases.
Personal hygiene contributes to personal success.
Personal hygiene gets dicey.
Personal hygiene is a clear indicator of man's personality.
Personal hygiene is all-important.
Personal hygiene is also a matter of courtesy.
Personal hygiene is also essential.
Personal hygiene is also important.
Personal hygiene is another big issue in our ads.
Personal hygiene is especially important during the acute and convalescent periods.
Personal hygiene is essential in controlling body lice.
Personal hygiene is essential.
Personal hygiene is extremely important under tropical conditions.
Personal hygiene is important during a herpes outbreak.
Personal hygiene is important for all students.
Personal hygiene is important for the consideration of others.
Personal hygiene is important for the health and safety of others.
Personal hygiene is important, as is good supervision.
Personal hygiene is important.
Personal hygiene is just as important.
Personal hygiene is most important for the control of pinworms.
Personal hygiene is obviously of the utmost importance here.
Personal hygiene is of great importance.
Personal hygiene is of the utmost importance.
Personal hygiene is the best preventive measure against parasitic infestations.
Personal hygiene is the key to prevention.
Personal hygiene is the way a person maintains their health, appearance and cleanliness.
Personal hygiene is very important for anyone working in a laboratory.
Personal hygiene is very important when handling agrochemicals.
Personal hygiene is very important.
Personal hygiene means individual cleanliness and habits.
Personal hygiene tops the list.
Some personal hygiene causes problems.
Personal identification is last.
Personal identification is provided by interfacing to third party time and attendance systems.
Personal identification is required to check out library materials if a card is forgotten.
Personal identification is required when taking the exam.
Personal identification is required.
All personal identification is stripped.
A personal identity is personality
Personal identities are categories unique to an individual, such a name, birth date, birth place.
Personal identity becomes increasingly hazy.
Personal identity can no longer come from the past or from outside.
Personal identity includes many things, work and sex included.
Personal identity is shaped by an individual s culture, by groups, and by institutional influences.
Personal identity is shaped by one's culture, by groups, and by institutional influences.
Personal identity is somewhat different than the other proposed issues.
Personal identity is the pain which is never in the past but always in the present.
Personal identity is used to refer to the way people view themselves.
Personal immorality is never an isolated incident.
Personal immortality is rejected.
Personal improvement encompasses both physical and emotional well-being.
Personal improvement involves the physical and emotional well-being of employees.
Personal improvement is for supervisors experiencing some difficulty with aspects of supervision.
A personal income is an income
Personal income comprises salaries, wages, pension, income from independent business activities etc.
Personal income continues to grow rapidly in New Jersey.
Personal income continues to grow, achieving real gains above and beyond the rate of inflation.
Personal income continues to grow.
Personal income includes wage and salary income, proprietor's income and employee benefits.
Personal income is broader based and more reflective of a person's ability to pay taxes.
Personal income is calculated from the wages and salaries component of non-farm payroll.
Personal income is expressed in millions of dollars.
Personal income is lower than the rest of California.
Personal income is made up of earnings, returns to wealth, and transfer payments.
Personal income is measured before the deduction of personal income taxes and other personal taxes.
Personal income is measured by place of residence.
Personal income is on the rise all across the state.
Personal income is subjected to a progressive tax system.
Personal income is the broadest measure for which reliable current data are readily available.
Personal income is the flow of capital.
Personal income is the most significant factor in explaining why voters vote as they do.
Personal income is up, and so are auto sales, factory orders, retail sales, and housing starts.
Personal income is up, but personal savings are at an all time low.
Personal income is up, the unemployment rate is low, and violent crime rates are dropping.
Personal income is up.
Personal income is used by the federal government to allocate funds to state and local governments.
Personal income refers to salary a person earns in a specific job.
Personal incomes are among the highest in the world.
Personal incomes are incomes.
Personal incorporation varies from person to person and is based upon one's beliefs.
Personal influence is a power.
Personal influence translates into deeper passion and caring in how the game turns out.
All personal info are confidential and it's a FREE service to all job seekers.
All personal info is kept secure.
Personal information can be both confidential and private.
Personal information collected by our web site is stored in a database in a secure location.
Personal information generates traffic and triggers transactions.
Personal information given by traders is solely at their own discretion and risk.
Personal information goes here.
Personal information has the potential to be used in a discriminatory way .
Personal information has value.
Personal information held by the public sector is covered by the Privacy Act.
Personal information includes all information that describes or locates an individual.
Personal information includes E-mail account addresses.
Personal information includes name, address, phone number, e-mail address, class year, major, etc.
Personal information includes such things as an individual's name, address and phone number.
Personal information includes such things as an individual's name, address, and phone number.
Personal information includes the home address and home telephone number of an employee.
Personal information includes things like name, address and phone number.
Personal information includes vehicle identification numbers.
Personal information is a little more, well, personal than money.
Personal information is a property issue.
Personal information is accessible through native applications on each mobile device.
Personal information is also available throught the personal link.
Personal information is any information that relates to an identifiable person.
Personal information is available through the ph command.
Personal information is backed up to a secondary computer to prevent destruction.
Personal information is collected at the time of member registration.
Personal information is collected by fair and lawful means.
Personal information is collected in several ways from different parts of our Website.
Personal information is collected only during the registration process, contests, and purchases.
Personal information is collected only during the registration process.
Personal information is collected only during the request and registration processes.
Personal information is collected only when individuals voluntarily provide it.
Personal information is collected only when site visitors voluntarily provide it.
Personal information is collected through e-mail and through voluntary online surveys.
Personal information is collected to determine eligibility for potential employment.
Personal information is collected when user voluntarily registers for membership services.
Personal information is collected when users voluntarily register for membership services.
Personal information is completely irrelevant.
Personal information is confidential, including credit card numbers.
Personal information is confidential.
Personal information is defined as information about an identifiable individual.
Personal information is deleted immediately on request.
Personal information is deleted on request.
Personal information is designed to give students an idea of who their instructor is.
Personal information is destroyed or permanently de-identified if no longer needed.
Personal information is encrypted as it is being transmitted.
Personal information is entered into the database along with other identifiable characteristics.
Personal information is entirely relevant to both purpose and audience.
Personal information is gathered in several ways.
Personal information is held in confidence.
Personal information is important.
Personal information is in no way shared with anyone at any time.
Personal information is information about a person that readily identifies that specific individual.
Personal information is information about an identifiable individual.
Personal information is information about an identifiable natural person.
Personal information is information that can be used to identify a person.
Personal information is information that can be used to locate an individual online or offline.
Personal information is information which identifies individuals.
Personal information is kept confidential.
Personal information is kept in a secure environment accessed only by authorised persons.
Personal information is mostly relevant.
Personal information is necessary for record keeping.
Personal information is normally retrievable if specific subjects, dates or events are provided.
Personal information is now a commodity which can be bought, sold and traded.
Personal information is only disposed of according to a records retention schedule.
Personal information is optional.
Personal information is powerful.
Personal information is private and confidential.
Personal information is private property.
Personal information is property, and protecting property rights is a proper government function.
Personal information is protected by an encrypted secure server.
Personal information is protected by secure server encryption.
Personal information is protected under the federal Privacy Act .
Personal information is protected under the Privacy Act.
Personal information is protected under the provisions of the Privacy Act.
Personal information is provided to the hotel only when the internet user confirms a reservation.
Personal information is released to marketers from motor vehicle records.
Personal information is requested only from winners of contests in order to send out prizes.
Personal information is requested only on a volunteer basis.
Personal information is required and in some instances a written application is mandatory.
Personal information is required to establish such access.
Personal information is revealed to charities only at the donor's request.
Personal information is safeguarded behind a dedicated firewall.
Personal information is shared only when both parties are comfortable with doing so.
Personal information is sold to strangers but is unavailable to the person to whom it refers.
Personal information is stored electronically.
Personal information is stored in a secure database.
Personal information is strictly confidential.
Personal information is that which can identify an individual personally.
Personal information is the great product that fuels the new economy.
Personal information is the real currency.
Personal information is treated confidentially.
Personal information is used for internal record keeping only.
Personal information is used internally for the maintenance of customer accounts.
Personal information is used only for the purposes outlined below.
Personal information is used only to respond to questions raised.
Personal information is used primarily to determine individual accounts.
Personal information is used to assign appropriate users to appropriate projects.
Personal information is used to complete on-line purchases.
Personal information is used to contact winners and send users information they requested.
Personal information is valuable.
Personal information is voluntary.
Personal information is what concerns most people.
Personal information is wiped out.
Personal information means any information about an identifiable individual.
Personal information means information about an identifiable individual.
Personal information Provide legal name.
Personal information related to the criminal offense is confidential.
Personal information relating to grading or assessment only be available via personalized password.
Personal information remains confidential and salary information is for statistical purposes only.
Personal information remains shared only between the site and their customers.
Personal information submitted by individuals are all purely on a voluntary basis.
Personal information supplied by advertisers is for our records only.
All personal information collected by the site is kept hidden in the site's database.
All personal information collected is completely confidential.
All personal information comes directly from the panel member.
All personal information concerning applicants is protected.
All personal information fits on front.
All personal information given is guaranteed to be confidential.
All personal information is acquired to ensure efficient processing of the site.
All personal information is collected under the authority of the Municipal Act.
All personal information is collected via a secure server and kept confidential.
All personal information is collected voluntarily.
All personal information is completely confidential and secure.
All personal information is confidential and is only used to award prizes to the winner.
All personal information is confidential and is used to develop relevant programs for our members.
All personal information is confidential.
ALL personal information is confidential.
All personal information is considered confidential.
All personal information is considered private and confidential.
All personal information is controlled by the individual.
All personal information is either password protected or kept offline on a seperate machine.
All personal information is encrypted into our database systems.
All personal information is encrypted on a separate server.
All personal information is encrypted.
All personal information is entered on a secure server and kept confidential.
All personal information is entered on our secure server at the checkout.
All personal information is for our internal use only, unless the user requests otherwise.
All personal information is for our internal use only.
All personal information is gathered on a secure server.
All personal information is held in confidence.
All personal information is held in strict confidence.
All personal information is held in strict confidentiality.
All personal information is held in strict professional confidence.
All personal information is held in strictest confidence in line with our code of practice.
All personal information is held in the strictest confidence.
All personal information is held strictly confidential.
All personal information is kept completely confidential.
All personal information is kept confidential .
All personal information is kept confidential.
ALL personal information is kept confidential.
All personal information is kept in a secured data file and used for analysis.
All personal information is kept in strict confidence.
All personal information is kept on a server in a highly secure environment.
All personal information is kept private and is only for our uses.
All personal information is kept secure and never shared or sold to any third party.
All personal information is kept secure in a password protected environment.
All personal information is kept secure.
All personal information is kept strictly confidential and services are free to candidates.
All personal information is kept strictly confidential.
ALL personal information is kept strictly private - see our privacy policy .
All personal information is kept strictly private and is used for signup and security only.
All personal information is kept strictly private.
All personal information is maintained as strictly confidential and is fully secure.
All personal information is omitted from every story.
All personal information is optional.
All personal information is password protected and is limited to secure users.
All personal information is password protected.
All personal information is protected, including name, address, and credit card information.
All personal information is removed to assure anonymity.
All personal information is secure and all messages are sent via our safe online messaging system.
All personal information is sent encrypted, using high-level encryption software.
All personal information is stored in a secured database.
All personal information is stored in a separate and secure database.
All personal information is stored in our secure databases.
All personal information is stored in secure servers in secure facilities.
All personal information is stored on our servers except for credit card information.
All personal information is strictly confidential.
All personal information is treated with the strictest confidence.
All personal information is treated with the strictest standards of security and confidentiality.
All personal information is treated with the utmost security.
All personal information is used internally and when specific contact requests are made.
All personal information maintained by our office is confidential.
All personal information provided during registration is held in the strictest confidence.
All personal information provided on a census questionnaire is kept confidential.
All personal information provided on the census questionnaire is kept confidential.
All personal information remain strictly confidential .
All personal information remains confidential and all user logs are deleted on a biweekly basis.
All personal information shared by other classmates during class is strictly confidential.
All personal information stored locally is encrypted.
Any personal information collected electronically is protected under the Privacy Act .
Any personal information collected from visitors to our site is done on a voluntary basis.
Any personal information collected is submitted on a voluntary basis only.
Any personal information collected is used only for customer service or billing issues.
Any personal information collected on the site is restricted to the appropriate personnel.
Any personal information contained in the data is the responsibility of the relevant division.
Any personal information is kept confidential.
Any personal information is sent in an encrypted manner.
Any personal information is supplied optionally.
Any personal information provided is kept strictly confidential.
Any personal information provided is used to further improve our customer service.
Any personal information submitted by such users is on a voluntary basis.
Any personal information submitted is collected pursuant to the Municipal Act.
More personal information is available as well.
More personal information is available on the Internet than in the past.
More personal information is on a separate page .
Some personal information is also available.
Some personal information is available as well.
Some personal information is gathered from panel members when they join the panel.
Some personal information is gathered through server log files.
Some personal information is gathered when the user registers.
Some personal information is recorded but it is spotty.
Some personal information is required for registration.
Some personal information is stored on servers owned by other companies.
Personal initiative fuels our growth.
Every personal initiative ends up as fierce commerce.
Personal injuries are injuries to a person.
Personal injuries are likely to be equally high in their number and cost.
Personal injuries are remedied in civil court, using tort law.
Personal injuries can come in many different forms and under many different circumstances.
Personal injuries can occur in a wide variety of ways.
Personal injury can occur in a variety of contexts.
Personal injury caused by breach of contract is potentially a form of consequential damages.
Personal injury caused by falling debris is also a consideration.
Personal injury claims arising out of riverboat gaming operations throughout the Midwest.
Personal injury claims welcome.
Personal injury covers a vast number of issues.
Personal injury is also an area of law.
Personal injury is defined in the act as excluding cardiac arrest.
Personal injury is different from other types of settlement monies.
Personal injury is fully compensable, but other types of damage only to a limited extent.
Personal injury means injury arising out of several defined types of offenses.
Personal injury provides the insured and passengers unlimited medical coverage.
Most personal injuries occur in auto accidents.
Some personal input is needed to avoid just a display project.
Personal inspection is available before the true preservation is complete.
Personal instruction is available when required.
Personal instruction is emphasized.
Personal instruction is given in all forming techniques, glaze calculations and kiln-firings.
Personal instruction stays private, split off from the rest of the school.
Personal instructions are available upon request.
All personal instruction is made by appointment.
Personal insurance comes in all shapes and sizes.
Personal insurance is advised.
Personal insurance is required.
Personal integrity demands no less.
Personal integrity is a mark of our Christian life.
Personal integrity is an essential ingredient in all authentic learning.
Personal integrity is an essential part of good journalism.
Personal integrity is expendable.
Personal integrity is foundational to the practice of biblical ethics.
Personal integrity is held as the highest value.
Personal integrity is more important than a high grade.
Personal integrity is more important than money, power or fame.
Personal integrity is of the utmost importance.
Personal integrity is one major part of any counseling strategy.
Personal integrity is one of the most important qualities of any potential officer.
Personal integrity is one of the most valuable assets an employee can possess.
Personal integrity is the basis for intellectual and academic integrity.
Personal integrity is the foundation of our professional integrity.
Personal integrity is the manifestation of that continuous commitment.
Personal integrity is to be uphold to the highest level.
Personal integrity is very important.
Personal intelligence includes understanding one's strengths and admitting one's weaknesses.
Personal intelligences can play important roles.
Personal interaction can be an effective learning tool.
Personal interaction is also an important aspect of a good ergonomics plan.
Personal interaction is both dynamic and conducive to instant decision-making.
Personal interaction is compelling.
Personal interaction is frank and fair.
Personal interaction is important.
Personal interaction is promoted through formal and informal entertaining.
Personal interaction is the primary conduit for the transfer of technology.
Personal interaction is very important to allay fears.
Personal interactions are also very important.
Personal interactions are positive.
Personal interactions can be an important source of stress.
Personal interest is all that is needed.
Personal interest is tennis, guitar, writing and reading.
Personal interest refers to either the shares a person owns or the amount of a membership.
Personal interest transcends the promotional value of remodeling with an environmental conscience.
Personal interests are amongst others cycling and music .
Personal interests are travel, reading, theater and sports.
Personal interests can be as important as macro-ecomonics.
Personal interests have a greater value than companies' interests.
Personal interests involve bowling, church,and serving as a foster parent.
Personal Interests Spend a lot of time playing sports, primarily basketball and tennis.
Personal Internet offers full Internet service, including electronic mail.
Personal interpretations are inevitable.
Personal intervention preferences for alleviating mild depression.
Personal Interview Call the school to schedule an on-campus or telephone interview.
Personal interview is recommended.
Personal interview is required.
Personal interviews are a part of the process.
Personal interviews are also available at certain times of the year.
Personal interviews are an excellent primary source of information.
Personal interviews are an excellent way to obtain information to aid in the decision process.
Personal interviews are an integral part of the admission process.
Personal interviews are available.
Personal interviews are by invitation only.
Personal interviews are essential before a candidate is admitted to the course.
Personal interviews are highly desirable.
Personal interviews are important.
Personal interviews are mandatory.
Personal interviews are necessary and by invitation only.
Personal interviews are part of the application process.
Personal interviews are preferred.
Personal interviews are requires prior to sale.
Personal interviews can be helpful if they are easily obtainable.
Personal interviews can be time consuming and expensive but generally return excellent information.
Personal interviews ensue in parallel with thorough reference checking activities.
Personal interviews form the foundation of all serious industrial market research.
Personal interviews give the participant a feeling that their answers really make a difference.
Personal interviews provide the opportunity for feedback to the respondent.
Personal introductions are always good.
Personal introductions are the key.
Personal introductions Make proper introductions.
Personal intuitions are important, of course.
Personal invitations are a good way to get a balanced attendance.
Personal invitations are always the most effective.
Personal invitations are available at our Home Show booth.
Personal invitations are powerful.
Personal invitations are the best promotion of all.
Personal involvement enhances member interest.
Personal involvement is clear from the outset.
Personal involvement is provided at the Chapter level.
Personal involvement is the key to success in keeping interest in any program.
Personal issues affect personal practice.
Personal issues are irrelevant.
Personal items are exempt from import duty.
Personal items are located in shelfs.
Personal items are located in suitcases.
Personal items are the responsibility of the owner.
Personal items can also clutter a work area.
Personal items can be impressive as well as affordable.
Personal items have a certain sentimental value.
Personal items reveal the many dimensions of first family life.
Personal items stored during college recess remain on campus at the resident s risk of loss.
Personal items used in the business are taxable.
All personal items are to be taken with the student.
Many personal items are now available, and cost about the same as in America.
Many personal items remain in the possession of the family.
Personal journals provide an interesting insight into life in wartime Europe.
Many personal journals testify that the future can be brighter.
Personal judgement is involved here.
Personal judgement is judgment
Personal judgment is judgment
Personal judgment is the catch phrase of the school, manifested in both ra'y and ijtihad.
Personal judgments are much harsher.
Personal jurisdiction causes lots of problems and many appellate decisions.
Personal jurisdiction involves a two-step analysis.
Personal jurisdiction is a fact-specific inquiry.
Personal jurisdiction means the court has the power to make that person do something.
Personal keys are available.
Personal knowledge is an asset.
Personal knowledge is characterized by a bipolar commitment .
Personal lamps are the responsibility of the owner.
Personal laundry is at additional cost.
Personal laundry is done by staff daily.
Personal laundry is free as well as a cable equipped color TV at each bed.
Personal law is part of Muslim law and deals with matters that affect the individual directly.
Personal laws are detrimental to national integration as well.
Personal leadership is about personal responsibility.
Personal leadership is about putting individual principles in line with personal actions.
Personal leadership is one of the most studied topics in American life.
Personal leadership is the ability to implement a vision for and of the self.
All personal leaves are without pay.
Personal leave carries no job guarantee.
Personal leave is considered time off with full pay for personal reasons.
Personal leave is defined in each employee's contract.
Personal leave is entered on the date of hire.
Personal leave is for illness, injury, emergencies or personal business.
Personal leave is granted upon authorization of an employee's immediate supervisor.
Personal leave is non-cumulative and is charged against the employee's accrued days of sick leave.
Personal leave is non-cumulative.
Personal leave is now a state law.
Personal leave is prorated for new employees.
Personal leaves begin when accrued vacation and personal holidays have been exhausted.
All personal leaves are without pay.
A personal letter is a letter
Personal letters are always the most compelling.
Personal letters are letters.
Personal letters are more effective than postcards or petitions.
Personal letters are much better than form letters or petitions.
Personal letters are much more effective than form letters.
Personal letters are much more effective.
Personal letters are particularly effective.
Personal letters are the most common type of document found.
Personal letters do make a difference, and more letters make a bigger difference.
Personal letters have more impact that mass-produced postcards or form letters.
Personal letters make a difference.
Personal letters resemble diaries, journals and autobiographical memoirs.
Personal liability helps to cover the associated legal costs and related damages.
Personal liability is a definite possibility when conducting a private business.
Personal liability is a major concern.
Personal liability is limited, for shareholders.
Personal liability is something to be steadfastly avoided if possible.
Personal liberty is a thing of the past.
Personal liberty is freedom.
Personal liberty is one of the most cherished freedoms.
Personal liberty is self-effort unrestricted by anything but the laws of being.
Personal licenses are also available for home use.
Personal life changes such as family relocations also result in some resignations.
Personal life has affects.
Personal life includes intense love relationship.
Personal life is consistent with working life's standards.
Personal life is political.
Personal life is private and is handled discretely.
Personal life is where real success comes from.
Personal lives are irrelevant.
Personal lives run into professional lives and vice versa.
Personal lifestyle is influenced by individual expectations of the standard of living.
Personal lifestyles are of great interest.
Personal likes are metal music, computers, music writing, poetry and books.
Personal lines is a commodity product.
All personal links are the property of their owners.
Personal lists endure across sessions.
Personal listings are free.
Personal listings are items listed by the general public.
Personal livelihoods are on the line.
A personal loan is a loan
Personal loan is any purpose loan.
Personal loan is the best quick money option.
Personal loans are a great way to establish credit, and they're available for most any reason.
Personal loans are another benefit being offered to staff, by many financial institutions.
Personal loans are easier to find and manage than bank loans.
Personal loans are loans.
Personal loans are often the only form of debt financing available to a startup company.
Personal loans are unavailable.
Personal loans are unsecured loans that come in either a lump sum or a revolving line of credit.
Personal loans are usually for fixed terms with regularly scheduled repayments.
Personal Loans Find information on personal loans.
Personal Loans Find the best terms and interest rates on personal loans.
Personal Loans Get a fixed rate and term and fixed regular payments.
Personal loans rely on the credit rating and income of the borrower for approval.
Personal loans View the latest personal loan and personal overdraft interest rates.
Most personal loans are unsecured loans.
Personal loss appears inconsequential when compared to the collective death of the town.
Personal love is concentrated universal love.
Personal loyalty is a thing of the past.
Personal mail is accepted to be mailed from the mailroom but only if postage is applied.
Personal mail is available to residents at the front desk of their complex.
Personal mail is never appropriate.
Personal mail is sent to home addresses.
Personal mail is sorted and distributed.
Personal mailboxes are a good example.
Personal mailboxes are accessible to the owner anytime and anywhere and are protected by passwords.
Personal makeovers extend beyond the physical.
Personal management skills Personal property securities.
Personal mandalas are circular drawings that contain important messages from the inner self.
Personal marketing means A. going to the grocery store alone.
Personal marketing standing out from the pack is the key to prosperity.
Personal mastery is a function of the quality of our seeing.
Personal mastery is one of the five building blocks of learning organizations.
Personal mastery occurs through participation and discovery.
Personal mastery seeks to develop a special level of proficiency.
Personal matchmakers offer shy singles ways to meet and date.
More personal matchmakers offer shy singles ways to meet and date.
Personal material consists primarily of correspondence with family members.
Personal matters are one thing.
Personal matters can, and do, erupt into legal battles.
Personal matters seem to be a little more draining than they first seemed.
Personal meaning is maximized, that is, students understand why they are studying something.
Personal meaning remains a unifying principle throughout the course of the therapy.
Personal meetings are costly.
Personal meetings are obviously most effective.
Personal meetings are one of the most effective ways of influencing legislators.
Personal meetings are the best opportunity to influence a legislator on a bill.
Personal meetings are the most effective way to present new ideas and important information.
Personal meetings are usually helpful, however, and it's nice when that can be arranged.
Any personal member is eligible to hold office.
Personal membership includes all the standard benefits .
Personal membership is free .
Personal membership is open to any individual working in or interested in health science libraries.
Personal membership is open to any interested individual.
Personal memberships are open ended.
Personal memoirs are selective in their choice of details.
Personal memories are powerful motivators for communication.
Personal memories remind others that a great sacrifice was truly made.
Personal memory is a fiction of the physiologist .
Personal memory is memory
Personal message is preferrable to distribution lists.
Personal Message Stay away from gangs and drugs.
Personal messages are almost always OK, but many people object to electronic junk mail.
Personal messages are welcome.
Personal minimums are unique guidelines a pilot follows when making personal decisions about flying.
Personal ministry is also available.
Personal missions are as different as people.
Personal mobility is enhanced by fins and optionally diver propulsion vehicles .
Personal modifiers can also be the result of work style or ergonomics knowledge.
Personal monitoring is useful for checking the adequacy of radiation protection.
Personal morality can conflict with the requirements of a professional role.
Personal morality is an individual responsibility.
Personal motivation is necessary to attain such a goal.
Personal motivation is the greatest factor in individual achievement.
Personal motivation is vital to successfully complete any research.
Any personal movement is a potential risk.
Personal music is forbidden.
Personal name rules Inflection.
Personal names appear in the index last name first.
Personal names are a highly distinctive and unique aspect of many cultures.
Personal names are another common domain made up of a group of columns.
Personal names are best, company names, web sites, magazines, etc are all acceptable.
Personal names are commonly spelt with the full first name, while use of initials only is seen also.
Personal names are names.
Personal names can consist of first name, nickname, or full name, depending on preference.
Personal names provide an important component of African cultural identities.
Personal names require either the complete surname and forename, or surname only.
Personal names serve to distinguish one individual from another.
Personal names transliterate .
Most personal names given on serials are editors or compilers.
Personal narratives explain the history of the Vietnam War.
Personal narratives give students an opportunity to describe their growth as a learner.
Personal needs are different.
Personal needs are less important than organizational goals.
Personal needs can conflict with communal needs.
Personal networks are also important.
Personal networks are informal, useful and fun.
Personal networks are one realm of life where quantity often trumps quality.
Most personal networks are informal and useful.
Personal note keeping by salaried employees is suggested.
Personal notes are even more powerful in the era of electronic communication.
Personal notes are good as reminders for birthdays, anniversaries, vacations and paydays.
Personal notes are usually easier to remember than text.
Personal notes are usually easier to remember than the text.
Personal notification is defined as a knock on the door or ringing of the doorbell.
Personal number allows subscribers to be reached with just one number.
Personal objects are about role playing.
Personal objectives come in all shapes and colors.
Personal observation is important.
Personal observation is the foundation for establishing realistic expectations.
Personal observation is usually more likely to have observation bias than mechanical observation.
Personal observation is very helpful in figuring out what the corporate culture is.
Personal observation is vital.
Personal opinion based on observation of the teams also weighs heavily.
Personal opinion has to come into play at some point.
Personal opinion is fine as long as it is stated or obvious.
Personal opinion is included.
Personal opinion is one of the greatest factors in personal style.
Personal opinions appear.
Personal opinions are confidential.
Personal orders are welcome by regular mail accompanied by check or money order.
A personal organizer is an electronic device
Personal organizers are hot, hot, hot.
Personal outcomes magnify the energy of the organization.
Personal outcomes refer to the major expectations that people have in their lives.
Personal ownership guarantees what no lock box can.
Personal ownership is clearly an individual choice.
Personal page includes information about the sport, news, tournaments, equipment, and rule book.
Personal page includes interests, friends and links.
Personal page is to be turned in to the instructor via email.
Personal pages are also available for some individuals.
Personal pages are also available.
Personal pages are also under development.
Personal pages are an interesting corollary.
Personal pages are currently under development Personal pages are currently under development.
Personal pages are like home movies.
Personal pages are only available to registered users of the central unix servers.
Personal pages are places to display information about family, friends, hobbies, etc.
Personal pages are subject to content approval.
Personal pages are welcome and encouraged.
Personal pages are welcome.
Personal pages can be separate from academic pages.
Personal pages can be worthwhile, fun, adventurous and everything except mundane.
Personal pages can include information about an individual's work and interests.
Personal pages can neither contain commercial materials nor be used for personal or financial gain.
Personal pages can, however, contain links to other pages of a commercial nature.
Personal pages contain personal information about an individual.
Personal pages do have their advantages, one of which is diversity.
Personal pages includes photos and stories.
Personal pages make a statement about their creator to web users worldwide.
Personal pages range in topic from pets to online personal ads or online resumes.
Personal pages represent an individual as a private person and are permitted for students only.
Personal pages tend to reflect the more idiosyncratic interests of their owners.
All personal pages are the product of the respective individuals.
Every personal page has to have a search page.
Many personal pages are in essence ego pages.
Many personal pages have a fill-out form for users to send mail to the author of the page.
Some personal pages are here .
Personal pain is still likely from time to time, but with good intent, many problems can be solved.
Personal papers are the private documents accumulated by an individual.
Personal payment is also available at most banks with the payment stub.
Personal payment is also possible.
Personal peace comes from the same source.
Personal performance is of sole importance.
Personal performance ought to be assessed a little differently too.
Personal perspectives vary widely, of course.
Personal photo watch.
Personal photography includes landscapes, seascapes, cemeteries and creative portraits.
Personal photography is permitted in the galleries unless otherwise indicated.
Personal pictures open up the opportunity for bias and discrimination.
Personal planning is similar to planning a trip.
Personal poetry is a dangerous thing.
Personal poetry is included.
Personal possession gives one man power over another, the origin of every economic enslavement.
Personal possession is defined by a certain weight for each drug.
Personal possessions are located in homes.
Personal possessions are the players' responsibility.
Personal possessions are the sole responsibility of the owner.
Personal possessions include estate holdings.
Personal possessions include extensive holdings.
Personal possessions include extensive real estate holdings.
Personal possessions include holdings.
Personal possessions Provide security and proper care for client's personal possessions.
Personal power begins with true self belief.
Personal power can be exploitive when it depends on the weakness of others.
Personal power decreases as on moves towards step four in order to get under control.
Personal power is a spiritual quality, one which can be nurtured.
Personal power is an individual thing, difficult to obtain and quick to perish.
Personal power is earned.
Personal power is the ability and energy to effect action in our world.
Personal power is the result of telling the truth.
Personal power is the solution to practically all human problems.
Personal power is today's challenge.
Personal power refers to the power wielded by an individual.
Much personal power is given away in the process of denying one's true feelings.
Personal practices can conflict with family health values.
Personal prayer is a way of knocking so that the door of awareness opens.
Personal prayers are very powerful.
Personal precautions remain the most effective line of defense.
Personal preference can alter the sequence of courses for each individual.
Personal preference counts.
Personal preference is a big factor here.
Personal preference is a factor in deciding which procedure to use.
Personal preference is also relevant here.
Personal preference is another.
Personal preference is essential to the process of selecting a chair.
Personal preference is no substitute, nor is it an argument in favor of either side.
Personal preference is the difference between the two more than anything else.
Personal preference is the main reason for picking a particular orientation.
Personal preference is the only possible arbitrator.
Personal preference is the rule when choosing which type or form of rice to use in a recipe.
Personal preference is up to the patient.
Personal preference is usually be the major factor determining the type of pot used.
Personal preference plays a large role here.
Personal preference plays a role as well.
Personal preference says it all.
Personal preference takes precedence.
Personal preference varies.
Personal preferences are a strong force in the decision to leave early.
Personal preferences are also important.
Personal preferences are always the most important factors when pairing beer and cheese.
Personal preferences are generally the deciding factors in choosing a home.
Personal preferences can also come into play.
Personal preferences can be important in a therapy or learning project.
Personal preferences can then be self-managed.
Personal preferences plays an important part in choice of firewood.
Personal prejudice translates into public prejudice.
Personal preparation is most important prior to going to court.
Personal preparedness continues to be very important.
Personal presence becomes a factor.
Personal presentation is also extremely important.
Personal pride equals team pride.
Personal pride is also a factor.
Personal pride is what carries every single athlete at every single level.
Personal principles precede company policy.
Personal printers are convenient and fairly inexpensive, though.
Personal printers comprise most printers that are likely to be used with a single computer.
Personal privacy is a growing area of legal interest.
Personal privacy is a monumental safeguard against abuse of governmental authority.
Personal privacy is a relic of another area.
Personal privacy is a very real concern.
Personal privacy is an endangered right.
Personal privacy is another thing.
Personal privacy is increasingly at risk from invasion by high-tech surveillance and eavesdropping.
Personal privacy is paramount.
Personal privacy is protected.
Personal privacy is the next frontier in technology.
Personal privacy is treated with the utmost respect.
Personal problems are a normal part of life.
Personal problems are a normal part of living.
Personal problems are at epidemic proportions, despite the proliferation of counselors.
Personal problems are complex.
Personal problems are personal.
Personal problems can adversely affect our job performance.
Personal problems can affect an employee's sense of well-being and ability to perform on the job.
Personal problems can affect anyone at anytime.
Personal problems can affect the lives of employees both at home and at work.
Personal problems can seriously affect a student's academic program.
Personal problems can stem from family situations such as divorce or abuse.
Personal problems come to work.
Personal problems force sale.
Personal problems interfere with present activities.
Personal problems present one of management's more difficult challenges.
Personal productivity depends a lot upon psychological mood.
Personal productivity is one of the most mismanaged areas within most organizations.
Personal productivity is the foundation upon which our ultimate success or failure is built.
Personal Profiles are available anonymously to all members via our matching processes.
Personal profiles are one way predators find children.
Personal profiles found in newspapers and magazines are gold.
All personal profiles come with pictures.
Personal progress is possible, both in wisdom and in social life.
Personal promotion consists of A. advertising on the radio.
A personal pronoun is a pronoun
Personal pronouns are good words to help keep the distinctions clear.
Personal pronouns are pronouns.
Personal pronouns are quite appropriate in business correspondence.
Personal pronouns have a sub-category called possessive.
Personal pronouns have what is called case .
Personal pronouns help make writing sound like natural conversation.
Personal pronouns refer to specific people or things.
Personal pronouns refer to specific persons or things.
A personal property is a property
Personal properties are properties.
Personal property accounts for about one-half of the total business property tax burden.
Personal property associated with owners of yachts can be extensive.
Personal property consists of houses, valuable trees, and sweet potato crops.
Personal property going into the Protected Area is passed through an x-ray device.
Personal property held for personal use is tax exempt.
Personal property held for the use and enjoyment of individuals is exempt from taxation.
Personal property includes business furnishings and equipment as well as manufactured homes.
Personal property includes cars, boats and farm equipment, and business assets.
Personal property includes cars, boats and farm equipment.
Personal property includes equipment, furniture, and fixtures.
Personal property includes everything except real estate.
Personal property includes household furniture, carpets, drapes and appliances.
Personal property includes money, goods, chattels, things in action and evidence of debt.
Personal property includes money, goods, chattels, things in action and evidences of debt.
Personal property includes money.
Personal property includes physical assets such as automobiles, equipment, household items, etc.
Personal property includes such items as automobiles, furniture and clothing.
Personal property includes things such as cars, furniture, jewelry and power tools.
Personal property is a big concern.
Personal property is a large share of the property tax base in Georgia.
Personal property is a much older concept.
Personal property is any other kind of property, including money.
Personal property is any property other than buildings or land.
Personal property is anything tangible or intangible.
Personal property is assessed annually.
Personal property is assessed at net book value.
Personal property is assessed every year.
Personal property is assessed from tax returns which are required to be filed.
Personal property is billed throughout the fiscal year.
Personal property is boats, campers, trailers, motor bikes, etc.
Personal property is brought into the Library at the owner s risk.
Personal property is brought to school at one's own risk.
Personal property is business equipment, office machinery, inventory, and furniture and fixtures.
Personal property is covered against direct physical loss caused by a specified peril.
Personal property is defined as tangible and intangible.
Personal property is divided among the children.
Personal property is embraces both tangible property other than realty and intangible property.
Personal property is everything else.
Personal property is governed by principles derived from English common law.
Personal property is however, the responsibility of the owner.
Personal property is left unguarded in places where the opportunity is ripe for it to be taken.
Personal property is movable goods.
Personal property is movable.
Personal property is private property.
Personal property is property other than the building.
Personal property is reappraised annually.
Personal property is reassessed every year.
Personal property is secured and disposed of.
Personal property is separate and distinct, and there is no common property.
Personal property is simply all property other than interests in land or buildings.
Personal property is tagged or marked to make identifiable.
Personal property is taken away while on cell restriction.
Personal property is taxable in the county where it is located as of the assessment date.
Personal property is taxed at the full statutory rate.
Personal property is the responsibility of the student.
Personal property is updated every year.
Personal property means property of any kind except real property.
Personal property taxes Personal property taxes are deductible too.
Personal property used in drug transactions are subject to seizure.
All personal property is sold at auction by open bid to the highest bidder.
All personal property is subject to inspection upon leaving the reading room.
All personal property is tangible.
All personal property is taxable unless it is specifically exempt by law.
All personal property is taxable, even unlicensed vehicles.
All personal property is valued, given situs and billed.
Most personal property is taxed in the county and city where the taxpayer lives.
Personal propriety is a small part of the equation.
Personal prosperity is another springboard.
Personal protection Avoid exposure to dust.
Personal protection Avoid exposure to powder.
Personal protection Consider staying indoors from dusk to dawn when mosquitoes are most active.
Personal protection Handle with care.
Personal protection Handle with caution.
Personal protection is a basic human right.
Personal protection is also important.
Personal protection is important and effective.
Personal protection is the best recourse.
Personal protection is the best way to prevent malaria and other insect-transmitted diseases.
Personal protection is the primary concern.
Personal protection Use due care.
Personal protection Work with adequate ventilation.
Personal publishing is truly within reach of nearly everyone.
All personal purchases require a visit to the store.
Personal purity is another way in which true religion manifests itself.
Personal qualifications are also important in selecting candidates.
Personal qualities are also important.
Personal qualities are as important as academic ones.
Personal qualities are as important as technical skills.
Personal qualities are important in providing the unique services of physical therapists.
Personal qualities are important.
Personal qualities are more important than a particular academic background.
Personal qualities are more important than age.
Personal qualities are more important than subject of study.
Personal qualities are the most important factor.
Personal qualities are therefore very important.
Personal qualities can be more important than specific skills.
Personal qualities come into play as well, they add.
Personal qualities play an important role.
Personal qualities showing a potential for leadership are also a requirement.
Personal qualities suffer a similar fate.
Personal questions are probably inappropriate in general anyway.
Personal questions are really tough.
Personal questions warrant a common sarcastic retort.
Personal rapport is extremely important.
Personal rate applies to subscriptions at a private address paid by personal cheque or credit card.
Personal rates are available to subscribers in North America only.
Personal reaction is the vital seed of all meaningful language-learning.
Personal reading is continued at home, with students reading a set period of time each evening.
Personal reading is part of the course.
Personal reading is prioritized.
Personal Reasons Check if appropriate.
Personal reasons leave is the subject of section three .
Personal recognition is a powerful tool in building morale and motivation.
Personal recognition is high on most people's priorities.
Personal recognition is important, too.
Personal recognition is just a click away.
Personal recollections are often negative, especially for the math anxious teacher.
Personal recollections have enormous value as eyewitness accounts.
Personal recommendation is always the best.
Personal recommendation is important.
Personal recommendation is often the best advertisement.
Personal recommendation is one of the best ways to find a good agent.
Personal recommendation is our most effective form of advertising.
Personal recommendations are always a good way to find a Realtor.
Personal recommendations are optional.
Personal recommendations can be very helpful.
Personal recommendations can make a difference here.
Personal recommendations get much better results than just plain ads.
Personal recommendations go a long way.
Personal recommendations make a trip to Paris worthwhile.
Personal recommendations work well, too.
Personal records are a necessary part of our lives.
Personal records are important to any track and field athlete, win or lose.
Personal records are located in homes.
Personal records contain personal information about identifiable indivduals.
Any personal record gives the person a chance to be a user of the system.
Personal recovery can partially heal each root of co-dependence, over time.
Personal references are available on request.
Personal references are excellent for building credibility with new prospects.
Personal references are probably the weakest source.
Personal references are still the best means of referral.
Personal references are the best.
Personal references are the least effective.
Personal references are unacceptable.
Personal referral is still one of the better routes to go.
Personal referrals are always a boon in a job search.
Personal referrals are one of the best contact points between employers.
Personal referrals are the best way to gain a new customer.
Personal referrals are usually the best way to find any professional, including a mediator.
Personal referrals are usually the most reliable ones.
Personal referrals can be a great way to identify potential candidates.
Personal referrals can be very valuable in a job search when they lead to appropriate contacts.
Personal referrals help, too.
Personal reflection considers pride, prejudice, mortality, suicide, love, disease.
Personal reflection exercises.
Personal reflection provides a mirror for major philosophical figures from the past and present.
Personal registration is an important obligation of the graduate student.
Personal registration is required.
Personal rejections are the next best thing to a sale.
A personal relation is a relationship
Personal relations are also an important reason for irregular status.
Personal relations are relationships.
Personal relations are very important and are in play all the time.
Personal relations make a difference. . . .
A personal relationship is a relationship
Personal relationship enhances the mentoring relationship.
Personal relationship implies communication.
Personal relationships are a factor in government contracts.
Personal relationships are an essential part of any system to discover and act on abuse and neglect.
Personal relationships are critical to success in doing anything over here.
Personal relationships are crucial to success in business in the region.
Personal relationships are essential for a fulfilling life.
Personal relationships are essential for a fullfilling life.
Personal relationships are essential.
Personal relationships are far more important than corporate ones.
Personal relationships are important and local representation is an asset.
Personal relationships are important for business transactions.
Personal relationships are important.
Personal relationships are in flux, or careers have turned dull.
Personal relationships are more important than contracts in Japan.
Personal relationships are more important than time.
Personal relationships are much riskier than business.
Personal relationships are one of the most important ingredients of an internship .
Personal relationships are our biggest challenges.
Personal relationships are risky.
Personal relationships are secondary to product performance.
Personal relationships are so important.
Personal relationships are the basis of business life in Italy.
Personal relationships are the blueprint for all other aspects of society.
Personal relationships are the cornerstone of our customized Web services.
Personal relationships are the keys to successful advocacy efforts.
Personal relationships are the milestones for doing business in Azerbaijan.
Personal relationships are the strength and foundation of the organization.
Personal relationships are the whole deal.
Personal relationships are very important when doing business in Japan.
Personal relationships are very important.
Personal relationships are vital to doing business in Chile.
Personal relationships are, like speaking more generally, culturally situated processes.
Personal relationships become especially stressed.
Personal relationships breed trust.
Personal relationships can be satisfying.
Personal relationships can become frayed, crumpled or even dangerous.
Personal relationships can cloud business advice.
Personal relationships deteriorate.
Personal relationships develop through our walk together.
Personal relationships follow business relationships.
Personal relationships helps integration of resources.
Personal relationships increase the long-term value of each customer.
Personal relationships languish without care and love.
Personal relationships matter a lot.
Personal relationships mean a lot in the music world, which can be a blessing and a curse.
Personal relationships play a crucial role in Russian business.
Personal relationships shimmer and open the door to greater self-discovery and happiness.
Personal Remarks Making derogatory remarks about others is a bad idea.
Personal renewal is the foundation.
Personal renewal is through the work of The Holy Spirit.
Personal rentals are available to state of Texas employees on person travel.
Personal rentals are available to state of Texas employees on personal travel.
Personal repentance is important only as a prerequisite to national repentance.
Personal replication is more complicated than it appears.
Personal reports are available.
A personal representative is a representative
Personal representative can sell the vehicle without taking title to it first.
Personal representative closes the estate.
Personal representative distributes the assets.
Personal representative gives notice to creditors.
Personal representative prepares an inventory and appraisal of property and credits.
Personal representatives are available to assists callers during regular business hours.
Personal representatives are representatives.
Personal representatives have duties.
Personal representatives have legal duties.
Personal representatives have responsibility.
Most personal representatives have duties.
Most personal representatives have legal duties.
Most personal representatives have responsibility.
Some personal representatives choose methods.
Some personal representatives follow laws.
Some personal representatives meet qualifications.
Personal requests mean, for example, demand for ground floor accommodation or a sea view etc.
Personal research has the added benefit of being part of the learning process.
Personal research is an integral part of the graduate degree.
Personal research suggests in almost all cases nits hatch within a week.
Personal residence is defined to include secondary residences such as vacation homes.
Personal resiliency is the ability to be strong and flexible in dealing with change.
Personal resources are equally important to the development of an exceptional leader.
Personal resources refer to the inner strengths which are continually supported and enhanced.
Personal respirators are portable and filter out more air borne particles than conventional masks.
Personal response is made with each inquiry with e-mail and a personal letter for each product sold.
Personal responses are best.
Personal responsibility belongs to the people.
Personal responsibility focuses on individual feelings, motives, wants, goals.
Personal responsibility is a major theme of the prophets.
Personal responsibility is a necessary condition of a truly civil society.
Personal responsibility is a necessity in the health care world.
Personal responsibility is an essential element in any healing process.
Personal responsibility is an outdated concept.
Personal responsibility is another overworked Republican theme.
Personal responsibility is assigned to individual key holders.
Personal responsibility is discouraged.
Personal responsibility is emphasized.
Personal responsibility is essential to define individuality.
Personal responsibility is everything.
Personal responsibility is how it starts.
Personal responsibility is important for every member of the department.
Personal responsibility is in.
Personal responsibility is Karma.
Personal responsibility is key here as well.
Personal responsibility is long overdue.
Personal responsibility is more and more emphasised.
Personal responsibility is necessary in any democracy.
Personal responsibility is necessary to keep our lives from becoming boring.
Personal responsibility is our greatest act of freedom.
Personal responsibility is probably the key around here.
Personal responsibility is replaced by industrial responsibility.
Personal responsibility is sidelined, a mute onlooker in the spectacle of randomness.
Personal responsibility is the cornerstone of a moral nation.
Personal responsibility is the focus of current legislation and law at all levels.
Personal responsibility is the highest virtue parents can hope to instill in their children.
Personal responsibility is the key to a just society.
Personal responsibility is the key to a more decent and just society.
Personal responsibility is the key to fire safety.
Personal responsibility is the key word in our alcohol policy.
Personal responsibility is the key.
Personal responsibility is the price of riding a public school bus.
Personal responsibility is the price.
Personal responsibility is very important.
Personal responsibility is, therefore, a course requirement.
Personal responsibility lies at the core of all our social conditions - good and bad.
Personal responsibility means keeping commitments and expecting others to do the same.
Personal responsibility starts at the top.
Personal responsibility wakes bureaucrats up the same way it does anyone else.
Personal restoration is the process of spiritually restoring the person who has sinned.
Personal results depend on commitment, perspective and circumstances.
Personal returns are welcome.
Personal revelation is essential to our salvation.
Personal revelations are subject to error and abuse.
Personal revolution is just a pen and notebook away.
Personal rhythms are important.
Personal risk includes the chance of losses due to injuries, sickness, or death.
Personal ritual becomes important when everything else is in flux.
Personal rivalries account for the removals and killings in some cases.
Personal rivalry is said to be the motive.
Personal rumors can be some of the most vicious.
Personal runes can represent letters, deities, qualities, events, and natural forces.
Personal safety comes before more abstract needs like freedom.
Personal safety comes first.
Personal safety depends on proper training and the degree of each firefighter's physical fitness.
Personal safety is a fundamental human right and basic factor in determining our quality of life.
Personal safety is a fundamental right.
Personal safety is a growing concern within the health care industry.
Personal safety is a priority for all the victims in the home, including the children.
Personal safety is a pro-active issue.
Personal safety is also a serious concern.
Personal safety is always the first consideration in a disaster so the building was evacuated.
Personal safety is an important concern for everyone.
Personal safety is an issue for many teens.
Personal safety is another important issue.
Personal safety is another issue.
Personal safety is assured because all drivers are retired police officers.
Personal safety is discussed as well as specialty topics such as age, drugs, weather and health.
Personal safety is emphasized at all times.
Personal safety is forgotten as animals go all out to find a mate.
Personal safety is high, at least by New York City standards.
Personal safety is important, too.
Personal safety is more important than property.
Personal safety is one major issue for women.
Personal safety is paramount.
Personal safety is the first priority, but safety of the bear is also a concern.
Personal safety is the primary concern.
Personal safety is therefore paramount.
Personal safety is top priority.
Personal safety regarding landscape design and lighting are always a top priority.
Personal safety Take precautions and bird with a friend.
Personal sags are to be met at the designated checkpoints only.
Personal sales are subject to local taxes.
Personal sales are the lifeblood of the syndicate business.
Personal salvation is a new theme recently announced.
Personal salvation is a poor motive for faith.
Personal salvation is evidenced through our role in promoting missions and Christian social action.
Personal salvation is the first step toward the redemption of all creation.
Personal satisfaction is achieved through a sense of accomplishment and a job well done.
Personal satisfaction is often the primary reward.
Personal saving is personal income less personal outlays and personal current taxes.
Personal saving is tax-exempt.
Personal savings accounts.
Personal savings are a core component of a financially secure retirement policy.
Personal savings are at historical lows.
Personal savings are the main source of funds for starting a business.
Personal savings comes first.
Personal savings comprise the bulk of money spent on higher education.
Personal savings divided by disposable personal income is the personal savings rate.
Personal savings is a dartboard.
Personal savings is at the lowest point in history.
Personal savings is defined as the difference between disposable income and expenditures.
Personal savings is the third element in successful retirement planning.
Personal savings remain available for family and retirement needs.
Personal schedules are busier than ever, so e-mail makes communication more convenient.
Personal schedules yield to the demands.
Personal searches are a difficult issue for most people.
Personal section is updated daily.
Personal security appears to be of less importance.
Personal security combined with active neighborhood crime watch efforts intensify safety.
Personal security is a major consideration when travelling in the United States.
Personal security is a principal concern and can be addressed in a variety of ways.
Personal security is a very subjective thing to talk about.
Personal security is higher in the most urbanised countries than in the least urbanised countries.
Personal security is primarily common sense.
Personal security is the responsibility of each individual member.
Personal security remains a concern in many developing and international countries.
Personal separation is a matter of preference, no longer of devotion.
Personal service counts.
Personal service goes a long way, especially on-line.
Personal service includes delivery of the copy to a responsible person at the office of counsel.
Personal service is a priority to the knowledgeable, well trained, professional and friendly staff.
Personal service is a priority.
Personal service is always the focus.
Personal service is another key to the company's survival.
Personal service is assured as is style and quality.
Personal service is assured by our maximum capacity of six guests.
Personal service is assured.
Personal service is available during the hours the library is open.
Personal service is emphasized with a maximum of three hunting parties at any time.
Personal service is more than a phone call.
Personal service is number one.
Personal service is of the highest standard.
Personal service is one of our core values.
Personal service is our cornerstone.
Personal service is our focus.
Personal service is our hallmark.
Personal service is our number one priority.
Personal service is our priority.
Personal service is our reputation.
Personal service is our specialty, for individuals, couples or corporate groups.
Personal service is our specialty.
Personal service is our top priority.
Personal service is our watch word.
Personal service is paramount.
Personal service is provided at reasonable cost.
Personal service is recognized by Wisconsin law as a proper form of service.
Personal service is required for all papers which start a case.
Personal service is required.
Personal service is second to none.
Personal service is something our customers deserve and receive.
Personal service is stressed at every level.
Personal service is the cornerstone of the program.
Personal service is the key ingredient to our success.
Personal service is the key ingredient.
Personal service is the key to accommodating our guests.
Personal service is the key to many local businesses' success.
Personal service is the watchword here.
Personal service is their hallmark.
Personal service is their keynote.
Personal service is very good too.
Personal service is vital to the company's success.
Personal service is what every customer expects, and that is what they get.
Personal service makes all the difference.
Personal service matches clients' needs with qualified attorneys.
Personal service means catering to each guest's individual requirements.
Personal service supported by an expierenced team is structured much like a group practice.
Personal services are optional services for the benefit, care or enjoyment of a resident.
Personal services help goals.
Personal services is our key to accommodating our guests.
All personal services are exactly that.
All personal services are payable in cash or check only.
All personal services are the responsibility of the individual with a disability.
Many personal services are available including monorail rides.
Most personal services help goals.
Personal sessions are by far the most effective.
Personal setbacks can be a wellspring of change.
Personal sharing is a great chance to build trust and prepare for future talks.
All personal shit ends now .
Personal shoppers are more than welcome to come visit our warehouse.
Personal shoppers display life.
Personal shoppers do the walking, picking, purchasing and even credit card signing.
Personal shoppers fill special requests from a nominating party for snow gear, school supplies, etc.
Personal shoppers strive to make dressing in the morning as painless as possible.
Most personal shoppers display life.
Some personal shoppers assist consumers in purchasing a particular item.
Personal shopping is a staple of most media consultants' repertoires.
Personal shopping is by appointment only.
Personal shredders are now available for a fairly nominal cost.
Personal significance is evident.
Personal sin gives demonic influences legal rights to our lives.
Personal sin is the symptom of a disease.
Personal site includes a salvation page, teachings and links to other Christian sites.
Personal site offers a large selection quality baseball cards for sale.
Personal site offers information on aspects of multiple chemical sensitivity, and book list.
Personal sites are also one of our specialties.
Personal sites are free.
Personal sites are our bases.
Personal sites are probably a better bet than commercial sites.
Personal sites are welcome to apply for the associates program.
Personal sites comprise a large part of the Web.
Personal sites have a better chance of getting the free banners.
Personal sites run the gamut through all aspects of personal intetrests.
Personal sites vary from the very simple to very complex, show-offs.
Some personal sites are very accurate and fair while others are extremely inaccurate or biased.
Some personal sites provide collections of annotated links to other sites.
Personal situations can and do impact student performance.
Personal skills determine how people manage themselves.
Personal skills involve being conscientious, dedicated, determined and persistent.
Some personal skills enhance adult life.
Some personal skills enhance life.
Personal software is subject to immediate removal.
Personal solutions exist.
Personal sovereignty has a high price.
Personal space includes a person's wheelchair, crutches, or other mobility aid.
Personal space is important in nonverbal communication.
Personal space is important.
Personal space is influenced by many different things.
Personal space is marked by boundaries.
Personal space is modulated by communicators to control the communication act.
Personal space is now an unshakeable priority.
Personal space is one of the concepts of space in proxemics.
Personal space is very important, and Japanese people frown on loud speech.
Personal space is very limited in China, especially while conversing.
Personal space serves many purposes and changes as humans develop.
Personal spending varies among individuals.
Personal spirituality grows within the Christian community.
Personal spirituality seems to be more important than history.
Personal statements are just that, personal.
Personal stationery can be so fun.
Personal status is of relatively small importance in Swedish business life.
Personal stereos are another source of hearing damage risk.
Personal stewardship is a central spiritual issue in the health and well-being of the congregation.
Personal storage adds gigabytes for audio, video, photos, and more.
Personal storage is lifted up off the ground to make it easier to reach into.
Personal stories add life to any speech.
Personal stories are for sharing and for hearing and for seeing and for feeling.
Personal stories are one of the best ways humans have to relate to each other.
Personal stories are welcome as well.
Personal stories can be highly persuasive.
Personal stories can be very powerful.
Personal stories define the essence of life as lived and experienced.
Personal stories depict the impact of U.S. immigration laws.
Personal stories make an impact and truly achieve results.
Personal stories make the past come alive.
Personal stories proceed apace, too.
Personal stories show that adoption touches real individuals, with unique stories.
Personal story aims to improve 'connections between hard of hearing and the 'hearing world.
Personal story alleges horrific child abuse of all kinds.
Many personal stories explain emotions, medical and family issues.
Some personal stories provide potential.
Personal strength is the second.
Personal stress can take a real toll on a firm's profitability.
Personal struggle can lead to greater strength and vision.
Personal struggle is part of the artistic process.
Some personal study is required.
Personal stuff ends up getting on the court.
More personal stuff is here.
Personal style can also affect the relationship between Leaders.
Personal style comes into it, too.
Personal style is also a growing source for home improvement ideas.
Personal style is evidenced by certain tell-tale signs.
Personal style is exaggerated.
Personal style is now much more of a uniform.
Personal style is our visual calling card to the world.
Personal style is sacred.
Personal style is the main thing.
Personal style is very important today.
Personal submissions welcome.
Personal subscribers can pay by personal checks.
Personal subscribers get both CD-ROM and online access with their subscription to UpToDate .
Personal subscription is available upon request .
Personal subscriptions are available for individual academics.
Personal subscriptions are available.
Personal subscriptions provide online access only.
Personal subscriptions require payment to be sent at the same time as application.
Personal success is acknowledged through awards, grants, and educational programs.
Personal success is much more than personal acquisition.
Personal success is realized through team achievements.
Personal support is available either by email or by telephone.
Personal support is available to a student when desired from the teacher.
Personal support is given throughout the program.
Personal surveys provide in-depth answers, meeting respondents face to face.
Personal systems are lower in cost, and feature displays and cameras designed for individuals.
Personal systems run stand-alone and offer users enough power and capability to do their tasks.
Personal taste have very little to do with promotions.
Personal taste is an interesting thing.
Personal taste is another key consideration.
Personal taste is often an issue.
Personal taste is the first requirement.
Personal taste is the ultimate measure for validity.
Personal taste is very individual.
Personal taste varies.
Personal tastes are important.
Personal tastes are out of fashion.
Personal tastes play a large part in the process.
Personal tastes vary on which mulches are attractive.
Personal tax is also among the lowest in the world.
Personal taxes are too heavy and real incomes have stagnated.
Personal temperament is dealt with in the next chapter as it relates to vocational choice.
Personal tensions grow between the two men.
Personal tests are sometimes hard to complete.
Personal testimonials are a powerful form of persuasion.
Personal testimonies are exciting and rewarding and can be of great value in providing alternatives.
Personal testimonies are often the best argument for getting people out of darkness.
Personal testimony can also provide dramatic support material.
Personal testimony can make a powerful impact.
Personal testimony is a powerful thing.
Personal testimony is far more eloquent than a dry list of potential medical consequences.
Personal testimony is powerful.
Personal theft is common.
Personal theories change slowly, even when physical evidence contradicts their very foundations.
Personal theory is also to be applied to the topics of resource and system management.
Personal ties go only so far.
Personal time is a daily insurance policy against the hazards of stressful living.
Personal time is limited.
Personal time is precious.
Personal time is very important .
All personal time is paid in full.
Personal timetables are available from the student information list .
All personal toiletries are to be supplied by the guests.
Personal tools use to goals.
Most personal tools use to goals.
Personal touch gives the cards more added credability.
Personal touch is best.
Personal touches add a homey feeling.
Personal touches are fantastic.
Personal touches make each room even more home-like.
Personal touches make the members feel at home.
Personal tours are available with advance notice.
Personal tradition is made daily.
Personal trainer provides the student with hands on planning for diet and exercise management.
Personal trainers advance to positions.
Personal trainers are available at the fitness center.
Personal trainers are available by appointment.
Personal trainers are available for an additional charge.
Personal trainers are available on staff.
Personal trainers are available, at an additional charge.
Personal trainers are available, so are a variety of daily classes.
Personal trainers are available.
Personal trainers are corrective and high-performance exercise kinesiologists.
Personal trainers are high in demand, especially to the serious enthusiast.
Personal trainers are much more involved.
Personal trainers are no exception.
Personal trainers assess levels.
Personal trainers assume multiple roles.
Personal trainers assume roles.
Personal trainers ave avilable by appointment.
Personal trainers can be trendy.
Personal trainers can create a custom program.
Personal trainers comprise the new priesthood.
Personal trainers help fitness goals.
Personal trainers help goals.
Personal trainers make their living by getting fast results for people.
Personal Trainers make workouts fun.
Personal trainers proficient in exercise physiology and fitness management.
Every personal trainer struggles with creating a successful training business.
Many personal trainers focus only on the physical body.
Many personal trainers insist clients pay for missed appointments.
Many personal trainers recommend tennis players strengthen their core abdominal muscles.
Most personal trainers assess levels.
Most personal trainers assume multiple roles.
Most personal trainers assume roles.
Most personal trainers help fitness goals.
Most personal trainers help goals.
Most personal trainers recommend high school athletes train three to four times weekly.
Most personal trainers start by being employed by health and wellness establishments.
Some personal trainer comes out and tries to get the crowd to exercise.
Some personal trainers know interest.
Personal training can be an extremely rewarding experience.
Personal Training Find out the facts about in-home training.
Personal training involves one to five individual sessions with an experienced trainer.
Personal training is a great way to customize a workout to meet individual needs.
Personal training is a one on one session with a qualified certified fitness consultant.
Personal training is a route taken by entrepreneurs in the exercise science field.
Personal training is also available from certified professionals.
Personal training is also available, so call for details.
Personal training is available anywhere in the states.
Personal training is available for a small fee.
Personal training is available for an additional fee.
Personal training is available for members and non-members.
Personal training is available.
Personal training is by appointment only.
Personal training is the answer.
Personal training offers individualized programs to promote a healthy life-style.
Personal training remains one of the fastest growing segments of the fitness industry.
Personal Training Take the next step to increased fitness.
Personal traits are attitudes and characteristics which contribute to performing work.
Personal traits become magnified.
Many personal traits are also necessary.
Many personal transactions have corporate equivalents.
Personal transformation can occur overnight or gradually over many years.
Personal transformation continues apace, right on schedule for next month s Coming Out.
Personal transformation is a very slow process.
Personal transformation is hard work.
Personal transformation is more than a work about individual happiness or individual enlightenment.
Personal transformation leads to integration.
Personal transformation promotes systemic transformation.
Personal transmissions are inappropriate.
Personal transparencies are half price for faculty.
Personal transportation is a necessity.
Personal transportation is as cheap as it's ever been.
Personal transportation is mandatory.
Personal transportation is recommended.
Personal transportation is required.
Personal transportation is truly a marvel of the twentieth century. . .
Personal travel is at the expense of the traveler and no portion is reimbursable by the government.
Any personal travel is the expense of the traveler.
Personal tributes abound.
Personal trip reports.
Personal triumphs are the end result of being patient and of persevering.
Personal trust is the second element of faith.
Personal tutorials are also key fixtures.
Personal TV makes it easy to do just that.
Personal understanding is important and worth the effort.
Personal unions can begin for very different reasons.
Personal uses are generally pages about a person, friends, hobbies, family, etc.
Personal usage is based on a proration of personal miles to total miles.
Personal usage is permitted.
Personal use excludes inclusion on another web-site.
Personal use includes spouses and relatives using the tickets.
Personal use is a precondition for comprehension.
Personal use is a violation of the law.
Personal use is defined as the private, noncommercial use of images.
Personal use is discouraged except when other means of communication are unsuitable.
Personal use is permissible.
Personal use is permitted so long as it is demonstrably reasonable and judicious.
Personal use is permitted, for such purposes as mail, news, entertainment, etc.
Personal use is permitted.
Personal use is restricted.
Personal use is unlimited.
Personal users can also see files in the common groups.
Personal vacations are our main focus.
Personal values are just that - personal.
Personal values are one of the consistent threads that connect all coaches.
Personal values are to some extent in the eye of the beholder.
Personal vanity is a potent factor in self-exclusion.
Personal vehicle is required.
Personal vehicles are a key component of our everyday lives.
Personal vehicles are the most common form of transportation.
Personal vehicles assemble.
Personal vengeance is forbidden - in both Testaments.
Personal verification is just that, personal.
Personal version is free with admin control.
Personal victims are most likely to be stalked by an ex-partner.
Personal views are important but voting is sacred and the vote is in and it was positive.
Personal violence seems to be associated with young urban males, for example.
Personal visions derive their power from an individual's deep caring for the vision.
Personal visits are also best for one-off jobs such as mail outs on campus and elsewhere.
Personal visits are also valuable.
Personal visits have the most impact.
Personal visits last approximately two hours.
Personal visits offer the highest sales potential, especially for retail goods.
Personal visits require positive identification.
Personal visits work on several levels.
Personal visitation is done at some institutions, as volunteers are available.
Personal wards can be a little trickier.
Personal warmth can make it come alive in the heart.
Personal watercraft are a family boat.
Personal watercraft are clearly a mismatch in national parks.
Personal watercraft are legal vessels.
Personal watercraft are popular rentals as there's a lot of smooth open water to go at.
Personal watercraft are small jet propelled machines.
Personal watercraft are some of the most environmentally friendly boats on the water.
Personal watercraft can easily enter the shallow coves that are favored by nesting loons.
Personal watercraft pollutes the water and air.
Personal watercraft require a sound signalling device.
All personal watercraft have certain common characteristics.
Personal wealth makes up for loss of male dignity at the expense of family welfare.
Personal weapons are the most accessible and by far the most dependable.
Personal Web surfing on company time appears to be on the rise.
Personal webpage contains archive of personal poetry, fiction and essays, with weblinks.
Personal Webpages are among the most useless inventions of the modern age.
Personal webpages connect to the world s biggest bookstore s, both ways.
Most personal webpages are accessible from each department's own homepage.
Personal websites are exempt from state regulations.
Personal websites are less likely to be found on search engines.
Personal websites are welcome as well.
Personal websites fall under our exclusion policy .
Every personal website has one.
Personal witness is an essential part of both proclamation and dialogue.
Personal witness is compelling.
Personal work builds teachers.
Personal work includes tailors and beauticians who work at their own homes.
Personal work is done on PCs and X-terminals.
Personal workers talk loudly in crowded rooms about the Gospel.
Personal worlds can vary dramatically.
Personal worth is carried in higher regard than social standing, race, religion, or creed.
Personal worthiness is an essential requirement to enjoy the blessings of the temple.
A personal is a newspaper article
Personals adds of Bay Area interest.
Personals are a popular and highly lucrative commodity on the internet.
Personals are also welcome.
Personals are fun, personals are great.
Personals are HERE .
Personals are news articles.
Personals are part of newspapers.
Personals are strange.
Personals are the best way of making contact with other singles looking for online romance.
Personals exist online, and recently have begun appearing on the Web.
Personals Find a friend.
Personals find an online mate with our vast personals database.
Personals Find love here.
Personals Find that special someone or make a new friend.
Personals Find that special someone.
Personals is a free service that allows members to post their personal ads and run searches.
Personals is a free service.
Personals is a revue about finding love in the personal ads.
Personals is a staff-written column.
Personals is charming, full of energy and well-groomed.
Personals is for adults only.
Personals is restricted to individuals seeking personal, monogamous relationships.
Personals is the premier site for gay men and women.
Personals makes searching their profiles a breeze.
Personals Meet single people in town.
Personals See our book page and write reviews.
Most personals have the same business model.
A personality assessment is a personality test
A personality assessment is a questionnaire
Personality assessments look at merely one set of variables among many.
Personality assessments tend to present rigid profiles.
Personality change happens in all professions, and sometimes in very negative ways.
Personality change is dependent on changing construct systems.
Personality change is the most common presenting symptom.
Personality change is virtually impossible under ordinary circumstances .
Personality Changes -Apathy and decreased motivation.
Personality changes are another symptom of neurosyphilis.
Personality changes are common such as paranoia, indifference, hostility and aggressiveness.
Personality changes are common, and there is a loss of language and communication skills.
Personality changes are more distinctive- ranging from progressive passivity to marked agitation.
Personality changes can also occur.
Personality changes can indicate hysteria, or schizophrenia, or other psychological malfunctions.
Personality changes can occur, including irritability, insomnia, psychosis, and depression.
Personality Changes live in immediate present .
Personality changes occur and paranoid delusions are often present.
Personality changes occur between headaches.
Personality clashes Are a major and difficult problem to solve.
Personality clashes are common and group work takes a far amount of give and take.
Personality clashes can be damaging, and even highly destructive, in an intense magical situation.
Personality clashes can mean lost business.
Personality conflicts are traceable to tensional body states, to disharmony, to dis-ease.
Personality conflicts arise from lack of plan and order.
Personality conflicts emerge.
Personality conflicts lose their charge.
Personality cults come and go.
Personality development depends on work.
Personality development is an integral part of the curriculum.
Personality development is another concern.
Personality development is intricate and complex.
Personality development is seen as a continual change process.
Personality development is to be seen as psychosexual stages.
Personality development occurs through the formation and strengthening of particular habits.
Personality disorder is a mental disturbance
Personality disorder is a term used to describe a number of different conditions.
Personality disorder is diagnosises.
Personality disorder is diseases.
Personality disorder is mental disorder.
Personality disorder is mental illnesses.
Personality disorders are a little different in adolescents than in adults.
Personality disorders are both frequent and difficult to treat.
Personality disorders are disorders of trait or pattern.
Personality disorders are generally resistant to medications and to therapy.
Personality disorders are incurable.
Personality disorders are long-term problems.
Personality disorders are the best possible responses to abuse.
Personality disorders are the most difficult disorders to treat.
Personality disorders do therefore reflect longstanding personality dysfunction.
Personality disorders involve inflexible and maladaptive responses to stress.
Personality disorders make the recovery process difficult.
Most personality disorders share features with normal personality traits.
Personality profiles are especially dangerous.
Personality profiles help.
Personality profiles highlight people with unique ways to enhance their environments.
Personality psychology focuses on the study of the individual.
Personality psychology is as speculative as it is intriguing.
Personality psychology is the scientific investigation of the individual human personality.
Personality psychology is the scientific study of the person.
A personality test is a test
Personality tests are also very popular with employers.
Personality tests are more standardized and economical than either observations or interviews.
Personality tests are one such measure of individual differences.
Personality tests are psychological tests.
Personality tests are tests.
Personality tests look at the habitual ways that people act.
Most personality tests assess differences within the normal range of personality.
Personality testing is only as good as the moment a test is given.
Personality testing is used in workplaces to identify whom to hire, promote and even put into teams.
Personality theories are general behaviour theories that develop a model of human nature.
Personality theories are no different.
Personality theories are typically functional in their orientation.
Personality theories attempt to account for individual behavior.
Personality theory is even a distraction because it directs attention to the wrong questions.
Personality theory is no different.
Personality theory is taught in clinical courses.
Personality theory provides the context for human behavior and personal responsibility.
Personality traits are dispositions.
Personality traits are equally as important as academic background.
Personality traits are important factors in job success.
Personality traits are intrinsic differences that remain stable throughout most of our life.
Personality traits are liable to lead to other preventable accidents.
Personality traits are more important to show than physical descriptions.
Personality traits are normally aspects of a personality.
Personality traits can predict job performance.
Personality traits remain stable throughout an individual s life.
Personality traits reveal themselves through a predominant color found in the human energy system.
Personality traits select the activities that satisfy psychological motives.
Some personality traits are more difficult to pin down.
Personality type affects how someone recovers from a stroke.
Personality type affects stroke delivery.
Personality type is a major factor.
Personality type is also a poor predictor.
Personality type refers to the psychological classification of different types of people.
Personality types are distinguished from personality traits , which come in different degrees.
All personality types are gifts.
All personality types are welcome.
All personality types fit in engineering.
All personality types have invaluable advantages and strengths.
Any personality type can be good at sales.
Some personality types are more vulnerable to eating disorders than others.
Some personality types deal with stress better than other personality types.
Some personality types have ideas.
Some personality types have more of a tendency to have impulsive, aggressive behaviors than others.
Personalities affect the agents behaviour in the delegation, help and reaction phases.
Personalities appear and are gone.
Personalities appear for vaying lengths of time - hours or days are most common.
Personalities are always different.
Personalities are as important as areas of expertise.
Personalities are as wide-ranging as the nationalities of the members or patrons.
Personalities are different as well as the ways to accomplish goals.
Personalities are distinctive.
Personalities are flat.
Personalities are important for a business, because they show representation for the business.
Personalities are neither good or bad.
Personalities are now quite clear.
Personalities are people that are just known for being on programs.
Personalities are quite different.
Personalities can also affect a people's culture.
Personalities can get flinty.
Personalities can range from tranquil to rather skittish.
Personalities change the moment they leave the litter.
Personalities clash, egos clash.
Personalities Click Here to check out our page.
Personalities Click on the image to view an enlarged version.
Personalities count just as much in the high-tech business as in any other.
Personalities create context.
Personalities decide who wins and who loses.
Personalities do count in dealing with healthcare.
Personalities do make a difference.
Personalities emerge, sometimes different from the ones seen by families and co-workers.
Personalities Find out about the very people who make golf the greatest game in the world.
Personalities get in the way.
Personalities have functions that are specified and limited.
Personalities is a chic boutique for women.
Personalities matter too.
Personalities play a big role, some people like to talk more than others.
Personalities play a part as well.
Personalities play a role.
Personalities representing all tones from virtue to villainy add color and intrigue.
Personalities research by name or keyword.
Personalities seem strangely missing.
Personalities seem to vanish.
Personalities sell products.
Personalities shift, change and reverse.
Personalities shown include newsworthy political, sport and cultural figures.
Personalities still power the engines of commerce, as they always have, for better or worse.
Personalities strongly affect hypotheses.
Personalities tend to show open signs of affection, and concern for others.
Personalities vary as greatly as in any group of students.
Personalities vary as widely as people.
Personalities vary from conformist to creative.
Personality adds to or subtracts from the power that comes through knowledge.
Personality affects ratings of Oral health-related quality of life.
Personality affects the two facets differently.
Personality also feels like a really personal thing.
Personality also goes a long way.
Personality also plays a part.
Personality also plays a role in consulting success.
Personality appears stable.
Personality approaches ignore situational factors influencing prejudice.
Personality based measures makes no reference to theft.
Personality can change in a number of ways.
Personality can come about in index and category labels.
Personality can play a role in producing variation in performance.
Personality can stand alone.
Personality cards each represent a soldier, artillery piece, or vehicle.
Personality certainly makes up for the lack of brilliant plumage.
Personality changes after operations on the frontal lobes.
Personality changes because improper nutrition causes actual changes in one s brain chemistry.
Personality changes with age, just like hair color and skin texture.
Personality changes with age, just like hair gets gray and skin wrinkles.
Personality changes with age, like hair color.
Personality changes with frontal and temporal lobe lesions.
Personality clashes The recall phenomenon appears to be most common in smaller communities.
Personality comes through rather slowly and is only fully known after years.
Personality comprises the totality of individual brilliance and emotional tendencies.
Personality correlates of behavioral consistent individuals.
Personality counts too.
Personality disappears, becomes the arithmetical sum of particular steps.
Personality displays a difference, distinguishing a company from others.
Personality does matter.
Personality does play an important part with respect to hypnotizability.
Personality encourages loyalty.
Personality Enjoys partying on a limited basis.
Personality explains a little bit.
Personality Explains thoughts and feelings, behavior, and the unconscious mind.
Personality features pondered from a suitable distance also seem to coalesce into familiar forms.
Personality Glows with enthusiam.
Personality glows with uniqueness and character.
Personality goes a long way.
Personality grows brands by providing the emotional difference and experience.
Personality has many dimensions and affects job performance in different ways.
Personality has to do with a person's style of life or way of being.
Personality implies that no bond exits with society at all.
Personality includes all our attitudes.
Personality influences the outcome of events in a life.
Personality is a benefit, and premium pricing over the years demonstrates that fact.
Personality is a big thing with our staff too.
Personality is a complex system.
Personality is a difficult thing to define.
Personality is a factor in the amount of weight that individuals gain over their life span.
Personality is a great aphrodisiac, when somebody is charming or funny.
Personality is a huge factor.
Personality is a major determinant of suitability for teaching.
Personality is a mask.
Personality is a name for the body-mind complex, the psychophysical formation.
Personality is a pretense.
Personality is a priority.
Personality is a process of living a life.
Personality is a set of individual differences in behavior.
Personality is a set of talents for dealing with group life.
Personality is a shallow covering.
Personality is a source of energy and causation with an intelligible structure.
Personality is a vital component for choosing a wedding photographer.
Personality is about character and charisma.
Personality is absolutely destroyed, no reconstruction is any more possible.
Personality is affected by and in turn affects each person's experiences and abilities.
Personality is also a bonus.
Personality is also an important factor.
Personality is also really important especially at the international level.
Personality is also really important, especially at the international level.
Personality is always an illusion, a false picture hiding the reality inside.
Personality is always key to compatibility.
Personality is always part of our training philosophy.
Personality is an area of knowledge that can be measured and analyzed.
Personality is an attribute
Personality is an important concept in affect theory.
Personality is an important consideration.
Personality is an individuals thinking, behavior, and feelings.
Personality is another story.
Personality is art itself and the greatest art.
Personality is as important as relevant skill sets.
Personality is as important as substance, however.
Personality is at the beginning of the road and it is only at the end of the road.
Personality is attributes.
Personality is born out of pain.
Personality is both alpha and omega, the beginning and the end of the creative process.
Personality is by nature incongruous, being a product of time.
Personality is celebrities.
Personality is comprised of traits and habits.
Personality is declared most fully.
Personality is deeper than character.
Personality is defined as a combination of psychological traits that classifies a person.
Personality is developed through interaction with other living creatures, primarily humans.
Personality is emotionally powerful with strong desires and sexuality or mysticism.
Personality is explained by intricacies of brain chemistry.
Personality is fixated.
Personality is generally a part of the breed, and a factor in choosing one breed over another.
Personality is given to the star by referencing it as a personal pronoun.
Personality is important a positive attitude and willingness to learn go a long way.
Personality is Important Both plans make sense, but only one meshes with their personalities.
Personality is important too.
Personality is important, because the dull and ordinary are uninspiring.
Personality is important.
Personality is impossible without feelings, thinking, and emotions.
Personality is influenced by social surroundings.
Personality is inseparable part of the self.
Personality is involved.
Personality is irrelevant to truth.
Personality is key to leisure time health .
Personality is key.
Personality is learned.
Personality is mental, humane, witty yet serious, and usually mature.
Personality is merely cocreation of genetics, consciousness and environment.
Personality is more likely to be important when work norms are unclear or hard to enforce.
Personality is much like that regardless of one s theory.
Personality is much more than sensorial tendency.
Personality is much more that all the above listed things however.
Personality is no.
Personality is often a factor.
Personality is only a small part of our character.
Personality is part of people.
Personality is peace-loving and willing to compromise in order to please, a natural diplomat.
Personality is practical, humble, helpful, and supportive.
Personality is present in a variety of facial expressions, smiles, and eye squints.
Personality is pretty easy to define and measure.
Personality is probably the most important factor in conflict between workers.
Personality is reduced to the status of being a by-product of the body.
Personality is related to feelings of control.
Personality is relatively stable over time.
Personality is remarkably stable after young adulthood.
Personality is revealed in an individual's accomplishments.
Personality is sacred.
Personality is self.
Personality is shallow.
Personality is shaped by genes and by environment, particularly peers.
Personality is similar too.
Personality is social convenience.
Personality is that psychological distinction.
Personality is the characteristic way in which a person thinks, feels, and behaves.
Personality is the clue that holds all our service steps in place.
Personality is the combination of thoughts, emotions and behaviors that makes everyone unique.
Personality is the core potential that determines one's success in life and career.
Personality is the interactive result of the person and the situation.
Personality is the last refuge of the ego.
Personality is the last vestige of anthropomorphism.
Personality is the most important factor when hiring an executive.
Personality is the most important thing.
Personality is the most powerful force in the cosmos.
Personality is the original personal property.
Personality is the private world of one's inner experiences.
Personality is the scientific study of how, and why, people are unique and similar to one another.
Personality is the way a person expresses their uniqueness.
Personality is to a man what perfume is to the flower.
Personality is traced from birth through age three.
Personality is traced from birth to age three.
Personality is ultimately more important to both men and women than a fabulous body.
Personality is understood by reference to basic cognitive and affective processes.
Personality is very important.
Personality is viewed as a model of processing information.
Personality is weakened and diluted, and ultimately disappears.
Personality is what can be measured by a personality test.
Personality is, indeed, an important factor in an executive search.
Personality isa entity.
Personality leads to confidence.
Personality makes or breaks a presentation.
Personality means a man's position and mission centering on a certain greater purpose.
Personality migrates to the mind.
Personality moderates responses to advertising sex appeals.
Personality needs associated with high and low scholastic achievement.
Personality offers airchecks and radio related screensavers.
Personality only goes so far.
Personality plays a definite roll in taming.
Personality plays a large role on the job.
Personality plays a part, too.
Personality plays a role in everyone's job performance.
Personality plays an important role that affects academic achievement.
Personality predicts affective reactions to emotion-eliciting film clips.
Personality primarily forms from birth to about age six.
Personality primarily reflects one's partner like a mirror.
Personality refers to the fact that the behavior of any individual shows some consistency.
Personality refers to the ways people perceive and interpret behavior.
Personality relates to the spirit.
Personality remains relatively consistent throughout the lifespan.
Personality remains remarkably stable throughout life.
Personality requires pure understanding, independent of a second person.
Personality requires relationship.
Personality results from the interplay of biological and environmental factors.
Personality scales as predictors of older combat veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder.
Personality scales that ask individuals to answer a series of questions about their behavior.
Personality seems to be a very important factor.
Personality seems to play a major role in how dominant males respond to stress.
Personality serves as a focal point for integrating knowledge from many areas of psychology.
Personality shines through.
Personality stands in the way.
Personality starts to emerge.
Personality tends to be mental with a quirky sense of humor.
Personality tests that always seemed so cryptic, yet so accurate.
Personality traits iv.
Personality traits Personality traits in seasonal affective disorder.
Personality varies depending on who observes the individual.
Personalities often reflect music tastes, or vice versa.
Personality often dictates the ability to respond spontaneously.
All personalities seem intact.
All personalities unlock new options in some events, as well as have events of their own.
Every personality also has an architectural design.
Many personalities have to come together to make up a business.
More personality comes from the hat band.
Most personality tests online use fancy terms.
Some personalities are appropriate for running companies and some are more appropriate for teaching.
Some personalities are in transformation.
Some personalities are just so cute the way they get out of it.
Some personalities are more developed than others.
Some personalities are much more favorable for entrepreneurship.
Some personalities exhibit a reasonable balance on one or other of the polarity pairs.
Some personalities handle some illnesses better than others.
Some personalities just clash.
Some personalities thrive in such an environment, while others shy away from so much work.
Some personality correlates in authoritaranism.
Some personality traits standout as indicators of possible problems.
Personalize medicine has benefits.
Personalize medicine has health benefits.
Personalize medicine has significant benefits.
Personalize medicine has significant health benefits.
Personalize treatments offer chances.
Personalized ads kick in fast.
Personalized announcements have name, degree and major printed into the text of the announcement.
Personalized assistance is available from our friendly and caring staff.
Personalized awards Give small cards with individualized messages of praise and encouragement.
Personalized baskets are available upon request.
Personalized beverages are a terrific way to celebrate any special event.
Personalized blankets are a warm and wonderful gift for both the new baby and parents.
Personalized books are the perfect gift for anyone.
Personalized books build self-esteem and increase child's desire to read.
Personalized brass stocking holders add an elegant decoration to the home for the holidays.
Personalized bricks are a lasting tribute to a friend, family member or special occasion.
Personalized bricks are ideal birthday or anniversary gifts.
Personalized candles are fun to make.
Personalized candles fit perfectly.
Personalized care is available from our private sitters and companions.
Personalized care is optimal care.
Personalized care is our goal from the beginning.
Every personalized comfort is provided in twelve different accommodation categories.
Personalized communications are free of landline infrastructure.
Personalized consultations are free.
Personalized consultations ensure a memorable event.
Personalized copies are available from the author .
Personalized drills are easy to make.
Personalized email is key.
Personalized emails are much more effective than large group lists.
Personalized experience do an additional step of meta-tagging the RLOs.
Personalized fortunes are a guaranteed party hit.
Personalized gifts are extremely popular right now.
Personalized gifts are sure to bring a smile and become treasured keepsakes for years to come.
Personalized Gifts are the fastest growing segment of the gift and photo industries.
Personalized goods are non-returnable.
Personalized handguns are child-resistant.
Personalized handguns can reduce the likelihood of certain gun-related deaths and injuries.
Personalized housing is made possible with personalized keys, another good technology.
Personalized information includes names, dates, facts and figures.
Personalized information is given over the phone at a modest fee.
Personalized information is information put in terms of the client s own situation.
Personalized information needs to be stored on the computer's hard disk.
Personalized instruction is available for an extra fee.
Personalized instruction is available.
Personalized investor buy and sell communications.
Personalized invitations are available through the bookstore at a reasonable cost.
Personalized items are a groomsman gift tradition, but forget cufflinks they never wear.
Personalized items are especially popular and make excellent gifts for grandchildren's bedrooms.
Personalized items are non- returnable.
Personalized items are non-refundable.
Personalized items are our speciality.
Personalized journals allow students to capture examples of their work and write about math.
Personalized labels are also available.
Personalized labels are available for all occasions.
Personalized labels are available.
Personalized labels are easy to make, and fun.
Personalized letters are the most effective.
Personalized letters go out to the contact person.
Personalized letters have more impact.
Personalized mailboxes can be setup for each member of a company or organization.
Personalized mailings attract reader's attention.
Personalized media can be very useful and very entertaining for consumers.
Personalized media can only get better in the future.
Personalized media is a growing trend.
Personalized media means a fast and easy way to get information.
Personalized memorials distract from the greater struggle of ideals.
Personalized menu shows recently used commands first.
Personalized messages are more likely to be read and remembered.
Personalized messages are relevant to the participant's unique situation.
Personalized messages offer an even greater advantage for small businesses.
More personalized monuments seem to be coming back in style.
Personalized mugs are a great craft for kids and adults.
Personalized name puzzles with interlocking letters and name stools with removable letters.
Personalized newscasts are a great application to help drive broadband deployment.
Personalized note taking with an ability to hyperlink directly to a unique page is key.
Personalized options are available.
Personalized ornaments are also available.
Personalized ornaments are keepsakes and the memories last for years and years.
Personalized Ornaments Transform plain, inexpensive ornaments into treasured mementos.
Personalized pencils are fun to own.
Personalized plates are also available at an additional fee.
Personalized plates are also available for an additional cost.
Personalized plates are available for an additional charge.
Personalized plates can consist of no more than seven letters, nor less than two.
Personalized plates take about four to six weeks to arrive after they are ordered.
Personalized poems are also available and make a great gift.
Personalized portals incorporate optimized practices for middle-market IT organizations.
Personalized posters are practical, even for a short runs.
Personalized prints are among the most popular in the gallery.
Personalized products allow our customers to make a personal statement at a reasonable cost.
Personalized products are items featuring individual's names.
Personalized products take longer as do heavier items shipped by truck.
Personalized recruitment goes beyond public relations.
Personalized references are always best.
Personalized reflections are specific examples based on any or all of the items listed below.
Personalized research reports on specific medical conditions.
Personalized schools are safer, and they foster resiliency and competence in children and youths.
Personalized search goes a step further.
Personalized service begins with personal touches .
Personalized service includes maintenance changes without any extra charge .
Personalized service is a top priority.
Personalized service is a very big part of our business philosophy.
Personalized service is assured from initial consultation to live publication.
Personalized service is assured from initial consultation to publication.
Personalized service is evident throughout the property.
Personalized service is limited.
Personalized service is our greatest strength.
Personalized service is our hallmark, and the key to our survival.
Personalized service is our hallmark.
Personalized service is our mainstay.
Personalized service is our number one goal.
Personalized service is our policy.
Personalized service is our speciality.
Personalized service is our specialty.
Personalized service is our strength, and our commitment.
Personalized service is our top priority.
Personalized service is provided for each of our clients .
Personalized service is the benchmark of our organization.
Personalized service is the driving force behind our customer satisfaction.
Personalized service is the key ingredient for establishing close client relationships.
Personalized service is the key to our success, where quality comes first instead of quanity.
Personalized service is the key to the bank's success.
Personalized service is the key to TPAs' success.
Personalized service is the main goal with our highly experienced crew.
Personalized service is what our big beautiful fat sexy women want to provide for bbw lovers.
Personalized services are available.
Personalized services are our criteria.
Personalized sessions cater to each individual climber's needs.
Personalized sessions help clarify specific issues and goals.
Personalized signs are available.
Personalized statistics form both babies and family information are on the back.
Every personalized strategy has the flexibility to address each company s unique challenges.
Personalized support is offered regarding hardware and software problems.
Personalized techniques provide relief from fatigue, muscle soreness and tension.
Personalized text is added by press-on stickers.
Personalized text is added with press-on stickers.
Personalized training is also available.
Personalized treatment is offered in a safe, professional environment.
Personalized trips are also available.
Personalized verses are available for any card.
Personalized wagons are available for all occasions.
Personalized wine makes a wonderful gift and labels are easy to order.
Personalized workout regimens.
Personals ads are necessary to find a mate.
All personals ads placed by individuals are free.
Personalty is a property
Personalty is the property owned by individual persons.
Personalty means personal property.
A personhood is an identity
Personhood begins at conception.
Personhood has no meaning apart from life.
Personhood is a cluster concept, as is humanity.
Personhood is a quality that inheres the very nature of a human.
Personhood is a two-way street.
Personhood is a very vague term.
Personhood is affirmed .
Personhood is an important concept in many contemporary ethical and social debates.
Personhood is fictional.
Personhoods are identities.
Personhood always involves responsibility.
Personification gives an inhuman thing human quality.
Personification involves giving an inanimate object human qualities.
Personification is a common feature of the ancient languages.
Personification is a form of metaphor.
Personification is a person
Personification is a powerful tool because it heightens the overall tone or mood of the poem.
Personification is defined by giving human characteristics or qualities to nonhumans.
Personification is embodiment.
Personification is people.
Personification is the attributing of personal characteristics to inanimate objects for effect.
Personification is the description of an inanimate object as though it had human capacities.
Personification is the English name for the figure.
Personification is the giving of human qualities to an animal, object or idea.
Personification is the name of the game.
Personification is the new sensation, When stuff acts human it improves the presentation.
Personification is the technique of giving human abilities to non-human objects.
Personification is tropes.
Personification is very common in poetry.
Personification means to give human traits to things or animals.
Personnel administration involves the complicated issues surrounding human resource management.
Personnel certification is carried out regularly and on term as well as refresher courses.
A personnel department is a department
Personnel department conducts initial screening, schedules and administers various forms of tests.
Personnel departments are departments.
Most personnel departments have a standard form that is suitable for all vacancies.
Personnel development is essential for effective service delivery.
Personnel directors have so little tape to look at they, have to see the guys in person.
Personnel management Contains information on assigned military and civilian personnel.
Personnel management is a line responsibility and a staff function.
Personnel management is also highly legalistic in today's society.
Personnel management is an integral part of managerial and supervisory responsibilities.
Personnel management works to achieve practical solutions to such problems.
A personnel office is a department
Personnel office seeks dependable person with excellent filing and organizational skills.
Personnel offices can provide information about upcoming transition examinations.
Personnel selection is important in the building of a productive workforce.
Personnel selection is the initial and one of the most important steps in ensuring that success.
Most personnel specialists prefer letters written by a past supervisor.
A personnel is an organization
Personnel accesses the laboratory area via an airlock system equipped with a shower.
Personnel accounts for the largest category of expenses, funding salaries and benefits.
Personnel add considerably to their electrostatic charging by the shoes they wear.
Personnel administers the employee benefits program and serves as the county safety office.
Personnel also describe the prioritization process for snow removal.
Personnel also investigate all fires for cause and origin.
Personnel also keeps copies of all issues that can be picked up at any time.
Personnel also maintain basic documentation files on areas of interest.
Personnel also take care of such tasks as painting and wallpapering.
Personnel also work with the local schools to increase the knowledge of insects to students.
Personnel appointed as advisors are nonvoting participants.
Personnel are a mix of military, civilian and contractor employees.
Personnel are a mix of retired regulars, colonials and combat experienced regular pilots.
Personnel are able to translate.
Personnel are accustomed to travelling around on posting, exchange, courses, etc.
Personnel are actually unique objects within the system.
Personnel are also responsible for their equipment, chemicals, and messes.
Personnel are also subject to overtime, standby, call-back, weekend, holiday, and shift assignments.
Personnel are always available to help with equipment.
Personnel are always on hand to trouble shoot and keep the site functioning.
Personnel are among the industry's founders.
Personnel are another cyber gift.
Personnel are at hand but customers are directed to machines to conduct their transactions.
Personnel are available at all four campuses to assist students in filling out the applications.
Personnel are available for consulting on vocational matters whenever their expertise is needed.
Personnel are available for help during the majority of the day.
Personnel are available to assist in completing the applications.
Personnel are available to assist with administrative problems.
Personnel are available to check records.
Personnel are available to deliver, set up, demonstrate, and assist with operation.
Personnel are available to deliver, set-up, and assist with equipment operation.
Personnel are available to deliver, set-up, demonstrate, and assist with equipment operation.
Personnel are available to translate.
Personnel are awake, dressed, and ready for combat.
Personnel are aware of and follow calibration requirements for equipment used in their area.
Personnel are competent in recognition of arrhythmias and evaluation of ischemic symptoms.
Personnel are critical to the success of the whole operation.
Personnel are eligible to rotate off a vessel once they have completed a six-month tour on board.
Personnel are employees of each institution.
Personnel are exempt if they have been employed at the library less than one year.
Personnel are experts in computer systems and network applications.
Personnel are important to the airline.
Personnel are individually responsible for compliance.
Personnel are instructed to report such health conditions to their supervisors.
Personnel are knowledgeable and can articulate policies.
Personnel are more experienced and better educated than ever.
Personnel are more highly dedicated and professionally trained.
Personnel are more representative of the communities they protect.
Personnel are more secure with on-line support.
Personnel are most technology company's single largest expense item.
Personnel are much more efficient and effective.
Personnel are next.
Personnel are on duty every week.
Personnel are on hand to assist travellers in making connections to their final destinations.
Personnel are on hand, during all business hours, to assist in filling out the forms.
Personnel are on standby.
Personnel are our most valuable resource.
Personnel are pleased with all phases of their new technology.
Personnel are prepared for loading on minimum notice.
Personnel are prepared for several types of programs and organizations.
Personnel are prepared to provide initial evaluation, referral and emergency medical support.
Personnel are qualified and knowledgeable.
Personnel are regularly updated on new developments.
Personnel are responsible for - Selecting and using the appropriate protective equipment.
Personnel are security cleared, bonded and monitored by specific assignment schedules.
Personnel are some- times incompetent.
Personnel are to be sufficiently educated, and to receive ongoing courses and training.
Personnel are to ensure that expenditures are initially assigned to the correct account.
Personnel are to estimate costs as accurately as possible.
Personnel are to observe safe-working practices at all times.
Personnel are uniformed for easy identification.
Personnel are usually on hand to provide building and infrastructure support.
Personnel are very accommodating and efficient.
Personnel are very congenial and source of a wealth of knowledge.
Personnel assemble the fourth set for use on jumps.
Personnel assigned as chiefs of the boat are the top leaders in the enlisted community.
Personnel assigned here serve a one year tour.
Personnel assigned to an education and training command, can also log on to .
Personnel attempts to check all large totes, backpacks, and bags as additional security measures.
Personnel becomes important.
Personnel begin to load cryogenic reactants into the shuttle's fuel cell storage tanks.
Personnel booms One or two man fiberglass and steel constructed aerial booms with baskets.
Personnel call both new, used car dealers and salvage dealers.
Personnel can access current news items as events unfold.
Personnel can add new network and backbone modules to accommodate growth.
Personnel can be an obstacle.
Personnel can grow with the company as communications skills improve.
Personnel can offer advice on wording, placement and costing.
Personnel can provide a complete list and explanation of controlled substances.
Personnel can quickly and easily gain access to scanned documents by an index or key word search.
Personnel can reduce exposure to smokes by rolling down their sleeves.
Personnel can stay on board longer then six months if desired.
Personnel can unload the entire cargo in four days.
Personnel care for students' needs-intellectual, social, emotional, and physical.
Personnel challenges for Web site maintenance.
Personnel changes according to the likes and dislikes of the bosses of the moment.
Personnel changes aside, the work of promoting professional dialogue continues.
Personnel changes underway .
Personnel check weapons physically by serial number.
Personnel clerks assist personnel officers and human resource specialists.
Personnel come and go.
Personnel complain and begin to work on their resumes.
Personnel completes the load sheets.
Personnel completing the course receive a certificate of completion and a wallet card.
Personnel comply with the instructions and all other applicable entry and exit procedures.
Personnel consist of highly skilled specialists.
Personnel continually improve concealment by camouflage with natural material and nets.
Personnel continually inspect campus facilities for potential safety and security hazards.
Personnel continue to be sensitized to the project.
Personnel costs money.
Personnel costs to meet overall state personnel cost requirements.
Personnel cover portions of vehicles that reflect light.
Personnel develop loyalty to the project.
Personnel develops and updates job descriptions on employees.
Personnel does continual outreach into the community to recruit applicants for city jobs.
Personnel does that once a month, usually during the second week of the month.
Personnel employ universal precautions.
Personnel encourage such notification and offer to assist.
Personnel enter and leave the facility only through clothing change and shower rooms.
Personnel enter and leave the facility only through the clothing change and shower rooms.
Personnel establishes clear work responsibilities for each member of the staff.
Personnel evacuate disabled equipment or repair it before the move.
Personnel expect privacy and due process.
Personnel fabricate the panel's with steel reinforcement based on engineering specifications.
Personnel face the occupational hazard of prolonged exposure to the elements.
Personnel follow the policies and procedures of the laboratory.
Personnel fully trained in emergency medicine are always available on-site.
Personnel gain access through a separate double door airlock.
Personnel go outside to smoke and return with outdoor bacteria.
Personnel guide students in methods of library use and appropriation of resources.
Personnel handle all administrative, claim and benefit-related problems.
Personnel has to register manually and can freely choose a username.
Personnel have more duties and greater pressures than ever before.
Personnel have the experience to successfully propagate juvenile mussels in the laboratory.
Personnel have the option of making either an informal or formal complaint.
Personnel have two bosses.
Personnel Here is the entire ISIP team.
Personnel Hire a person to manage the computer lab.
Personnel hold the appropriate credentials and experience for their position.
Personnel hopes to get on-line sometime in the future so employees can update their files.
Personnel Identify the personnel and their duties.
Personnel Includes employee counts by category as well as teacher certification and experience data.
Personnel includes permanent staff, postdoctoral scholars and visiting scientists.
Personnel includes project manager, support and office staff, interviewers, and transcribers.
Personnel includes wages, overtime, employee benefits, training for deputies, etc.
Personnel inform patients of the standby program by posting explanation notices in the waiting area.
Personnel input the date the claim was first recorded in the automated system as the date of claim.
Personnel is a top IT priority.
Personnel is a very important part of our national defense.
Personnel is also an area where there is little flexibility to absorb changes in funding levels.
Personnel is also an issue.
Personnel is also responsible for all civil service and employment matters.
Personnel is an issue, too.
Personnel is another potential area for savings.
Personnel is budgeted based on prior year expenditures.
Personnel is divided into three teams.
Personnel is divided into two teams.
Personnel is in principle hired with a contract of employment, for a well-defined function.
Personnel is key.
Personnel is one of the two discrete fields within public administration.
Personnel is our greatest cost, and benefits in our program are very generous.
Personnel is particularly friendly and helpful.
Personnel is policy.
Personnel is the final internal check prior to advertisement being made.
Personnel is the key among the many elements of management.
Personnel is too much of an obstacle to our efforts to improve performance.
Personnel know at a glance if their boilers and support equipment are working properly.
Personnel know their decision-making authority, limitations, and take only necessary risks.
Personnel Learn about the diversity of talent here at our highly successful organization.
Personnel leave for blood donation.
Personnel list noting functional responsibilities.
Personnel Lists the various personnel resources that the company can draw on.
Personnel located here include the statistical consultant, systems analyst, and web specialists.
Personnel Look at the structure of the college, or check out the latest job vacancies here.
Personnel look for equipment on a daily basis.
Personnel Maintain the caliber of highly qualified professional coaches and staff.
Personnel maintain their currency with new technology.
Personnel Maintaining the highest quality staff is critical to the success of any school district.
Personnel matters is one such reason.
Personnel Meet our dedicated team.
Personnel Meet the staff.
Personnel Meet with our staff members and research assistants.
Personnel needs including numbers, training, benefits, expansion, etc.
Personnel normally roll it above the operations drop.
Personnel occasionally provide lectures on or off campus on topics related to the teaching gardens.
Personnel offer programs, lectures, films and workshops of interest to students in transition.
Personnel offer prompt, courteous and efficient service.
Personnel oversees the processing and orientation of new employees.
Personnel performing annual inspections require a higher level of training.
Personnel performing litter decontamination wear butyl-rubber aprons over their protective garments.
Personnel performing or assisting with rodent survival surgery can benefit from such instruction.
Personnel pirating by departments is discouraged.
Personnel posts the positions and begins to accept applications.
Personnel preferences to Indian tribe members.
Personnel press the spring-loaded arm, freeing the spacer already in place.
Personnel proposes to rely too heavily on insufficiently experienced associates.
Personnel provide assistance with development of appeals for basic benefits.
Personnel Provide educational backgrounds and qualifications of all project personnel.
Personnel Provides a current list of members and their rank.
Personnel provides assistance in accommodating employees and residents with disabilities.
Personnel provides invaluable advice and numbers regarding personnel and benefits issues.
Personnel Provides protection outside the city limits.
Personnel qualify as experts in court.
Personnel Rate the driver's friendliness and politeness.
Personnel receive annual updates or additional training as necessary for procedural changes.
Personnel receive annual updates, or additional training as necessary for procedural changes.
Personnel receive extensive health and safety training.
Personnel receives and places copy in the personnel record of the employee.
Personnel receives, reviews, updates records and files copy in employee's personnel record.
Personnel records A number of record series cover military personnel in Tasmania.
Personnel remove temporary markers and replace start and end row markers with permanent markers.
Personnel report painful shocks to their heads while wearing headsets.
Personnel reports that the nomination response has been very good.
Personnel represent a large type of recurring cost.
Personnel represents the primary cost, with capital equipment a secondary concern.
Personnel requires a completed register to be submitted at the end of each month.
Personnel respond from their homes to the stations.
Personnel responding to an incident can operate in a safer, more efficient environment.
Personnel return by air and the equipment follows at a later date by surface.
Personnel rotate their assignments between ambulances and fire engines.
Personnel routinely work in extreme environmental conditions and in remote locations.
Personnel seeking opportunities can send their resumes to the same email address.
Personnel selected are the best available, medically fit and free from all infectious diseases.
Personnel sends the mailing list directly to Central Duplicating.
Personnel serve an initial period on active duty after attending basic training and job training.
Personnel Serve as the professional developers for company chemical NCOs.
Personnel specialize in helicopter completions maintaining job continuity and quality.
Personnel stay in constant communication with the dispatcher.
Personnel strive to maximize possible benefits, and minimize possible harms.
Personnel supporting remote camps spend significant time in the field.
Personnel take their positions for either operating equipment or observing.
Personnel then add local information such as address, phone number and unit details.
Personnel then go to the anchor point and put in a name for it to find.
Personnel then have until the end of the semester to implement the plans.
Personnel undocument the organization's current documentation.
Personnel use colored pencils, acetate, or other processes to highlight treatment areas.
Personnel use evaluation results to improve all staff development programs.
Personnel Use part-time employees as appropriate.
Personnel use radios minimally.
Personnel use the airlocks to enter or leave the laboratory only in an emergency.
Personnel wear gloves when handling infected animals.
Personnel wear surgical masks, hair net, gloves, shoe covers, and gowns.
Personnel work five days per week.
Personnel work in a safe manner and aware of dangers on the scene.
Personnel work in natural settings with infants, toddlers, and children through grade five.
Personnel work to coordinate routine and emergency operations.
Personnel working with volunteers require special training and oversight.
Personnel frequently are the largest expenditure.
Personnel frequently work in partnership with industry to develop standards for systems.
Personnel often acts as judge and jury when it comes to employee related issues.
Personnel often disregard patients' dignity.
All personnel accept full responsibility for all students and their learning.
All personnel are active in DISA, which administers an alcohol and drug testing program.
All personnel are at a four hour minimum call.
All personnel are aware or our recycling practices and are responsible for the program.
All personnel are civil servants.
All personnel are cross trained in fire fighting and hazardous material operations.
All personnel are cross-trained for other duties in addition to their primary specialty.
All personnel are cross-trained on four console positions.
All personnel are efficient and effective in providing services to the community.
All personnel are full-time state employees.
All personnel are highly trained and career oriented.
All personnel are in alphabetical order.
All personnel are New Jersey State certified to perform all of their duties.
All personnel are on probation for a period of one year.
All personnel are participants in the professional development process.
All personnel are radio dispatched for immediate response .
All personnel are responsible for continuous quality improvement.
All personnel are responsible for identifying new risks.
All personnel are responsible for their own financial support.
All personnel are responsible for treating others with mutual respect and dignity.
All personnel are subject to being recalled to duty by pager if emergencies require it.
All personnel are superbly qualified and experienced professionals.
All personnel are team members, who work together to achieve the clients' objectives.
All personnel are to report to work tomorrow.
All personnel are to seek shelter in the basement immediately.
All personnel are to vacate the area immediately.
All personnel are uniformed professionals who are service oriented.
All personnel are welcome.
All personnel can run blue lights with proper authorization.
All personnel carry out their responsibilities in a professional manner.
All personnel consider it their responsibility to answer any questions from citizens.
All personnel evacuate.
All personnel have e-mail at their desktop.
All personnel have extensive experience in the environmental industry.
All personnel have first-hand entrepreneurial experience.
All personnel have professional track records with oil and oil drilling companies.
All personnel have voice mail.
All personnel involved is indispensable to the successful outcome of such a project.
All personnel listed on the protocol can view it.
All personnel live in temper-tents.
All personnel maintain appropriate daily hygiene and appearance.
All personnel occupy single rooms with shared heads.
All personnel operate from our corporate office in Winter Park, Florida.
All personnel participate in quality enhancement teams and are trained in indusrty standards.
All personnel perform operational decontamination of their skin and equipment.
All personnel perform related work.
All personnel possess current concealed weapons permits.
All personnel provide their own transportation and are bonded.
All personnel receive bimonthly training and are state certified.
All personnel remain on their normal duty schedules.
All personnel report to emergency escape vehicle launch pod.
All personnel report to supervisors for hurricane team assignments.
All personnel require environmental awareness training.
All personnel respond from their assigned station based on the call for their response area.
All personnel use camouflage materials and netting properly.
All personnel work out of a separate facility from other divisions of public works.
All personnel works full-time.
Most personnel affected by riot control agents require no medical attention and casualties are rare.
Most personnel are reservists.
Most personnel assume that if they wear any kind of protection, their hearing won t suffer.
Some personnel allegedly share the spoils, but most look the other way.
Some personnel appear to be further on the learning curve than others.
Some personnel are indeed in theatre for the second or third time.
Some personnel clerks in smaller organizations perform reception as well as other clerical duties.
Some personnel travel frequently during a month requiring more than one page of a travel voucher.
Some personnel use their own laptop computers.
Perspective drawings distort a object s shape to make it appear more realistic.
Perspective drawings help architects think through the detailing at corners and transitions.
Perspective drawings show the office open and closed.
Perspective magazine is a quarterly publication focused on education within the design industry.
Perspective projection is simply a division by depth.
Perspective space is implied yet confounded with ambiguity.
Perspective views are often the most accurate views.
Perspective allows a hospital to identify specific drivers of clinical quality or cost variance.
Perspective becomes first-person as opposed to third, second, or fourth person.
Perspective begins in recognising that Russia has become cynical about the West.
Perspective brings new images into focus.
Perspective can be a terrifying thing.
Perspective can cause difficulties in interpretation, however.
Perspective comes with the passage of time.
Perspective considers reciprocal impact of the individual on the environment.
Perspective creates an illusion of depth or space on a two dimensional surface.
Perspective depends on itself.
Perspective dwarfs the historical landscape.
Perspective exists within the eye and experience of the beholder.
Perspective expands from daily life to national conflict.
Perspective goes out the window.
Perspective involves time as well as space.
Perspective is a balanced view.
Perspective is a consulting firm specializing in software development.
Perspective is a curious measure or analysis, as it ages with the individual.
Perspective is a fun-house mirror.
Perspective is a funny thing.
Perspective is a good thing.
Perspective is a key word here.
Perspective is a natural function of juggling conflicting responsibilities.
Perspective is a personal choice based on experience.
Perspective is a science that studies optical changes of forms, sizes and objects in nature.
Perspective is a summer day by the pool.
Perspective is a technique for representing three-dimensional space on a flat surface.
Perspective is a tricky witch.
Perspective is a valuable tool for gaining clarity, insight and calm.
Perspective is a vital ingredient to dress shopping.
Perspective is a wonderful thing.
Perspective is agri-business.
Perspective is all.
Perspective is also important.
Perspective is always difficult to apply to events of the day and even the century.
Perspective is always hard to apply to issues of the day.
Perspective is an orientation
Perspective is appearances.
Perspective is as important as thick skin.
PerSpective is available as a subscription-based service with biannual updates.
Perspective is by no means common to the art of all epochs and all peoples.
Perspective is critical.
Perspective is crucial in all our assessments of China.
Perspective is developed through an examination of musical elements, styles, forms, and literature.
Perspective is difficult to apply to events of the day.
Perspective is essential.
Perspective is everything, though.
Perspective is everything.
Perspective is Everything.
Perspective is extremely valuable in the study of physics.
Perspective is global.
Perspective is gone, distorted by the blurred sight of jealousy.
Perspective is good.
Perspective is important because perspective determines conclusions.
Perspective is important for anything.
Perspective is important.
Perspective is in the eye of the beholder.
Perspective is key, esp.
Perspective is key, say the experts.
Perspective is like a camera.
Perspective is now everyone's job.
Perspective is paramount.
Perspective is points of view.
Perspective is priceless.
Perspective is relationship.
Perspective is renewed.
Perspective is subjective.
Perspective is such a valuable commodity.
Perspective is that of the guerillas working against government forces.
Perspective is unique.
Perspective is very important during stressful experiences.
Perspective is very important.
Perspective is what defines the interest level of a sport or an event.
Perspective isa attitude.
Perspective looks more realistic.
Perspective modifies the positions of points to give a three-dimensional effect.
Perspective operates in time as well as space.
Perspective plays a huge role in personal satisfaction and sense of well being.
Perspective plays one of the most important roles in the quality of our life.
Perspective presents analysis and commentary representing a wide spectrum of opinions.
Perspective publishes many different kinds of articles.
Perspective recognizes intentions.
Perspective refers to the angle or approach from which authors engage their subjects.
Perspective relates to issues.
Perspective remains perceptible, but volume vanishes.
Perspective represents a practical approach for delivering next-generation applications.
Perspective supports techniques.
Perspective takes guitar playing to new heights with dizzying results.
Perspective varies from wherever the judges are located.
Perspectives also tries to reach as wide an audience as possible.
Perspectives are a major source of theories.
Perspectives are articles and stories written by our members.
Perspectives are both liberal and conservative, gay and straight. . . .
Perspectives are deep before they are wide.
Perspectives are general schools of thought, starting out with basic assumptions about human nature.
Perspectives are limited.
Perspectives are often very different.
Perspectives are short explorations of particular aspects of experiential education praxis.
Perspectives are two page opinion articles written specifically for newspaper editorial pages.
Perspectives can change everything.
Perspectives can change.
Perspectives can differ according to local custom and culture.
Perspectives can represent a source of conflict between values and principles.
Perspectives certainly has variety and ministry appeal.
Perspectives change at the touch of a button .
Perspectives change on vacation.
Perspectives change over time.
Perspectives come from professional training and from the goals of agency staff.
Perspectives conomiques de l'OCDE .
Perspectives cover a wide range of related topics while maintaining depth and weight.
Perspectives differ about which technologies to emphasize.
Perspectives differ as to whether someone who advocates violence can be considered a dissident.
Perspectives differ when it comes to qualifications.
Perspectives est un bulletin lectronique sur la politique scientifique.
Perspectives examine recreational, neighborhood and tribal values of local waters.
Perspectives explore topics from a different point of view and in moredepth.
Perspectives features stories about scholarships, conventions, presentations, etc.
Perspectives has a dedicated base of support, both in subscribers and in writers.
Perspectives has some Non-Western content.
Perspectives influence both the products and the practices.
Perspectives influence decisions and actions.
Perspectives invites leading thinkers to wrestle with current contentious issues.
Perspectives is a collection of essays and editorials on various aspects of our nomadic lifestyle.
Perspectives is a free publication with articles, essays, and topics related to deaf-blind people.
Perspectives is a good place to start.
Perspectives is a mental health magazine.
Perspectives is a unique organization.
Perspectives is a volunteer organization.
Perspectives is also available in Spanish.
Perspectives is an electronic newsletter on research and science policy.
Perspectives is an excellent opportunity to network with colleagues across the District.
Perspectives is an online resource of information and opinions from the local area.
Perspectives is more about why and what-if .
Perspectives is on giving believers a Christian world view.
Perspectives is opinionated, opinion challenging and opinion forming.
Perspectives is our premier newsletter.
Perspectives is provocative and soul searching.
Perspectives is published once a semester.
Perspectives is published three times a year.
Perspectives is published three times per year and is free of charge.
Perspectives is still only partially staffed.
Perspectives is the key word.
Perspectives needs and future directions.
Perspectives produces interviews of architects and designers.
Perspectives relate studies to a larger world rather than to one locale.
Perspectives revisits the lives, ambitions and fortunes of the people who inhabit Silicon Valley.
Perspectives shift and positive change can take root and flourish.
Perspectives shift with novelistic facility.
Perspectives sur le roman antique, m di val, classique, moderne et contemporain.
Perspectives tend to be inwardly focused.
Perspectives Try observing the natural world from a fresh perspective.
Perspective sometimes is lost.
All perspectives are necessary for appreciation.
All perspectives are welcome in our Fellowship.
All perspectives are welcome.
All perspectives can help cast some light on the issue.
All perspectives welcome.
Every perspective captures an angle on people, places, and life in general.
Every perspective is necessary in every classroom discussion.
Many perspectives are possible.
Most perspective supports techniques.
Some perspective begins to come even with the questions.
Some perspective focuses on justice.
Some perspective focuses on social justice.
Some perspective has problems.
Some perspective helps insight.
Some perspective is in order, however.
Some perspective is in order.
Some perspective is possible.
Some perspective is required, though.
Some perspective is required.
Some perspective makes senses.
Some perspectives are more productive than others for building bridges, making alliances.
Some perspectives are too narrow.
Perspectivist culture is a microcosm of the universe.
Perspicacity is intelligence
Perspicacity is the kindling of motivation.
A perspicuity is clarity
Perspicuity is essentially a synonym for clarity .
Perspicuity means literally to see through something.
Perspiration accounts for another two cups.
Perspiration aggravates the condition.
Perspiration also contains high concentrations of salt, creating a hypertonic environment.
Perspiration also helps the body eliminate excess heat.
Perspiration beads on nervous foreheads.
Perspiration can also damage the hearing aid.
Perspiration carries toxins out with it.
Perspiration causes a desire to bathes.
Perspiration causes conditions.
Perspiration contains impurities.
Perspiration contains lysozyme and other antimicrobial substances.
Perspiration depletes cells of fluids and weakens the muscle tissue.
Perspiration dissipates excess heat and cools our bodies.
Perspiration equals instant gratification evidence of a job well done.
Perspiration exacerbates skin conditions such as dermatitis.
Perspiration expends water which comes from body tissues and, during long exercise bouts, the blood.
Perspiration gives no relief of symptoms.
Perspiration increases the risk of frostbite and hypothermia.
Perspiration increases to cool the body.
Perspiration is a big concern of manufacturers.
Perspiration is a problem with slip latex, too.
Perspiration is down.
Perspiration is healthy.
Perspiration is moderate.
Perspiration is natures most efficient cleanser.
Perspiration is one of nature's ways of helping the body rid itself of extra heat.
Perspiration is our companion.
Perspiration is perhaps the biggest enemy.
Perspiration is produced by sweat glands in the skin and is secreted through pores.
Perspiration is salt water which is a very good conductor of electricity.
Perspiration is salty water, but people tend to drink back regular water.
Perspiration is secretion
Perspiration is secretion.
Perspiration is the body's attempt to cool itself.
Perspiration is the body's way of cooling itself.
Perspiration isa secretion.
Perspiration keeps that heat under control.
Perspiration makes silk yellow .
Perspiration makes silk yellow.
Perspiration moves more easily through two thin layers than it does through one thick layer.
Perspiration occurs even in cold weather.
Perspiration occurs in order to cool off the body by releasing warm water, etc.
Perspiration plays a vital role in regulating human body temperature.
Perspiration removes heat.
Perspiration requires heat.
Perspiration serves as a mechanism for excretion and for regulation of body temperature.
Perspiration smells faintly of the food ingested during the past twelve hours.
Perspiration still forms on the poet s brow.
Perspiration wastes water.
Most perspiration causes conditions.
Most perspiration contains impurities.
Most perspiration removes heat.
Most perspiration requires heat.
Some perspiration is alkaline but is just as harmful as acid.
Some perspiration leads to dehydration.
A persuader is a communicator
Persuader includes two tools for producing professional telemarketing results.
Persuader is a computer program that operates in the domain of labor management disputes.
Persuaders appeal to self interest to accept a view or product.
Persuaders are communicators.
Persuaders are skilled at swaying the opinions of others.
Persuaders are television shows.
Persuaders study and analyze situations and try to get people to see their point of view.
Persuasion techniques are an alternative to the violent use of power.
A persuasion is communication
Persuasion also influences our lives in many subtle, yet powerful, ways.
Persuasion also is required, and persuasion entails both argument and rhetoric.
Persuasion are barbir think specialized listed standards tokyo revision transit.
Persuasion beats confrontation.
Persuasion begins some eight years after that incident.
Persuasion can, and often does, include blackmailing, threats, demolition, or arson.
Persuasion comes with explanation.
Persuasion Demonstrates how effective persuasion is the basis of most business communication.
Persuasion depends on emotion, volume, and opinion.
Persuasion falls like a freshet.
Persuasion generally involves the communication of simple ideas.
Persuasion honors the demands of freedom.
Persuasion involves explanation of the rationale for something.
Persuasion is a component of an effective presentation.
Persuasion is a far better route.
Persuasion is a friendly process.
Persuasion is a funny thing.
Persuasion is a highly recommended slide software.
Persuasion is a particularly important component of communication.
Persuasion is a very complex concept.
Persuasion is a very touching, dark novel.
Persuasion is active, and influence is the passive equivalent.
Persuasion is always a frustrating affair.
Persuasion is another comment that discusses uncomfortable truths.
Persuasion is better than coercion.
Persuasion is better than force.
Persuasion is communication behavior that can be understood, changed, and improved.
Persuasion is different from negotiation.
Persuasion is far more powerful than coercion, just as the pen is mightier than the sword.
Persuasion is foundational to preaching because the gospel always seeks conversion and commitment.
Persuasion is great too.
Persuasion is hard work.
Persuasion is like an ongoing active form of voting.
Persuasion is like courtship.
Persuasion is likely to be the name of the game.
Persuasion is meant to benefit one or more parties in the end.
Persuasion is mere illusion.
Persuasion is more salient than knowledge.
Persuasion is more than just verbally speaking.
Persuasion is often the critical factor in the success or failure of a project.
Persuasion is one of the most subtle yet undoubtedly one of the most powerful elements of marketing.
Persuasion is one of the three major purposes of communication.
Persuasion is paramount.
Persuasion is preferable to coercion in almost every case.
Persuasion is propaganda Communication of information is education.
Persuasion is taught through both public speaking and composition.
Persuasion is the approach of public relations.
Persuasion is the approach of the super salesperson or the efficiency expert.
Persuasion is the concommitant of choice and the freedom to choose.
Persuasion is the deliberate attempt to change someone's attitude.
Persuasion is the form which the exhortation assumed.
Persuasion is the goal of all advocacy.
Persuasion is the goal of the written word, the spoken word, unspoken messages.
Persuasion is the key element to winning a lawsuit.
Persuasion is the means by which principle directs power toward the truth.
Persuasion is the more appealing characteristic, more than threats.
Persuasion is the primary trait.
Persuasion is the process of creating, reinforcing or changing people's beliefs or actions.
Persuasion is the professional way of getting along with fellow workers, including family members.
Persuasion is the technique of the technically able, one who is versed in numbers and facts.
Persuasion is their main tool.
Persuasion is too much work.
Persuasion is under the umbrella as a special case of influence.
Persuasion is used to build and win credibility Public communications.
Persuasion is what keeps the whole universe together.
Persuasion lies at the core of scientific activity.
Persuasion now becomes what a person observes based on the five primary senses.
Persuasion occurs when an audience believes that it shares the speaker's conclusions.
Persuasion only goes so far.
Persuasion remains an art.
Persuasion remains the primary emphasis through four of the six stages of the collection series.
Persuasion requires a comprehensive approach to socio-technical networks.
Persuasion requires shared standards of discourse.
Persuasion seeks to convince others of a point of view.
Persuasion starts during the jury selection process.
Persuasion takes over.
Persuasion takes time.
Persuasion tends to be more successful when the source has high credibility .
Persuasion tends to work best when a moderate discrepancy exists between the two.
Persuasion wins where edicts fail.
Persuasion works better than a confrontation in court.
Persuasion works the same way.
Persuasion works to persuade people to change their attitudes and behaviors.
Persuasions are books.
Persuasions are communication.
All persuasions welcome, including curmudgeons.
All persuasions welcome.
Persuasive approaches can help make real progress in such situations.
Persuasive communication aims at both convincing and producing desire in the viewer, or receiver.
Persuasive communication continues in the pulpit and the meeting rooms.
Persuasive communication is the basis for the leadership role of synthesizer .
Persuasive Communication Listen actively and persuade with evidence.
Persuasive communication skills How to motivate others.
Most persuasive communication follows a logical sequence.
Persuasive evidence exists that the death penalty is applied in a racially disparate manner.
Persuasive evidence suggests otherwise.
Persuasive language includes lots of detailed descriptions, action verbs, and imaginative phrases.
Persuasive letter includes some of the steps.
Persuasive letter is persuasive and follows appropriate steps.
Persuasive messages attempt to arouse fear.
Persuasive openings are well organized .
Persuasive promotion becomes more important.
Persuasive quality is somewhat lacking.
Persuasive requests are generally more effective when they use the indirect strategy.
Persuasive skills are important when proposing restrictions on land use.
Persuasive speakers lead, evoke emotions and ask for audience commitment.
Persuasive speech is as old and reputable as factual, informative speech.
Persuasive text is different from narrative text or other kinds of texts.
Persuasive tone is balanced with frank answers.
Persuasive writers establish themselves as informed, knowledgeable individuals.
Persuasive writing aims to persuade.
Persuasive writing can take many forms.
Persuasive writing is a powerful source of influence within organizations.
Persuasive writing is about much more than citing to the right case.
Persuasive writing is data-based.
Persuasive writing is emphasized.
Persuasive writing is organized differently and has a different structure than narrative writing.
Persuasive writing is used to convince the reader to view things from the author's point of view.
Persuasive writing seeks to change the reader's mind.
Persuasive writing stresses benefits instead of features.
PERT charts provide a good illustration of project tasks and their interdependencies.
Perth shops offer uniquely Australian merchandise, plus a wide range of imported goods.
Pertinent comments follow.
Pertinent contributions are always welcome from club members and non-members alike.
Pertinent data concerning an invoice and any check information is displayed.
Pertinent data is listed in each column below the category headings.
Pertinent details are to be included in the enclosures to the cover letter.
Pertinent devices adjust their configurations to reflect the new policy.
Pertinent drawings are very helpful.
Pertinent equipment is described.
Many pertinent facts surround the relationship of the ministry to the body.
All pertinent forms are available as Word.doc and Word.rtf documents as well as in .pdf format.
Pertinent history can include use of antacids without relief of symptoms.
All pertinent info is available on the tour dates page.
Pertinent information includes married name, spouse's name, etc.
Pertinent information is available in the appropriate folder.
Pertinent information is entered and edited interactively.
Pertinent information is given below.
Pertinent information is included in the documentation supplied with the electronic materials.
Pertinent information is included on the drawings for each project.
Pertinent information is listed below.
Pertinent information is obtained on the owner and property.
Pertinent information is on file and available for public inspection at town hall.
Pertinent information is provided on alert bulletins as a way of immediately informing the campus.
Pertinent information is received subsequent to the date of the original entry.
Pertinent information is stored in a computer database.
All pertinent information concerning the roommate and the available space is included.
All pertinent information is available on our web site.
All pertinent information is cited here.
All pertinent information is contained here at our extensive web site.
All pertinent information is easy to find.
All pertinent information is enclosed.
All pertinent information is given on the student sheet .
All pertinent information is here.
All pertinent information is included.
All pertinent information is listed below.
All pertinent information is received via the resume form thus saving time and money .
All pertinent information is recorded by the operator and sources checked carefully.
All pertinent information is used to assemble a strategy for continuous quality improvement.
All pertinent information is within the form.
All pertinent information regarding car availability is stored on the corporate mainframe.
All pertinent input is appreciated.
Many pertinent issues are matters of personal preferences.
Pertinent legislation is traced from inception to implementation.
Pertinent legislation is tracked throughout the legislative process.
All pertinent links are relative.
Pertinent literature is cited.
Pertinent literature is provided.
Pertinent literature is surveyed.
All pertinent materials are currently available in English and French.
Any pertinent material missing makes the image unusable.
All pertinent meetings are eligible for inclusion, at no cost.
Pertinent notes accompany each photo.
Pertinent questions are always welcome.
Pertinent remedies provide absolute long-term effectiveness.
Pertinent research is studied in an attempt to find ways to make instruction more effective.
All pertinent terminology is pronounced.
Perturbant states are characteristic features of many states that are commonly called emotional.
Perturbation functions play a key role in the development.
Perturbation theory is introduced in the context of understanding many body problems.
Perturbation Theory makes it possible to calculate the PDF in the small variance limit .
Perturbation bounds for functions of matrices.
Perturbation bounds for least squares and linear systems.
Perturbation is a disease, perturbation is a cancer, perturbation is an arrow.
Perturbation is activities.
Perturbation is agitation
Perturbation is influence.
Perturbations are due to the attraction of the various other members of the system for each other.
Perturbations are essential to reveal underling processes.
Perturbations are usually pretty small, undetectable with the naked eye.
Perturbations cause it to settle into one of two configurations.
Perturbations change the state values, and any desired output state can be specified directly.
All perturbations happen at the point of closest approach.
Pertussis toxin alters the concentration and turnover of manganese superoxide dismutase in rat lung.
Pertussis vaccination increases the risk of asthma.
Pertussis vaccination provides only temporary protection against the whooping cough.
Pertussis vaccine is given with diphtheria and tetanus vaccines in the same shot.
Pertussis affects people all over the world and can occur at any age.
Pertussis begins as a mild respiratory infection.
Pertussis begins as a mild upper respiratory infection.
Pertussis can also cause pneumonia, long-lasting bronchitis, seizures, brain damage, and death.
Pertussis can be quite serious, it can cause pneumonia and seizures.
Pertussis can be severe, particularly in the very young, and often requires hospitalization.
Pertussis can cause lung problems, seizures, brain damage and death.
Pertussis can cause pneumonia, seizures, brain damage and even death.
Pertussis can cause serious complications.
Pertussis can cause serious illness, especially in young infants.
Pertussis can cause serious or even fatal complications.
Pertussis can cause spells of coughing and choking that make it hard to eat, drink or breathe.
Pertussis can cause spells of coughing and choking that make it hard to eat, drink, or breathe.
Pertussis can cause spells of violent coughing and choking, making it hard to breathe, drink or eat.
Pertussis can lead to pneumonia, seizures, brain damage, and sometimes death.
Pertussis can occur at any age, but is most common in children in the first year of life.
Pertussis can occur at any age.
Pertussis causes coughing spells so bad that it is hard for infants to eat, drink, or breathe.
Pertussis causes long spasms of coughing that can bring up plugs of thick mucus.
Pertussis causes violent coughing attacks which can lead to suffocation.
Pertussis continues to be a problem in the United States.
Pertussis is a bacterial infection of the respiratory tract.
Pertussis is a contagious disease caused by a bacterium.
Pertussis is a contagious disease that is easily spread in close living quarters.
Pertussis is a contagious, bacterial respiratory disease.
Pertussis is a frequent cause of prolonged cough illness in adults and adolescents.
Pertussis is a highly contagious respiratory disease.
Pertussis is a major problem in Australia.
Pertussis is a notifiable disease.
Pertussis is a potentially serious vaccine-preventable disease.
Pertussis is a serious childhood disease that is prevented by immunization.
Pertussis is a very contagious disease of the mucous membranes that line the air passages.
Pertussis is an infectious disease
Pertussis is diseases.
Pertussis is endemic and there is an ongoing risk for exposure for all ages.
Pertussis is endemic throughout the world.
Pertussis is highly communicable and transmission usually occurs by the respiratory route.
Pertussis is highly contagious and spread to others through coughing and sneezing.
Pertussis is highly contagious with symptoms that can linger six to ten weeks.
Pertussis is highly contagious, spread easily through the air by talking, sneezing or coughing.
Pertussis is most dangerous to babies under one year old.
Pertussis is most severe in young infants, who experience complications more frequently than adults.
Pertussis is primarily a toxin-mediated disease.
Pertussis is spread by the cough, saliva or mucus of a person who has it.
Pertussis is spread easily from person to person.
Pertussis is spread from person to person through the air.
Pertussis is spread through respiratory droplets when an infected person coughs, sneezes or talks.
Pertussis is spread through the air after an infected person coughs or sneezes.
Pertussis is usually a disease of children although it can occur at any age.
Pertussis occurs most often in late summer and fall.
Pertussis occurs worldwide.
Pertussis produces a cough that is characteristic of the infection.
Pertussis provides a useful paradigm for a special type of reactive airway disease.
Pertussis remains a severe disease for a substantial proportion of affected children.
Pertussis spreads easily from infected person to others through coughing or sneezing.
Pertussis spreads easily from person to person.
Pertussis spreads very easily from infected person to others through coughing or sneezing.
Pertussis spreads very easily from person to person in the same household or day nursery.
Pertussis starts like a cold with symptoms of runny nose and an irritating cough.
Pertussis often begins gradually with cold-like symptoms and an irritating cough.
Peru has (part) Amazon.
Peru isa thing.
Perusal scores are also available.
Perusal scores are available on request, as are perusal cassettes of many works.
Peruvian aircraft conduct the identification and interception missions.
Peruvian artisans produce the most interesting and varied handicrafts on the continent.
Peruvian asparagus is mainly green and Belgian asparagus is mostly white.
Peruvian asparagus is transported by truck from the production regions to Lima.
Peruvian authorities are responsible for identifying the aircraft and deciding on any action.
Peruvian authorities say their harsh laws and prison conditions are a deterrent against subversion.
Peruvian authorities say they foiled the alleged plan.
Peruvian beads are handmade.
Peruvian beads seem to come in many shapes and sizes.
Peruvian businessmen buy into a program of social responsibility and action.
Peruvian cavies have coats.
Peruvian cavies have rough coats.
Most peruvian cavies have coats.
Most peruvian cavies have rough coats.
Peruvian coffees have medium acidity and heavy body.
Peruvian corn tastes a lot like hominy.
Peruvian families work together in making jewelry as they have for centuries.
Peruvian fishermen come in with empty nets.
Peruvian group plays authentic native Andes mountain music.
Peruvian guerrillas are increasingly active in narcotics processing.
Peruvian horses come in all basic, solid colors as well as grays and roans.
Peruvian horses come in all basic, solid colors as well as greys and roans.
Peruvian horses have a smooth lateral gait, a great disposition, and a long mane and tail.
Peruvian initiative follows after.
Peruvian journalists complain of continual harassment, including phone tapping and surveillance.
Peruvian law is on the side of of the natives.
Peruvian laws prohibit the armed forces from participating in any way in elections.
Peruvian literature is rooted in the oral traditions of pre-Columbian civilizations.
Peruvian music has a wide range of styles.
Peruvian organizers plan a site high in the Andes.
Peruvian parrots behave like sophisticated human tourists and hunter-gatherers.
Peruvian people votes to adopt the new Constitution.
Peruvian poets provide a different take on the country.
Peruvian potatoes date back to the massive Incan empire.
Peruvian prisons are among the harshest on the continent.
Most Peruvian rivers originate in the peaks of the Andes and drain into one of three basins .
Peruvian stick insects only eat fern.
Peruvian suffragists reach their goal and finally get the right to vote.
Peruvian traffickers transport the cocaine base to Colombia, where it is converted to cocaine.
Peruvian transportation is quite different from the transportation of the United States.
Peruvian women use it to recover from childbirth.
Peruvian has (part) arms.
Peruvian has (part) body substances.
Peruvian has (part) cell membranes.
Peruvian has (part) cells.
Peruvian has (part) corpi.
Peruvian has (part) cytoplasm.
Peruvian has (part) heads.
Peruvian has (part) human bodies.
Peruvian has (part) legs.
Peruvian has (part) material bodies.
Peruvian has (part) necks.
Peruvian has (part) nuclei.
Peruvian has (part) personality.
Peruvian has (part) plasma membranes.
Peruvian has (part) sections.
Peruvian has (part) vacuoles.
Peruvian isa dweller.
Peruvian isa inhabitant.
Pervasive bribery is a threat to democracy itself.
Pervasive change is underway .
Pervasive corruption means local officials often turn a blind eye to safety breaches.
Pervasive death desensitizes.
Pervasive devices are very important.
Pervasive devices require more of their processors than just frequency.
Pervasive discrimination continues to deny women full political and economic equality with men.
Pervasive evidence exists that indicates the basic social fabric is beginning to disintegrate.
Pervasive happiness characterizes the redeemed.
Pervasive poverty has far-reaching implications for all the world's citizens and nations.
Pervasive violence desensitizes.
Pervasive worry is very common in older adults.
A pervasiveness is generality
Pervasiveness is only one characteristic of the juvenile firesetting problem.
Pervasiveness is reduced by access restriction.
Pervasiveness is the the degree that workflows of a particular subunit connect with other units.
Pervasivenesses are generality.
Perverse incentives are a type of unintended consequences.
Perverse incentives make such programs grow in size, cost, and ineffectiveness.
Perverse logic is phallic logic.
Perverse verdicts are on the rise.
Perverseness is a trait
Perverseness is one of the primitive impulses of the human heart.
Perversion can be harmless or liberating.
Perversion is an activity
Perversion is curves.
Perversion is everywhere.
Perversion is sexual activities.
Perversion is wrongdoing.
Perversion sells more.
More perversions follow.
Some perversions are more perverted than others.
Perversity exists for itself.
Perversity is a death wish.
Perversity is a trait
Perversity is evil.
Perversity is raged rampant.
A pervert is an offender
Perverts apparently have better things to do with their money.
Perverts feel free to leave.
Perverted comments involving female anatomy appear throughout the film.
Perverted minds can mingle and share images of child pornography over the Internet.
Perverted science is just as harmful, dangerous and destructive as perverted religion.
Perverted sex involves the whole duck.
Perverted tastes are common to animals and man in some degree and in isolated in- stances.
Pervious concrete is part of the solution.
Pervious cover is what regulates the drainage of water through the watershed.
Pervious newsletter are available below.
Pescatarian diets exclude meat and poultry, dairy, and eggs, but allow fish.
Peshastin soils are very deep and loamy-skeletal.
Pesky ads pop up way too often.
Pesky job gets in the way of that, too.
Pesky production queries crop up, too.
Some pesky question comes up that no one had thought of before.
A peso is an unit
Every peso counts.
Pessary devices are vaginal inserts which support and hold up the urinary organs and bladder neck.
A pessary is a contraceptive
Pessaries are devices that are placed in the vagina and add support to the bladder and urethra.
Pessaries come in a variety of shapes and sizes, so a woman can be properly fitted.
Pessaries come in a variety of shapes, sizes, and materials.
Pessaries come in many shapes and sizes.
Pessimism acknowledges both angel and brute in man s permanent constitution.
Pessimism breeds apathy, optimism action.
Pessimism breeds caution, which leads to slowdown, the thinking goes.
Pessimism can also become a self-fulfilling prophesy.
Pessimism can be helpful.
Pessimism comes from the ancient as well as the modern ruling classes.
Pessimism detracts from our health.
Pessimism has the potential to be all-encompassing.
Pessimism is a negative, unscientific, and emotional reaction.
Pessimism is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Pessimism is a trap.
Pessimism is a waste of time.
Pessimism is abnormal.
Pessimism is also partly a failure of imagination.
Pessimism is belief systems.
Pessimism is despair
Pessimism is despair.
Pessimism is dispositions.
Pessimism is hazardous to health, a study says.
Pessimism is in.
Pessimism is no asset to a leader.
Pessimism is one of the worst complications of a disappointing school performance.
Pessimism is pervasive, and obviously people have fled the sector.
Pessimism is rampant now.
Pessimism is rooted in the same soil as the inability to be at the disposal of others.
Pessimism is self-defeating.
Pessimism is self-fulfilling.
Pessimism is the best planning policy.
Pessimism is the default setting in the field.
Pessimism is the dominant mood at present.
Pessimism is the order of the day, inside and outside Japan.
Pessimism is widespread.
Pessimism is, in brief, playing the sure game.
Pessimism reaches such a peak and then psychology turns on a dime - for no apparent reason.
Pessimism replaces optimism.
Pessimism requires action, whereas optimism means staying the course.
Pessimism seems to be the predominant attitude.
Pessimism tends to create difficulties.
Pessimism turns to fatalism, and the only option is resignation and withdrawal.
Pessimism visualizes defeat.
Some pessimism is realistic.
Some pessimism regarding projects planned in Hartford is justified.
A pessimist is a skeptic
Pessimists add new twists to the old demonizing themes.
Pessimists age like milk.
Pessimists also bring more sensational stories to the media.
Pessimists also tend to be less skilled at solving problems than optimists.
Pessimists also wonder who the future generations are going to look up to.
Pessimists are a dime a dozen.
Pessimists are accurate, but they die sooner.
Pessimists are also more likely to suffer traumatic accidents.
Pessimists are more likely to feel overwhelmed and give up in a challenging situation.
Pessimists are people.
Pessimists are skeptics.
Pessimists believe just the opposite.
Pessimists can always become more gloomy and optimists more rosy.
Pessimists die before optimists.
Pessimists explain problems as being permanent, pervasive, and personal.
Pessimists extrapolate present trends without accounting for how reliably markets adapt.
Pessimists fear it predicts Nuclear War.
Pessimists fearing the worst can still have fun.
Pessimists focus on how they'll suffer rather than how they can cope.
Pessimists give up more easily and get depressed more frequently.
Pessimists hang out together with other pessimists.
Pessimists have a more realistic view of life because everything ultimately comes to nothing.
Pessimists have a problem for every solution.
Pessimists know otherwise.
Pessimists look at the glass and say it's half-empty.
Pessimists look at the same situation and see only the risks.
Pessimists predict a bleak future.
Pessimists produce more immune suppressing ones.
Pessimists say that workers are just looking for another excuse to work less.
Pessimists see massive unemployment and growing income inequality.
Pessimists see the hole.
Pessimists think the glass is half-empty.
Many pessimists worry all the time about what's going wrong.
Pessimistic estimates degrade performance.
Pessimistic expectations breed negative experiences.
Pessimistic humanism says that life is wave after wave of one emergency after another.
Pessimistic people explain their life events in the opposite manner to optimists.
Pessimistic searchers are poor searchers.
Pessimistic thoughts can lead to the emotion of fear.
Pessimistic thoughts create passivity and procrastination.
Most pessimistic thoughts are wrong.
Pessimistic undercurrents seem to abound.
Pest activity is high.
Most pest ants like to trail under the edge of carpets.
Pest aphids tend to have a wider host range than economically unimportant species.
Pest attacks are also limited.
Pest birds harbor ticks, fleas, mites and other ectoparasites.
Pest cockroaches are native to western Asia and northern Africa.
Pest control companies have places.
Pest control companies have various places.
Pest control companies offer services.
Pest control experts to assess situations.
Pest control firms have policy.
Pest control becomes easier in raised beds, too.
Pest control encompasses such problems as spiders, ants, birds, bees, floor mites, fleas etc.
Pest control involves more than just chemical applications.
Pest control is a big topic.
Pest control is a logical, understandable service.
Pest control is a major imperative in fruit production.
Pest control is a major problem for most rose owners.
Pest control is a matter of education, personal protection, sanitation and elimination.
Pest control is a science.
Pest control is a wide issue, and includes agricultural, urban and industrial environments.
Pest control is accomplished by relying on crop rotation, biological control, and natural materials.
Pest control is also available on request.
Pest control is contracted out to a vendor.
Pest control is covered.
Pest control is critical.
Pest control is discussed, with emphasis on aphids and thrips.
Pest control is done as necessary.
Pest control is for any spraying needed and is billed as a flat fee.
Pest control is forest protection.
Pest control is killing.
Pest control is mainly malathion for scale or mealybug, and only when absolutely necessary.
Pest control is management.
Pest control is neccessary even for deseases.
Pest control is often difficult to achieve even under optimum conditions.
Pest control is one of the biggest benefits that cavity-nesting birds bring to farms and ranches.
Pest control is one of the major problems facing area rose growers.
Pest control is only one area in which biotechnology is on the wrong path.
Pest control is performed as needed.
Pest control is provided on a consistent basis, or as requested to meet special needs.
Pest control is provided on a monthly basis, or as requested to meet special needs.
Pest control is really a sign of good housekeeping.
Pest control is the landlord's responsibility.
Pest control starts in the spring and continues throughout the summer.
Pest control stops the development of and hinders mass spreading of specific generations of pests.
Pest control Watch out for pests.
All pest control is carried out biologically.
Pest controllers locate, identify, destroy, and repel pests.
Pest controllers recommend drilling and injecting pesticides.
Pest controllers use two different types of pesticides general use and restricted use.
Pest damage can make plants susceptible to diseases.
Pest damage can ruin formal symmetry of tree.
Pest distribution is directly related to the uniformity of the field.
Pest exclusion is the core of America's safeguarding system.
Pest identification requires knowing when and what to look for in the field.
Pest infestation is pronounced in three seasons viz.
Pest infestations can force plants into an early dormancy that decreases winter survival.
Pest infestations occur mainly because of ecological disruption.
Pest inspection is included at no additional charge.
Pest levels can vary greatly from one field to another, even though the fields appear similar.
Pest levels can vary greatly from one field to another.
Pest management approaches use best options.
Pest management approaches use biological control techniques.
Pest management approaches use biological techniques.
Pest management approaches use control techniques.
Pest management approaches use options.
Pest management approaches use techniques.
Pest management firms offer management.
Pest management begins with accurate identification of insects and mites.
Pest management encourages natural predators to maintain a balanced system.
Pest management has long-term effects on an ecosystem.
Pest management is a primary cultural consideration in designing the layout of a field nursery.
Pest management is another practice that the Stanton Farms rely on.
Pest management is at a crossroads.
Pest management is generally more effective when a combination of methods are used.
Pest management is one of the most expensive and variable costs of cotton production.
Pest management means considering all possible techniques to control a pest population.
Pest management offers other examples.
Pest mortality is temperature dependent.
Pest notes cover the management of pests of structures, people, homes, landscapes and pets.
Pest numbers are too high at the start of the program.
Pest populations take time to build to damaging levels.
Pest populations vary considerably from one field to the next, even in adjoining fields.
Pest pressure is reduced.
Pest prevention begins with plant selection.
Pest problems are minimal with geraniums.
Pest problems are minimal.
Pest problems are rare.
Pest problems escalate in continuous wheat, increasing costs for that year and following years.
Pest problems tend to occur when plants are under stress.
Pest repellents are also out, along with essential oils like tea tree oil or peppermint oil.
Pest resistance is another topic worth studying before choosing landscape evergreens.
Pest resistance is often a multigenic trait with consequently complex inheritance patterns.
Pest resistance is very important as growers try to cut pesticide usage.
Pest resistances are important variety selection criteria.
Pest risks are likelihood of pest outbreaks that require control in a crop rotation.
Pest root nematodes feed in roots and can stunt plant growth.
PEST sequences are signals for rapid intracellular proteolysis.
Many pest situations require the skills and knowledge of a trained professional.
Pest snails feed on plants.
Most pest specialists provide dependable service for controlling clothes moths and carpet beetles.
Pest species are listed alphabetically by common name.
Pest strips are plastic strips impregnated with the active ingredient dichlorvos.
Pest surveys are also an integral part of control and eradication programs.
Pest treatments are more frequent if problems are identified.
A pest is a tormentor
Pest evades mobsters and becomes the target of a German businessman who likes to hunt humans.
Pest isa individual.
Pest isa person.
Pest isa somebody.
Pest isa someone.
Pest lies in a basin to the East of the Danube River.
Pests affect apricots.
Pests affect fruit trees.
Pests affect humans by carrying and spreading disease and by destroying crops and property.
Pests affect many fruit trees.
Pests affect shade trees.
Pests affect trees.
Pests also can be damaging to organic materials.
Pests also cause diseases in humans, pets, and farm animals.
Pests annually destroy about one-third of all crops worldwide.
Pests appear to like the Martens soil improvement efforts about as much as weeds do.
Pests are a complex management issue and involve many players besides farmers and wildlife managers.
Pests are a farmers' problem.
Pests are a problem for every gardener at some time.
Pests are also a significant barrier to agricultural productivity around the world.
Pests are among the major causes of such low yields.
Pests are animals.
Pests are another problem.
Pests are any organisms with the potential to reduce profits or yields.
Pests are different in the United Stales.
Pests are few with the exception of snails and slugs that are easily controlled with bait.
Pests are group according to their normal seasonal appearance or other similar diagnostic features.
Pests are increasingly resistant to chemicals.
Pests are known to cause huge financial loss overtime.
Pests are much easier to control if they are affecting only a few leaves or one branch.
Pests are opportunistic species that take advantage of disruptions or changes in natural systems.
Pests are our kinsmen, our brothers and sisters.
Pests are part of any garden.
Pests are relatively non-existent for lavender.
Pests are the biggest problem for organic farmers, so our cold season can be a benefit.
Pests are the order of the day with tomatoes.
Pests are uncommon to Darlingtonia and if they do occur, scale is the most commonly seen.
Pests are usually a much bigger problem for most people.
Pests are usually obvious, slugs, rodents etc.
Pests become more troublesome in fields where only one crop is grown year after year.
Pests become problems.
Pests become severe problems.
Pests can also destroy seeds.
Pests can also develop new mechanisms of resistance.
Pests can also disperse their numbers over time.
Pests can be harmful to people in different ways.
Pests can become resistant to pesticides.
Pests can develop here without being observed and explode into near unmanageable numbers.
Pests can include insects, weeds, fungi, rodents, and other types of organisms.
Pests can include plants, insects, rodents, fungus, bacteria or mold.
Pests can include root or vine weevils, slugs and snails, and aphids to a lesser degree.
Pests can multiply rapidly over summer.
Pests can occur in machinery, stacked products, dumpsters, product spills, etc.
Pests can overwinter in plant material.
Pests can plague cole crops, particularly cabbage.
Pests can prevent the acceptance of U.S. agricultural products in foreign commerce.
Pests carry diseases.
Pests cause considerable damage to crops, trees and flowers.
Pests cause crop damage.
Pests cause damage.
Pests cause diseases.
Pests cause environmental damage.
Pests cause health problems.
Pests cause immense losses to our crops.
Pests cause little damage.
Pests cause minor damage.
Pests cause occasional problems.
Pests cause problems.
Pests cause serious problems.
Pests cause serious trouble.
Pests cause significant damage.
Pests cause skin problems.
Pests cause trouble.
Pests change, names change.
Pests come in many different types and shapes.
Pests come to dominate.
Pests create concern.
Pests destroy properties.
Pests eat food.
Pests eat plants.
Pests enter buildings.
Pests enter houses.
Pests exhibit behavior.
Pests exhibit complex behavior.
Pests exhibit odd behavior.
Pests Expect to find weed, insect and disease pests whenever a Garden is planted.
Pests find houseplants.
Pests find in gardens.
Pests find in homes.
Pests find new ways around natural toxins.
Pests found in records are most commonly the types attracted to damp conditions.
Pests have (part) arms.
Pests have (part) body substances.
Pests have (part) cell membranes.
Pests have (part) cells.
Pests have (part) corpi.
Pests have (part) cytoplasm.
Pests have (part) heads.
Pests have (part) human bodies.
Pests have (part) legs.
Pests have (part) material bodies.
Pests have (part) necks.
Pests have (part) nuclei.
Pests have (part) personality.
Pests have (part) plasma membranes.
Pests have (part) sections.
Pests have (part) vacuoles.
Pests have backs.
Pests have enemies.
Pests have natural enemies.
Pests have predators.
Pests have stages.
Pests have trouble.
Pests include bean leaf beetles.
Pests include beetles.
Pests include bugs.
Pests include cucumber beetles.
Pests include fleas.
Pests include insects.
Pests include mites.
Pests include spider mites.
Pests include squash bugs.
Pests include strip cucumber beetles.
Pests infest all kinds of businesses.
Pests invading natural ecosystems also threaten biodiversity.
Pests kill trees.
Pests live in areas that provide basic needs such as food, water, and shelter.
Pests live in environments.
Pests Look for evidence of ants, roaches or rats.
Pests look like chihauhaus.
Pests nest in dirty closets.
Pests occurring at unexpected times cause the greatest problems.
Pests pose a threat to New Zealand's native plants and animals and their homes.
Pests pose problems.
Pests prefer certain varieties over others.
Pests present problems.
Pests Provided insect pests are a problem, spraying is recommended weekly.
Pests quickly build up resistance.
Pests seek habitats that provide basic needs such as air, moisture, food and shelter.
Pests seek habitats that provide basic needs such as air, moisture, food, and shelter.
Pests seem to materialize, but their natural enemies don t.
Pests show ability.
Pests show remarkable ability.
Pests survive in environments.
Pests take shelter.
Pests take up residences.
Pests targeted by pesticides includes weeds, insects, fungi, and other forms of life.
Pests tend to infest sick or weak plants.
Pests transmit diseases.
Pests transmit mosaic diseases.
Pests transmit plant diseases.
Pests Use a magnifying glass or reading glasses to track pests down.
Pests vary also, in time overcoming resistance.
Pests often are equally fond of all plants in a plant family, so rotate by family.
Pests usually build up rapidly in containers.
Pests usually occur non-randomly in stored grain.
All pests have predators which keep their populations in check.
Every pest found in the home, garden, or office represents a breakdown of sanitation procedures.
Many pests are easier to spot before the new growth starts.
Many pests are on the label but it works great for all kinds of grasshoppers.
Many pests are on the label but it works great for all kinds of grubs.
Many pests are on the label but it works great for all kinds of springtails.
Many pests are on the label but it works great for all kinds of ticks.
Many pests are on the label but it works great for any species of bed bug.
Many pests are on the label but it works great for carpet beetles.
Many pests are on the label but it works great for chiggers.
Many pests are on the label but it works great for clothes moths.
Many pests are on the label but it works great for millipedes or centipedes.
Many pests are on the label but it works great for spidermites.
Many pests are on the label, but it works really well for earwigs.
Many pests are on the label, but it works well for crayfish too.
Many pests attack sweet potato foliage.
Many pests can build up high numbers rapidly, causing extensive damage quickly.
Many pests can infest poinsettias.
Many pests harbor and feed on the portion below ground.
Many pests have impressive abilities to reproduce often and disperse widely.
Many pests leave specific droppings that can be used to detect their presence.
Many pests live underneath the leaf.
Many pests mature or overwinter in the stems and roots of host plants.
Many pests migrate into gardens as temperatures rise in spring and summer.
Many pests occur on plants only at certain times of the year.
Many pests prefer specific kinds of plants.
Many pests prefer warmer climates.
Many pests require a specific plant as a host, so identification is that much easier.
Many pests scouted for are small or only found on a few plants out of hundreds.
Many pests spend the winter as eggs on trees and shrubs, or in plant debris on the ground.
Many pests stay on the plant at all times and a close inspection is all that is necessary.
Most pests affect apricots.
Most pests affect fruit trees.
Most pests affect many fruit trees.
Most pests affect shade trees.
Most pests affect trees.
Most pests are easiest to manage when they are immature and few in number.
Most pests become problems.
Most pests become severe problems.
Most pests carry diseases.
Most pests cause crop damage.
Most pests cause damage.
Most pests cause diseases.
Most pests cause environmental damage.
Most pests cause health problems.
Most pests cause little damage.
Most pests cause minor damage.
Most pests cause occasional problems.
Most pests cause problems.
Most pests cause serious problems.
Most pests cause serious trouble.
Most pests cause significant damage.
Most pests cause skin problems.
Most pests cause trouble.
Most pests create concern.
Most pests destroy properties.
Most pests eat food.
Most pests eat plants.
Most pests enter buildings.
Most pests enter houses.
Most pests exhibit behavior.
Most pests exhibit complex behavior.
Most pests exhibit odd behavior.
Most pests find houseplants.
Most pests find in gardens.
Most pests find in homes.
Most pests have backs.
Most pests have enemies.
Most pests have natural enemies.
Most pests have predators.
Most pests have stages.
Most pests have trouble.
Most pests kill trees.
Most pests live in environments.
Most pests lurk under leaves and close to the growing tip where tissue is softest.
Most pests pose problems.
Most pests show ability.
Most pests show remarkable ability.
Most pests steer clear of daffodils.
Most pests survive in environments.
Most pests take cover in the foliage of the tree during the heat of the day.
Most pests take shelter.
Most pests take up residences.
Most pests thrive on monocultures and starve when faced with a wide selection of plants.
Most pests transmit diseases.
Most pests transmit mosaic diseases.
Most pests transmit plant diseases.
Some pest mites feed on stored products like cheese and grain.
Some pests affect growth.
Some pests affect guavas.
Some pests affect juniper.
Some pests affect papaya.
Some pests are caused by pollution.
Some pests are easy to scout for at the same time, such as rust mites and spruce spider mites.
Some pests are just a nuisance .
Some pests are just too cute.
Some pests are simply a nuisance while others can destroy an entire orchard.
Some pests attack young trees.
Some pests avoid the pesticide.
Some pests can live on packing material for a long time without food.
Some pests carry parasites.
Some pests cause confusion.
Some pests cause considerably more yield loss than others.
Some pests cause similar evidence.
Some pests cause symptoms.
Some pests collect juice.
Some pests collect plant juice.
Some pests create enemies.
Some pests destroy areas.
Some pests develop resistance.
Some pests do beneficial work such as pollinate fruits, vegetables and flowers.
Some pests do damage.
Some pests drink juice.
Some pests enter homes.
Some pests excrete sticky substances.
Some pests excrete substances.
Some pests feed on flower plants.
Some pests feed on fluid.
Some pests feed on fruit.
Some pests feed on pansies.
Some pests feed on plants.
Some pests feed on soybeans.
Some pests feed on trees.
Some pests feed only at night, others are present or destructive only at certain times of year.
Some pests hate spiders.
Some pests have difficulty gripping the loosely bound particles and fall from the plant surface.
Some pests have impact.
Some pests have natural enemies that keep their populations under control most of the time.
Some pests have positive sides.
Some pests have power.
Some pests have problems.
Some pests have sides.
Some pests have the ability to cause severe damage to our property or inflict pain or disease.
Some pests help mold problems.
Some pests help problems.
Some pests invade homes.
Some pests kill plants.
Some pests kill rosemary plants.
Some pests make bark.
Some pests migrate from habitats.
Some pests move to areas.
Some pests prefer grain.
Some pests prefer whole grain.
Some pests produce evidence.
Some pests produce liquids.
Some pests produce sugary liquids.
Some pests require different control options.
Some pests require different options.
Some pests require management.
Some pests require options.
Some pests require specialty services while others can be controlled as a group.
Some pests respond to environments.
Some pests respond to host environments.
Some pests respond to pollution.
Some pests serve as predators.
Some pests take over zones.
Some pests threaten animals.
Some pests transmit diseases that interfere with the normal growth and development of plants.
Some pests use branches.
Some pests use fertilizer.
Some pests use soybeans.
Pestcontrol measures can sometimes cost more than pest damage.
Pesthidegk t is located in the northwest part of the district.
Pesticide application is almost always a part of an effective cockroach management plan.
Pesticide application is another type of selective pressure.
Pesticide application is necessary for crop production, but it can be harmful to breeding birds.
Pesticide application is tailored to minimize use.
Pesticide applications are costly.
Pesticide applications can cause decline in earthworm populations.
Pesticide applications made after the beetles have attacked the tree are ineffective.
Pesticide drift can be a serious problem since airblast sprayers are broadcast sprayers.
Pesticide drift is a hazard to local communities and bodies of water.
Pesticide drift is a major concern of aerial applicators.
Pesticide drift is a major concern of land application of pesticides.
Pesticide drift is a major concern.
Pesticide drift is a solvable problem.
Pesticide drift is minimized.
Pesticide drift is thought to affect ant populations in adjacent habitat.
Pesticide exposure has impact.
Pesticide exposure has major impact.
Pesticide formulation is as much an art as a science.
Pesticide formulations are confidential information.
Most pesticide formulations contain at least a small percentage of adjuvants.
Some pesticide formulations are more hazardous to people than others.
Pesticide manufacturers sell products.
Pesticide poisoning can be fatal.
Pesticide poisoning causes immune system damage including autoimmune disease.
Pesticide poisoning continues to occur among workers using flea-control products.
Pesticide poisoning is a growing form of environmental pollution.
Pesticide poisoning is an intoxication
Pesticide poisoning is diseases.
Pesticide poisoning is poisoning.
Pesticide poisoning occurs most commonly through skin contact.
Pesticide pollution is long lasting, but attempts can be made to clean it up or contain it.
Pesticide regulation is all about balancing the risks of their use with their economic benefit.
Pesticide residue is a concern to some consumers.
Pesticide residues can be dangerous to sensitive crops.
Pesticide residues can get on work clothes.
Pesticide residues can transfer from contaminated clothes to other clothing during washing.
Pesticide residues have harmful effects.
Pesticide residues remain in the environment for many years.
Pesticide residues remain only on the surface of produce.
Some pesticide residues can contaminate freshwater ecosystems for generations.
Some pesticide residues do occur in foods consumed.
Some pesticide residues kill pollinators.
Pesticide resistance is a growing problem.
Pesticide resistance is on the increase.
Pesticide resistance is part of a general stress response with a long evolutionary history.
Pesticide resistance is suspected in a number of major vegetable pests.
Pesticide affects development.
Pesticide affects growth.
Pesticide bioassays with arthropods.
Pesticide can accidently enter the body through the mouth, nose, eyes and skin.
Pesticide can drift directly into streams or drainage ditches, polluting our waterways.
Pesticide causes alteration.
Pesticide causes brain damage.
Pesticide causes damage.
Pesticide concentrate disposal options .
Pesticide contains acid.
Pesticide contains toxins.
Pesticide drifts in through the open windows over the children's desks.
Pesticide exposures in children with non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Pesticide exposures, cholinesterase depression and symptoms among North Carolina migrant workers.
Pesticide has consequences.
Pesticide has direct effects.
Pesticide has disrupt effects.
Pesticide has effects.
Pesticide has harmful consequences.
Pesticide has hormone effects.
Pesticide has impact.
Pesticide has information.
Pesticide has minimal impact.
Pesticide has secondary effects.
Pesticide has use.
Pesticide impacts on farmworkers, for example, and ecological impacts on food-webs and biodiversity.
Pesticide includes insecticide.
Pesticide increases pest resistance.
Pesticide increases resistance.
Pesticide interferes with growth.
Pesticide interferes with reproduction.
Pesticide is a broad term that includes herbicides, insecticides, fungicides and rodenticides.
Pesticide is a chemical
Pesticide is a general term for substances that kill or control pests.
Pesticide is chemicals.
Pesticide is consumable products.
Pesticide is located in water.
Pesticide is placed in the donor chamber, exposing the epidermal side of the skin.
Pesticide is used to control pest numbers and limit the damage they cause.
Pesticide is very bad for animals , especially amphibians .
Pesticide isa chemical.
Pesticide kills ants.
Pesticide kills arthropods.
Pesticide kills bees.
Pesticide kills beetles.
Pesticide kills bugs.
Pesticide kills butterflies.
Pesticide kills caterpillars.
Pesticide kills certain insects.
Pesticide kills feed insects.
Pesticide kills grasshoppers.
Pesticide kills insects.
Pesticide kills larvae.
Pesticide kills mosquitoes.
Pesticide kills wasps.
Pesticide leaching partially depends on the chemical and physical properties of the pesticide.
Pesticide means any substance used to kill rats, mites, insects, fungi and bacteria.
Pesticide residue UP .
Pesticide residues on fruit are at unacceptable and hazardous levels.
Pesticide residues on produce.
Pesticide spills near wells can move directly and quickly into ground water.
Pesticide spills near wells can move directly and quickly nto ground water.
Pesticide spraying and habitat management of antagonist species are options.
Pesticide spraying, however, still remains part of the city's plan if there is an outbreak.
Pesticide travel in soil.
Pesticide undergoes reaction.
Pesticide use adversely affects fisheries and waterfowl.
Pesticide use around the home, lawn and garden delivers occasionally larger doses.
Pesticide use at apple and cherry orchards is a potential threat.
Pesticide use disrupts both.
Pesticide use education and policy.
Pesticide use eventually causes crop loss for a variety of reasons.
Pesticide use in agricultural and urban environments is widespread in the Pacific Northwest.
Pesticide use information.
Pesticide use intensity ranking for Wyoming counties.
Pesticide use limitations generally occur only within the currently occupied species habitat.
Pesticide use maps show regional scale patterns in use intensity within the United States.
Pesticide use reduction - logical decision making.
Pesticide use results in resistance so they have a limited period of usefulness.
Pesticide use survey on major crops in Minnesota.
Pesticide use violations and reported exposures have been reduced significantly.
Pesticide uses in crops.
Pesticide uses in field crops.
Pesticide works, but is unpopular anywhere near people.
Pesticides accumulate in the food chain, therefore affecting even more non-target organisms.
Pesticides affect other parts of the ecosystem as well.
Pesticides allow farmers to maintain crop yield and quality.
Pesticides also can be a problem.
Pesticides also come in dusts, granular, and wettable powders as well as liquids.
Pesticides also contaminate food.
Pesticides also contaminate our rivers and threaten fish and wildlife.
Pesticides also get into water that is used to wash bananas in the packing plants.
Pesticides also help protect consumers from organisms that can cause foodborne illness.
Pesticides also kill beneficial insects that pollinate flowers and prey upon harmful insects.
Pesticides also kill many beneficial animals.
Pesticides also move by run-off and erosion.
Pesticides also pollute water supplies and contaminate milk and meat.
Pesticides also pose a threat to the species.
Pesticides also result in birth defects and developmental problems in children.
Pesticides also travel around the world, accumulating in the poles and other regions.
Pesticides also wash off lawn and gardens, ending up in our oceans, and possibly our water supply.
Pesticides appear to offer a simple solution to a vexing problem.
Pesticides Apply soapy water to leaves, rinse.
Pesticides are a big business with a lot of money at stake.
Pesticides are a great example.
Pesticides are a household waste that is highly toxic.
Pesticides are a leading contaminant of water.
Pesticides are a major case in point.
Pesticides are a major source of pollution, posing a risk to wildlife and clean water supplies.
Pesticides are a major threat to bees.
Pesticides are a pervasive part of our environment virtually impossible to avoid.
Pesticides are a severe health hazard causing both mental and physical retardation in children.
Pesticides are a slightly different matter.
Pesticides are a somewhat necessary part of most cranberry and blueberry cultivation operations.
Pesticides are a suspected carcinogen .
Pesticides are a threat to health due to their inherent toxicity.
Pesticides are a useful tool.
Pesticides are a widespread threat to basketry plants.
Pesticides are agents used to kill pests.
Pesticides are also a problem.
Pesticides are also a suspected hog killer.
Pesticides are also acutely toxic to the crab larvae.
Pesticides are also something to be aware of.
Pesticides are also susceptible to photolysis on soil and foliar surfaces.
Pesticides are also toxic to people.
Pesticides are an essential component in the production of a plentiful and safe food supply.
Pesticides are an important tool of conservation-minded farmers.
Pesticides are an integral component of agricultural systems throughout the world.
Pesticides are an integral part of American agriculture.
Pesticides are an integral part of modern agriculture in most developing countries.
Pesticides are another possibility.
Pesticides are another problem.
Pesticides are another source of pollution.
Pesticides are available for applications to infested yard trees, shurbs, or nursery stock.
Pesticides are available for treating standing water for mosquitoes.
Pesticides are available.
Pesticides are bad for humans.
Pesticides are bad for the environment and bad for human health.
Pesticides are by definition poisonous to some type of organism.
Pesticides are by definition poisons a.
Pesticides are by their very nature poisons for at least some kinds of life, often including people.
Pesticides are chemical agents which control pests.
Pesticides are chemical compounds used to control undesirable plants and animals.
Pesticides are chemical poisons.
Pesticides are chemical products used to kill insects, termites, rodents and fungi.
Pesticides are chemicals designed to control or eliminate insects, rodents, weeds, and bacteria.
Pesticides are chemicals designed to kill rodents, insects, plants, and micro-organisms.
Pesticides are chemicals that control pests by interrupting some phase of their life cycle.
Pesticides are chemicals that kill pests.
Pesticides are chemicals that protect crops and livestock from rodents, insects, disease, or weeds.
Pesticides are chemicals used for killing undesirable plants and animals.
Pesticides are chemicals used in agriculture to protect crops from insects and other pests.
Pesticides are dangerous and can trigger allergies or asthma.
Pesticides are dangerous because they are designed to kill are damage living organisms.
Pesticides are dangerous when they are misused or mishandled.
Pesticides are dangerous.
Pesticides are effective only against gypsy moth caterpillars no other life stage.
Pesticides are especially dangerous when improperly handled, applied, or disposed.
Pesticides are essential for the production of healthy crops, but are used only when necessary.
Pesticides are essential to control pests in many situations .
Pesticides are essential to modern agriculture.
Pesticides are essential to sustain production.
Pesticides are essential.
Pesticides are even more expensive and difficult to apply.
Pesticides are everywhere.
Pesticides are expensive and cumbersome and difficult as far as regulations are concerned.
Pesticides are generally extremely poisonous and can be expensive.
Pesticides are generally popular with small-scale farmers in rural areas because of their efficacy.
Pesticides are generally small organic molecules that exist in the form of a free base.
Pesticides are harmful in the tropics because of the lack of a cold winter season.
Pesticides are harmful to butterflies and their larvae.
Pesticides are harmful to mantids.
Pesticides are harmful to many non-target organisms, including humans and other beneficial species.
Pesticides are hazardous to targeted pests.
Pesticides are important public health tools in destroying health threats.
Pesticides are important tools of conventional pest management systems.
Pesticides are in our food, water, and air.
Pesticides are ineffective against the pest fly's immature stages.
Pesticides are inherently toxic.
Pesticides are just one of many tools available in combatting the harmful effects of pests.
Pesticides are made up of active and inert ingredients.
Pesticides are materials used to manage pests such as insects, rodents, weeds, molds and germs.
Pesticides are most effective on young nymphs and least effective on adults.
Pesticides are mostly modern chemicals.
Pesticides are never safe and often have far reaching and unintended effects.
Pesticides are no different than medicine or drugs.
Pesticides are no longer cheap.
Pesticides are one example.
Pesticides are one group of substances whose toxicity is their prime purpose.
Pesticides are only a short-term solution to nuisance mosquito problems.
Pesticides are only one kind of treatment.
Pesticides are pervasive in both our surface water and groundwater, new studies show.
Pesticides are poisonous to people and animals.
Pesticides are poisonous.
Pesticides are poisons designed to kill living organisms and can also be harmful to humans.
Pesticides are poisons designed to kill living things.
Pesticides are poisons designed to ward off pests.
Pesticides are poisons that kill rodents and insects, but they can also poison humans.
Pesticides are poisons that, obviously, kill more than what they are labeled for.
Pesticides are poisons which can cause serious illness or even death.
Pesticides are poisons, and by their very nature require judicious and skillful use.
Pesticides are poisons, killing many other species in addition to the targeted pest.
Pesticides are poisons, so in themselves they are dangerous.
Pesticides are poisons, used to kill pests of in agricultural crops.
Pesticides are poisons.
Pesticides are potentially dangerous to mammals.
Pesticides are potentially hazardous.
Pesticides are powerful medicines for pest problems.
Pesticides are powerful.
Pesticides are probably the most effective tools for controlling blackbird depredations in feedlots.
Pesticides are products designed to kill unwanted pests or weeds.
Pesticides are responsible for a significant portion of people disabled by chemical poisoning.
Pesticides are safe and have a proven track record for protecting the public from dangerous pests.
Pesticides are safer.
Pesticides are some of the most dangerous chemicals on Earth.
Pesticides are sometimes necessary to protect a basic food supply and to protect human health.
Pesticides are sprayed on agricultural fields and wood lots.
Pesticides are still a domestic concern.
Pesticides are substances meant for attracting, seducing, and then destroying any pest .
Pesticides are substances or organisms that prevent, destroy, repel or mitigate a pest.
Pesticides are substances used to eliminate unwanted pests.
Pesticides are tax free for farmers in Ontario.
Pesticides are the best way to control pests.
Pesticides are the insecticides, herbicides and other chemicals used to kill such nuisances.
Pesticides are the reason for the high cost of the sampling.
Pesticides are to be applied by licensed applicators.
Pesticides are to be applied only by certified personnel.
Pesticides are to be stored in the pesticide cabinet.
Pesticides are toxic chemicals that can severely harm humans, animals, aquatic organisms and plants.
Pesticides are toxic chemicals used to destroy different kinds of lawn pests.
Pesticides are toxic chemicals.
Pesticides are toxic substances deliberately added to our environment to kill living things.
Pesticides are toxic to both humans and the environment.
Pesticides are toxic to fish.
Pesticides are toxic to just about any living organism.
Pesticides are toxic to living organisms.
Pesticides are toxic to many forms of life in addition to the species to be controlled.
Pesticides are toxic to pet birds.
Pesticides are toxic, potentially dangerous substances.
Pesticides are toxic.
Pesticides are ubiquitous in the environment.
Pesticides are unique among the hazardous chemicals.
Pesticides are unnecessary because of the birds that thrive in the shade giving overstory.
Pesticides are unnecessary because of the birds that thrive in the shade-giving overstory.
Pesticides are used in our schools, parks, and public lands.
Pesticides are used on our lawns and gardens, and inhaled into our lungs via cigarette smoke.
Pesticides are used to control organisms that are considered to be harmful.
Pesticides are used to kill pests , but many are bad for human health .
Pesticides are used to kill pests, but many are bad for human health.
Pesticides are useful in controlling household pests, but they can also be very dangerous.
Pesticides are useful tools, but wrong or careless use can cause undesirable effects.
Pesticides are usually organic chemicals, but some are inorganic compounds.
Pesticides are very expensive to purchase and to apply.
Pesticides are widespread.
Pesticides are yet another great danger to the birds of prey.
Pesticides are, by definition, poisonous to the pests at which they are directed.
Pesticides are, by nature, toxic to some living organisms.
Pesticides attack the central nervous system and other vital body centers.
Pesticides become problems when they move off target.
Pesticides blow in from thousands of miles away.
Pesticides boost crop yields, making it possible to grow more food on less acreage.
Pesticides break down faster in warm, moist soil than in cooler or drier soil.
Pesticides can accumulate in their tissues and cause ulcers, reproductive failure, and even death.
Pesticides can also affect vision and memory.
Pesticides can also alter the availability of food, and herbicides can reduce necessary cover.
Pesticides can also be present in meats and dairy products.
Pesticides can also contaminate indoor environments when tracked or blown inside.
Pesticides can also have lethal effects years after their use.
Pesticides can also leach through the soil profile into the groundwater.
Pesticides can also persist outdoors in soil for weeks or years.
Pesticides can also pose risks to people, property and the environment.
Pesticides can also pose risks to people, property, and the environment.
Pesticides can also soak into the ground and move into streams where ground water discharges.
Pesticides can also threaten the health of agricultural workers and breed pesticide resistance.
Pesticides can be a tool to protect the environment when used carefully, wisely, and judiciously.
Pesticides can be beneficial tools.
Pesticides can be dangerous if used improperly or carelessly.
Pesticides can be dangerous, but they also can be used safely.
Pesticides can be expensive.
Pesticides can be incredibly beneficial and have most certainly increased food production.
Pesticides Can be Ineffective.
Pesticides can be poisonous to people and animals.
Pesticides can be remarkably persistent in biological systems.
Pesticides can be surprisingly persistent, both indoors and out.
Pesticides can be toxic to humans and lower animals.
Pesticides can be toxic to man, animals, and plants if improperly used.
Pesticides can be toxic to pets, non-target species, and other wildlife.
Pesticides can be very effective.
Pesticides can cause acute or chronic health effects.
Pesticides can cause adverse health problems including nervous disorders.
Pesticides can cause cancer, reduce fertility, and damage wildlife.
Pesticides can cause contact-associated skin irritation or allergies .
Pesticides can cause great damage if grossly mishandled.
Pesticides can cause many types of cancer in humans.
Pesticides can cause serious illness even among nonoccupationally exposed persons.
Pesticides can cause sterility and cancer.
Pesticides can contaminate surface and groundwater supplies.
Pesticides can contaminate well, pond and surface water.
Pesticides can destroy species diversity and create mono cultures.
Pesticides can deteriorate, leaving termites entry through weak spots.
Pesticides can drift and settle in local bodies of water.
Pesticides can drift from as far away as a half-mile or more.
Pesticides can enter plants, insects, and other living organisms.
Pesticides can enter the body through inhalation or accidental ingestion.
Pesticides can enter the body through the mouth, the respiratory system and the skin.
Pesticides can enter the body through the skin, the mouth, the eyes or the nose.
Pesticides can enter water supplies from point sources or from nonpoint sources.
Pesticides can harm humans in different ways.
Pesticides can harm school aged children.
Pesticides can have an estrogenic effect.
Pesticides can have both lethal and sub-lethal effects on organisms they come into contact with.
Pesticides can have negative impacts on fish growth, development, behavior and reproduction.
Pesticides can have potential health concerns for humans, animals and the overall environment.
Pesticides can help control many lawn pests.
Pesticides can help slow the spread of the moth as can natural enemies, including a European fungus.
Pesticides can help to attain sustainable development of the blueberry industry.
Pesticides can hurt the environment or poison people in many ways.
Pesticides can impair salmon s ability to transition from freshwater to seawater.
Pesticides can impair salmon's ability to transition from freshwater to sea water.
Pesticides can influence soil microbial activity, at times paradoxically.
Pesticides can injure plants.
Pesticides can injure, and perhaps kill, more than just pests.
Pesticides can interfere with the operation of the wastewater treatment plant or septic system.
Pesticides can irritate the skin, eyes, and lungs.
Pesticides can irritate the skin, eyes, nose, or mouth.
Pesticides can leak through stitching holes and gaps in seams of protective garments.
Pesticides can leak through stitching holes and gaps in seams.
Pesticides can leech into ground water used for human consumption.
Pesticides can make people sick if they eat something with the chemicals on it.
Pesticides can make their way to lakes, rivers, and streams in two basic ways.
Pesticides can make water unfit to drink and cause adverse ecological effects in streams.
Pesticides can minimize damage, but only when applied properly.
Pesticides can move from their initial distribution by a number of processes.
Pesticides can penetrate the leather.
Pesticides can permeate glove materials and leave no noticeable signs.
Pesticides can poison the water.
Pesticides can pollute air, ground, and water.
Pesticides can pose risks to people, property, and the environment.
Pesticides can pose significant health risks.
Pesticides can provide benefits, but if used improperly they can harm people, pets, and plants.
Pesticides can reduce salmon's ability to transition from freshwater to seawater.
Pesticides can remain active for a month to a year.
Pesticides can spread through the environment from use and disposal.
Pesticides can suppress the immune system.
Pesticides can wash off farmland in surface runoff and enter surface waters.
Pesticides cause a number of fish kills in ponds throughout Alabama each year.
Pesticides cause all kinds of health problems including cancer.
Pesticides cause cancer, birth defects and numerous health problems.
Pesticides collect in fatty tissue and the breast can become a reservoir.
Pesticides come in many forms but sprays, dusts, and baits are most commonly used in the home.
Pesticides come in variety of chem.
Pesticides commonly occur in mixtures.
Pesticides comprise a larger portion of peanut variable production costs than any other item.
Pesticides compromise the health of the community as well as the consumer's.
Pesticides concentrate in milk of both farm animals and humans.
Pesticides consist of liquid mixtures, dust and solid baits.
Pesticides contain some of the most toxic chemicals developed by man.
Pesticides contain some of the most toxic synthetic chemicals ever developed.
Pesticides contaminated by volatile herbicides can cause unintentional damage to lawns and plants.
Pesticides continue to produce unpleasant surprises around the world.
Pesticides contribute to breast cancer risk independent of fat intake.
Pesticides cost money and farmers want to use as little as possible.
Pesticides cost money.
Pesticides decrease microbial populations.
Pesticides decrease the nutrition available in our produce.
Pesticides definitely enter at many levels.
Pesticides degrade during transport from the farm field to the water body.
Pesticides destroy organisms needed to build a healthy soil.
Pesticides destroy the insects that harm crops.
Pesticides drastically reduce the numbers of mantids in a given area.
Pesticides encompass fungicides and insecticides.
Pesticides encompass several different chemical categories.
Pesticides endanger the lives of farmworker families.
Pesticides enhance the qulaity of life and the environment.
Pesticides enter surface water in runoff and by atmospheric deposition.
Pesticides enter surface waters in runoff from fields and through the ground-water system.
Pesticides enter the body most frequently through the skin.
Pesticides enter the drains either dissolved or carried by soil particles.
Pesticides fall on the plants, but also on workers, the ground and irrigation canals and streams.
Pesticides fall onto pavement during application where they can be washed into the sewer system.
Pesticides feed some organisms and harm others.
Pesticides follow any number of pathways.
Pesticides generally are man-made organic compounds.
Pesticides harm people.
Pesticides have a number of inherent problems.
Pesticides have a role in public health as part of sustainable integrated mosquito management.
Pesticides have pest controlled, product, and amount per acre.
Pesticides have special names depending on the kind of pests they are designed to kill.
Pesticides have the potential to cause health problems for people.
Pesticides have to be effective against the pest, but have no effect on the crop.
Pesticides have various levels of toxicity.
Pesticides help limit the damage that can be caused by insects, weeds and plant diseases.
Pesticides help to produce high yields on Canadian farms.
Pesticides Here are some specific products to consider.
Pesticides improve food quality, safety and availability.
Pesticides improve the quality of our food while reducing the risk of having food shortages.
Pesticides increase crop yields, enabling farmers to produce more.
Pesticides initiate and propagate multiple chemical sensitivities.
Pesticides kill all life in the soil.
Pesticides kill bees.
Pesticides kill birds as well as grasshoppers.
Pesticides kill both good and bad bugs, and can harm birds and fish too.
Pesticides kill butterflies, caterpillars, and other useful insects.
Pesticides kill insects and disease pathogens.
Pesticides kill insects, weeds, fungi, rodents and other unwanted organisms.
Pesticides kill more than the target pest.
Pesticides kill off the susceptible majority and leave only the resistant few.
Pesticides kill pests.
Pesticides kill problem pests as well as many beneficial insects.
Pesticides kill the weed but also destroy trees and other vegetation.
Pesticides kill worms and beneficial insects.
Pesticides kills pests but can cause damage and even kill other species.
Pesticides lose potency over time.
Pesticides make food safer by preventing the growth of toxin-generating molds.
Pesticides move between organic matter and water in soil.
Pesticides move from soil into the atmosphere by volatilization and wind erosion.
Pesticides Never store or use pesticides in the same room where lobsters are held.
Pesticides occur in older, shallow wells constructed in karst aquifers.
Pesticides only kill pests.
Pesticides Only use pesticides when they are necessary.
Pesticides penetrate broken skin more readily than intact skin.
Pesticides persist in the environment, imparting the useful quality of long term pest control.
Pesticides play an important role in agriculture.
Pesticides play an important role in controlling cockroaches.
Pesticides play an important role in the control of human and animal diseases, and crop pests.
Pesticides pose a significant risk to people, pets and the environment.
Pesticides pose an environmental hazard when used incorrectly.
Pesticides pose particular problems for human health and the environment.
Pesticides pose risks to human health and the environment, with special risks to children.
Pesticides pose serious dangers to both hummingbirds and butterflies.
Pesticides pose significant health risks to the people who harvest our food.
Pesticides pose yet another threat to the monarch population.
Pesticides present a wide range of hazards but are quite safe if used correctly.
Pesticides prevent bumble bees from collecting enough food to produce new queens.
Pesticides prevent diseases, control pests and prevent catastrophic losses.
Pesticides protect the high yields achieved by modern seeds, nitrogen fertilizers, and irrigation.
Pesticides provide many benefits, but they can harm people, pets, and plants.
Pesticides refer to all substances used to destroy unwanted vegetation, insects or other animals.
Pesticides remain effective in many areas where selection has been less severe.
Pesticides remain or persist in soil for a limited time.
Pesticides represent yet another problem for the river.
Pesticides Require careful disposal.
Pesticides require daylight for breakdown.
Pesticides require extensive acute and chronic tests to assure that they are safe.
Pesticides require special care and handling .
Pesticides require special care and handling.
Pesticides run off lawns and can contaminate rivers and lakes.
Pesticides scare many people.
Pesticides serve important roles in our society to protect crops and public health.
Pesticides stay on the gloves and can contaminate other fabrics or clothes.
Pesticides take a heavy toll on fish populations and other aquatic species.
Pesticides take a toll on glass lizards because of their insectivorous diet.
Pesticides tend to enter the environment in seasonal pulses.
Pesticides then build up in the tissues of the bat, and they sicken and die.
Pesticides threaten California's red legged frogs .
Pesticides threaten farm workers and consumers.
Pesticides typically attach to organic matter, reducing the chances of leaching.
Pesticides undergo careful testing under controlled laboratory conditions.
Pesticides use Store and reuse rinse water or absorbent.
Pesticides used for plum curculio also usually result in control of cranberry fruitworm.
Pesticides used improperly can be injurious to man, animals, and plants.
Pesticides used in agriculture and by the health services also causes the death of sea life.
Pesticides vary greatly in their affinity for soil particles and their solubility in water.
Pesticides vary greatly in toxicity to the target organism, the user, and the environment.
Pesticides vary in their effect on bees.
Pesticides vary in their levels of toxicity.
Pesticides vary in their toxicity to honey bees.
Pesticides vary significantly in efficacy, leachability, and toxicity.
Pesticides wash off from pesticides in their fat.
Pesticides wash out into nearby streams and rivers, contaminating the water.
Pesticides work by blocking the action of cholinesterases at the neuromuscular junctions.
Pesticides work by interfering with the life processes of plants and insects.
Pesticides work in two ways reduce bee population.
Pesticides work in two ways to reduce bee populations.
Pesticides often have greater effects on children because of their lower body weight.
Pesticides often have to be imported.
Pesticides often leave the most resistant pests behind as the more vulnerable ones disappear.
Pesticides usually break down into harmless components after they are released into an environment.
Pesticides usually form many break down products.
Pesticides usually have an expiry date of two years after manufacture.
All pesticides are bad.
All pesticides are hazardous if misused, no matter what their toxicity.
All pesticides are lethal poisons.
All pesticides are poisonous and can have serious effects on people, pets and wildlife.
All pesticides are poisonous, and sprays give only temporary relief.
All pesticides are poisonous.
All pesticides are potentially dangerous.
All pesticides are subject to varying restrictions.
All pesticides are suspect.
All pesticides are systemic.
All pesticides are to be stored under lock and key at all times.
All pesticides are toxic by definition.
All pesticides are toxic to some degree.
All pesticides are toxic.
All pesticides can be toxic, but some are far more toxic than others.
All pesticides have a half life, meaning that the pesticide has to break down at a fixed rate.
All pesticides have an active ingredient.
Any pesticide is only as effective as the person who judiciously applied it.
Many pesticides act in exactly the same way as rotenone.
Many pesticides aim to disrupt enzyme processes or denature proteins.
Many pesticides also cause skin and other health problems.
Many pesticides are available on the market for treatment of fleas on pets and the premises.
Many pesticides are 'contact' pesticides.
Many pesticides are contact pesticides.
Many pesticides are effective against thrips.
Many pesticides are extremely toxic to honey bees and other beneficial insects.
Many pesticides are harmful to aquatic organisms, and some are dangerous to humans as well.
Many pesticides are harmful to the environment and are suspected or known to be toxic to humans.
Many pesticides are highly toxic to honey bees and other beneficial insects.
Many pesticides are highly toxic to the applicator, family pets or wildlife around the garden area.
Many pesticides are more toxic to the beneficial insects than to the pests they are used against.
Many pesticides are petroleum based products and their costs increase with oil prices.
Many pesticides are registered poisons.
Many pesticides are relatively soluble in water, whereas others attach strongly to soil particles.
Many pesticides are so toxic that exposure to even a small amount can kill and adult.
Many pesticides are toxic and are associated with a variety of health problems.
Many pesticides are very expensive.
Many pesticides break down in sunlight.
Many pesticides can also be toxic to people.
Many pesticides can cause ongoing problems.
Many pesticides carry caution statements about applications during hot weather.
Many pesticides cause environmental and human health problems.
Many pesticides contain synthetic estrogens known as xenoestrogens.
Many pesticides granted exemptions are extremely toxic.
Many pesticides have safe, chemically-free organic alternatives.
Many pesticides have storage directions on the label.
Many pesticides kill indiscriminately so doom butterflies or their larvae.
Many pesticides last a long time.
Many pesticides now list a toll-free number for consumers.
Many pesticides pose an enormous risk to human health and the environment.
Many pesticides remain in soil or water long after they are used or needed.
Many pesticides require a permit from the county agricultural commissioner before possession or use.
Many pesticides sold for agricultural use can cause severe illness, even death, if misused.
More pesticides are likely to be found as our testing of groundwater increases.
Most pesticide affects development.
Most pesticide affects growth.
Most pesticide causes alteration.
Most pesticide causes brain damage.
Most pesticide causes damage.
Most pesticide contains acid.
Most pesticide has consequences.
Most pesticide has direct effects.
Most pesticide has disrupt effects.
Most pesticide has effects.
Most pesticide has harmful consequences.
Most pesticide has hormone effects.
Most pesticide has impact.
Most pesticide has information.
Most pesticide has minimal impact.
Most pesticide has secondary effects.
Most pesticide includes insecticide.
Most pesticide increases pest resistance.
Most pesticide increases resistance.
Most pesticide interferes with growth.
Most pesticide interferes with reproduction.
Most pesticide kills ants.
Most pesticide kills arthropods.
Most pesticide kills bees.
Most pesticide kills bugs.
Most pesticide kills certain insects.
Most pesticide kills insects.
Most pesticide kills larvae.
Most pesticide kills wasps.
Most pesticides are .
Most pesticides are artificial compounds which have a delayed reaction.
Most pesticides are dangerous poisons for people too.
Most pesticides are harmful either to adult butterflies, caterpillars, eggs, or pupae.
Most pesticides are intentionally toxic to the target organisms.
Most pesticides are man-made chemicals.
Most pesticides are only slightly toxic.
Most pesticides are poisons, but are targeted at specific problems.
Most pesticides are repellent to the insects.
Most pesticides are soluble in oil, a good reason to choose organic coffee.
Most pesticides are water insoluble and turn milky-white when water is added.
Most pesticides can cause severe illness, or even death, if misused.
Most pesticides contain chemicals that can be harmful to people, animals, or the environment.
Most pesticides contain significantly more inert than active ingredients.
Most pesticides fall into certain categories.
Most pesticides have a limited shelf life.
Most pesticides have ingredients that affect the nervous system of insects.
Most pesticides kill non-target organisms as well as the target, or pest species.
Most pesticides kill pests directly on contact.
Most pesticides recommend triple rinsing.
Most pesticides transform to simple, non-toxic products such as carbon dioxide and water.
Most pesticides used today are acutely toxic to humans.
Most pesticides used today are synthetic organic chemicals.
Some pesticide affects environmental health.
Some pesticide affects health.
Some pesticide causes problems.
Some pesticide causes similar problems.
Some pesticide causes trouble.
Some pesticide contains mercury.
Some pesticide enters ponds.
Some pesticide finds in leaves.
Some pesticide improves health.
Some pesticide improves human health.
Some pesticide increases germination.
Some pesticide kills adult fleas.
Some pesticide kills animals.
Some pesticide kills fleas.
Some pesticide kills hawks.
Some pesticide kills pests.
Some pesticide kills pets.
Some pesticide kills rodents.
Some pesticide kills termites.
Some pesticide kills voles.
Some pesticide threatens eagles.
Some pesticide uses in areas.
Some pesticides accumulate in the fat of animals and humans.
Some pesticides act faster than others, and some pesticides are easier to use than others.
Some pesticides also contain substances made from chlorine.
Some pesticides also pose unique health risks to children .
Some pesticides are also toxic to humans.
Some pesticides are cheaper in Canada, while others are cheaper in the United States.
Some pesticides are in a gas form known as fumigants.
Some pesticides are known to be deadly to hares and other wildlife.
Some pesticides are lethal to salmon, and large fish kills have occurred in the Pacific northwest.
Some pesticides are lethal to salmon, and large fish kills have occurred.
Some pesticides are more selective than others.
Some pesticides are much safer than others.
Some pesticides are non-hazardous or less hazardous than others.
Some pesticides are non-lethal to the target pest.
Some pesticides are only effective against certain pests or certain life stages of particular pests.
Some pesticides are relatively persistent once they reach water.
Some pesticides are relatively short-lived in water.
Some pesticides are slightly toxic to non- target soil organisms.
Some pesticides are toxic in small quantities to humans and animals.
Some pesticides are vapor active.
Some pesticides are very poisonous.
Some pesticides become even more toxic as they break down.
Some pesticides belong to a group of chemicals called organophosphates .
Some pesticides can also enter surface or groundwater either from leaching or runoff.
Some pesticides can be toxic to pets if ingested, so take special care.
Some pesticides can cause cancer and birth defects in people.
Some pesticides can cause cancer, central nervous system damage, or respiratory illness.
Some pesticides can cause nervous system damage, and are classed as neurotoxins.
Some pesticides can cause substantial, but temporary eye injury.
Some pesticides can cause water pollutionand even kill friendly insects like ladybugs.
Some pesticides can corrode or obstruct electronic systems or metal.
Some pesticides can soak through skin quite easily.
Some pesticides cause neurotoxicity that is unrelated to cholinesterase inhibition.
Some pesticides collect in animal fat.
Some pesticides commonly used on turf areas are quite toxic to fish.
Some pesticides contain ingredients listed as probable carcinogens.
Some pesticides evaporate more readily than others, so they can be more easily inhaled.
Some pesticides have common names that are easier to identify than chemical names.
Some pesticides have little effect on bees.
Some pesticides have low human toxicity while others are extremely toxic.
Some pesticides kill or harm birds and butterfly larvae directly.
Some pesticides kill the snail host which carries the parasite.
Some pesticides leach into ground water and have carcinogenic effects on humans.
Some pesticides persist in the aquatic environment for long periods of time.
Some pesticides pose an additional threat because they are long lasting in an indoor environment.
Some pesticides readily move through soils that are well-draine , sandy, or low in organic matter.
Some pesticides readily move through soils that are well-drained, sandy, or low in organic matter.
Some pesticides reduce the biological activity in the upper layer of soil.
Some pesticides remain active for years after application.
Some pesticides remain in the food chain and their effects become magnified.
Some pesticides require dry conditions, others do fine even if it rains afterwards.
Some pesticides require specific respirators.
Some pesticides require use of protective clothing, such as long sleeves and long pants, or gloves.
Some pesticides used for cockroach control and some wood preservatives also contain borates.
A pestilence is an epidemic disease
Pestilence is, and has been, the sole programmer and maintainer of the source.
Pestilence makes the heart go wander.
Pestilence screws up food production.
Pestilences are contagious or communicable diseases.
Pestilences are influence.
Pestilences make the greatest devastations in the most populous places.
Pestilent men scatter the city.
Pestle rod is stainless steel.
Pestle shaft is stainless steel.
Pesto sauce is usually available in the supermarket dairy case near the fresh pasta.
Pesto sauces are one example.
Pesto sauces are sauces.
A pesto is a sauce
Pesto freezes beautifully.
Pesto freezes well and can also be used as a marinade for fish or chicken.
Pesto freezes well for six months.
Pesto freezes well too.
Pesto has olive oil, basil, pine nuts, garlic, and maybe parmesan cheese.
Pesto has strong flavors, so little can go a long way.
Pesto's already senseless.
Pestos are located in jars.
Pestos are located in refrigerators.
Pestos are sauces.
Pestoas aces est foer ad aigend ascum consci ent to factor tum ppoen legum odio que civiuna.
Pet adoptions take place during the week at a number locations.
All pet algae is human grade algae.
Pet birds have fresh water.
Pet birds have water.
Pet birds have wings.
Pet birds need food.
Pet birds rely on worms.
Pet birds use energy.
Many pet birds enjoy a covered cage at night.
Most pet birds are perch potatoes, prone to obesity.
Most pet birds have fresh water.
Most pet birds have water.
Most pet birds have wings.
Most pet birds rely on worms.
Most pet birds use energy.
Some pet birds are omnivores, whose diet can consist of both plant and animal components.
Pet boas feed on mammals.
Pet boas live for years.
PET bottles are clear so consumers can see the product they're buying.
PET bottles come in many shapes and sizes, including jars.
Some pet budgies suffer from bacterial infection.
Some pet budgies suffer from infection.
Pet canaries live for years.
Most pet canaries live for years.
Pet Care is Canada's fastest growing pet insurer.
All pet care is the responsibility of the owner.
Pet cats get food.
Most pet cats get food.
Many pet cemeteries offer cremation services as well.
Pet cockatiels consume food.
Pet cockatiels live for years.
Most pet cockatiels consume food.
Most pet cockatiels live for years.
Pet cockatoos have mates.
Most pet cockatoos have mates.
Pet dingos live in areas.
Pet dingos live in neighbor areas.
Pet dingos live in urban areas.
Pet dingos look like dogs.
Most pet dingos live in areas.
Most pet dingos live in neighbor areas.
Most pet dingos live in urban areas.
Most pet dingos look like dogs.
Pet dogs gain weight.
Pet dogs live in homes.
Pet dogs play roles.
Most pet dogs gain weight.
Most pet dogs live in homes.
Most pet dogs play roles.
Some pet dogs are killed by wolves.
Many pet ferrets enjoy making a soft nest to snuggle into.
PET film is the most common film used in laminated sailcloth.
Some pet fish have novel roles.
Some pet fish have roles.
Most pet folks know about Ocean Beach's Dog Beach.
Pet food manufacturers solve problems.
Pet food contains crude fiber.
Pet food contains fiber.
Pet food has calcium.
Pet food is feed
Pet food is feed.
Pet food is located in pet stores.
Pet food is located in supermarkets.
Pet food is pet food.
All pet foods have different levels of moisture.
ANY pet foods contain fillers that have little or no nutritional value.
Every pet food sold in the U.S. and Canada is labeled with certain nutritional information.
Many pet foods contain fillers that have little or no nutritional value.
Most pet food contains crude fiber.
Most pet food contains fiber.
Most pet food has calcium.
Most pet foods have a very low fiber content.
Most pet foods provide appropriate levels of sodium, potassium and chloride.
Most pet foods use by-products.
Most pet foods use mineral oxides or sulfates.
Some pet food attracts skunks.
Some pet food attracts toads.
Some pet food contains levels.
Some pet food contains meat.
Some pet food contains raw meat.
Pet gerbils are also available in a variety of colors, including white, albino and black.
Pet gerbils are available in a variety of colors, including white, soft caramel and all-black.
Pet gerbils have years.
Most pet gerbils have years.
Pet goldfishes eat food.
Most pet goldfishes eat food.
Many pet guides explain the various animal personalities, tendencies, and backgrounds in detail.
Pet guinea pigs need attentive care.
Pet guinea pigs need care.
Most pet hams enjoy trips to places where they can meet pet hams from other families.
Pet hamsters are descended from female hamsters.
Pet hamsters are descended from golden hamsters.
Pet hamsters are descended from hamsters.
Pet hamsters are descended from single female wild golden hamsters.
Pet hamsters store food.
Most pet hamsters are descended from female hamsters.
Most pet hamsters are descended from golden hamsters.
Most pet hamsters are descended from hamsters.
Most pet hamsters are descended from single female wild golden hamsters.
Pet hedgehogs live up to years.
Most pet hedgehogs live up to years.
PET imaging appears to offer better sensitivity.
PET imaging can provide information to pinpoint and evaluate diseases of the brain.
PET imaging is sensitive enough to detect cancer cells in lymph nodes smaller than one centimetre.
PET imaging is used to localize motor and language areas.
PET imaging offers several benefits over other nuclear imaging modalities.
All pet items carry a money back guarantee.
Pet kittens need food.
Pet owners become hosts.
Pet owners consider companions.
Pet owners consider loyal companions.
Pet owners experience death.
Pet owners face obstacles.
Pet owners feed dogs.
Pet owners find battles.
Pet owners find lose battles.
Pet owners identify breathe problems.
Pet owners identify problems.
Pet owners keep products.
Pet owners require assistance.
Pet owners treat pets.
Pet owners understand importance.
Pet owners understand responsibility.
Pet owners want conveniences.
Pet owners wash hands.
Pet owners wash own hands.
All pet owners are responsible for any and all actions of animals.
All pet owners are welcome and encouraged to participate.
All pet owners can relate to the horror of having a beloved cat or dog sent to the pound.
All pet owners know that some minor surgeries are necessary also.
Many pet owners adopt a healthier lifestyle as well.
Many pet owners agree.
Many pet owners are interested in a natural approach to nutrition and treatment of common disorders.
Many pet owners are more concerned with the seriousness of the strange behavior than the costs.
Many pet owners are willing to pay good money for the security and safety of their pets.
Many pet owners believe their pets are healthier on a raw diet.
Many pet owners bemoan the finicky eating habits of their cats and dogs.
Many pet owners benefit from traditional classes in the park.
Many pet owners comment that their dogs eat less during hot weather.
Many pet owners consider a spay and neuter requirement to be an infringement of their rights.
Many pet owners consider ferrets a very desirable pet.
Many pet owners do let their dogs ride uncrated in the backs of pick-up trucks.
Many pet owners don t listen to their vets and their pets conditions grow increasingly worse.
Many pet owners encounter problems at the vet.
Many pet owners face the maze of unfamiliar policies and practices of animal welfare agencies.
Many pet owners find it is well worth it for their many wonderful traits.
Many pet owners find patches to be very attractive.
Many pet owners give their pets table scraps like pasta, meat, eggs, fish, fruits, and vegetables.
Many pet owners make the critical mistake of only checking their local pound.
Many pet owners own the breed they do because of an impulse buy.
Many pet owners prefer a shortened coat to make the dog easier to brush and maintain.
Many pet owners purchase their pet rats at the local pet shop as well.
Many pet owners realize the necessity of adding behavioral structure to their pets' lives.
Many pet owners refuse to have their animals spayed or neutered.
Many pet owners spend hours improving the look of our yards.
Many pet owners use electric clippers to shorten grooming time.
Many pet owners wonder about herbal treatments.
Most pet owners are able to purchase commercial chinchilla pellets from a pet store.
Most pet owners become hosts.
Most pet owners believe their pets are both intelligent and sensitive.
Most pet owners buy their dogs for pleasure.
Most pet owners consider companions.
Most pet owners consider loyal companions.
Most pet owners experience death.
Most pet owners face obstacles.
Most pet owners feed dogs.
Most pet owners find battles.
Most pet owners find lose battles.
Most pet owners have a captive audience when it comes to feeding their pet.
Most pet owners identify breathe problems.
Most pet owners identify problems.
Most pet owners keep products.
Most pet owners prefer to shampoo their pets.
Most pet owners recoil at the idea of confining dog cages, though.
Most pet owners regard their animals as members of the family.
Most pet owners require assistance.
Most pet owners treat pets.
Most pet owners understand importance.
Most pet owners understand responsibility.
Most pet owners use boarding or sitting services relatively infrequently.
Most pet owners wait until they have a flea and tick problem before attempting to combat it.
Most pet owners wash hands.
Most pet owners wash own hands.
Some pet owners are fastidiously clean.
Some pet owners are more responsible than others.
Some pet owners are quite resistant to keeping their cats indoors.
Some pet owners are willing to do some outrageous things for their pets.
Some pet owners assure the freshness of pet food by making it at home.
Some pet owners avoid spaying and neutering their pets due to cost.
Some pet owners bathe their dog or cat weekly in an effort to decrease allergen levels.
Some pet owners become concern.
Some pet owners contribute to success.
Some pet owners describe dog behavior in terms of human conduct and emotions.
Some pet owners develop allergic reactions to guinea pig hair and skin.
Some pet owners develop allergies to their mouse's dander and urine.
Some pet owners discontinue therapy.
Some pet owners feed their dogs raw food only, to avoid any potential problems with raw food.
Some pet owners find great comfort in acquiring a new pet soon after the loss of another.
Some pet owners find life.
Some pet owners find products.
Some pet owners give human names to their pets .
Some pet owners give human names to their pets.
Some pet owners give their dogs heartworm medication only during the hot summer months.
Some pet owners have a small cage for the hedgehog but have a big play area.
Some pet owners have cats.
Some pet owners have the dog's hair cut in bangs like a miniature schnauzer.
Some pet owners opt to clip the hair short for easier and less time consuming grooming.
Some pet owners practice types.
Some pet owners realize danger.
Most pet pages have a picture.
Pet parakeets belong to families.
Most pet parakeets belong to families.
Most pet parents begin with the proper cage or habitat.
Pet parrots eat food.
All pet parrots blossom well in a happy and stable household.
Most pet parrots eat food.
Some pet peacocks live in backyards, while others are offered spacious farmlike surroundings.
All pet photos welcome.
PET plastic is the number one recycled plastic.
Most pet poisonings are the result of pesticides used to control fleas.
Pet rabbits live for years.
Most pet rabbits have very weak bones, and are prone to fractures, often for no apparent reason.
Most pet rabbits live for years.
Most pet rats are a domesticated variety of Norwegian rats.
Some pet rats get pneumonia.
Some pet rats have lice.
Pet scans are medical imaging.
Pet scans are medical tests.
PET scans are non-invasive, painless and safe.
PET scans are only available in a few hospitals.
PET scans are pictures of the actual biological functioning of the human body.
PET scans are the only ones that can show functioning areas of the brain.
PET scans bear it out.
PET scans can help determine the resectability of a known tumor.
PET scans can spot heart disease and compute blood flow.
PET scans confirm that memory tasks require the involvement of a range of brain areas.
PET scans cost between two and three thousand dollars.
PET scans give similar results.
PET scans monitor short-lived radioactive isotopes of oxygen that have been injected into the blood.
PET scans produce a three-dimensional image.
PET scans reveal metabolic activity in the brain.
PET scans show reduced metabolic activity in schizophrenics.
PET scans suggest atrophy in the prefrontal areas.
PET scans track blood flow in the brain and show which areas become active during selected tasks.
PET scans track the flow of radioactively labelled blood in the brain.
PET scans use a radioactive tag that can show how much glucose cells are using.
PET scans use radioactively labeled glucose to detect sugar-hungry tumor cells.
PET scanners use radio waves to measure how chemicals move through brain tissue.
PET scanners use radioactive markers to measure various types of activity in the body.
Most pet servals are declawed.
Some pet shampoos contain herbal and citrus extracts and oils that act as natural flea repellants.
A pet shop is a store
Pet shops are shops.
Pet shops are stores.
Pet shops sell food.
Pet shops sell liquid food.
Every pet shop has dog bones and catnip wrapped in red hearts and bows.
Most pet shops carry guinea pigs, or cavies as they are known from their origin in Peru and Brazil.
Most pet shops deal only in purebred puppies.
Most pet shops obtain their kittens from local breeders.
Most pet shops offer books on dog training.
Most pet shops sell food.
Most pet shops sell infusion materials for feeding baby fish.
Most pet shops sell liquid food.
Some pet shops advertise for puppies from local sources.
Some pet shops make a big deal out of their puppies' pedigrees.
Some pet shops offer food.
A pet sitter is a custodian
Many pet sitters do both.
Most pet sitters feed, walk, and play with pets daily.
Some pet sitters do very, very well with cat's only services.
A pet sitting is attention
Pet sitting is available in Juneau.
Pet sitting is available.
Most pet skunks share the same environment as their owner.
Pet snakes eat prey.
Pet snakes show deviation.
Most pet snakes eat prey.
Most pet snakes show deviation.
Some pet starlings do indeed get along very well with the exotic pet birds in their homes.
Pet stores are retail stores.
Pet stores are stores.
All pet stores carry various types of scratching posts at reasonable prices.
All pet stores sell special odor killers that, used properly, are both safe and effective.
Every pet store has a couple of birds.
Many pet stores buy puppies from puppy mills, where puppies are abused and exploited.
Many pet stores carry giant mealworms.
Many pet stores carry live mealworms and house crickets as food for lizards and other vertebrates.
Many pet stores keep their ornates in an completely aquatic tank - just water and gravel.
Many pet stores make the mistake of advising their customers to feed gliders parrot seed mixes.
Many pet stores sell ac commercial brand hermit crab diet.
Many pet stores sell cedar and pine shavings for small animal bedding.
Many pet stores sell dogs from puppy mills.
Many pet stores sell ground oyster shells as a digestive supplement for birds.
Many pet stores sell small toys that are made of acrylic lambs wool type material.
Many pet stores try to convince to buy their deluxe, yet expensive, guinea pig cage.
Most pet stores carry a good selection.
Most pet stores carry brands of food formulated specifically for ferrets.
Most pet stores carry brine shrimp exclusively for food.
Most pet stores carry ground coconut fiber or forest bark bedding which is an excellent substrate.
Most pet stores carry kits for growing kitty grass.
Most pet stores carry nail clippers designed for cats.
Most pet stores have a wide variety of cages and aquariums to choose from.
Most pet stores sell a special dog nail clipper.
Most pet stores sell a variety of medicine, some for single diseases and some for multiple diseases.
Most pet stores sell mice for either purpose.
Most pet stores sell nail clippers designed for cats.
Most pet stores sell neutered and descented kits.
Most pet stores sell plastic leaves that can be hung from the top of aquariums to simulate trees.
Most pet stores sell reptile trees, logs, and other accessories designed for snakes.
Most pet stores sell safe heating supplies.
Most pet stores sell siphons that vacuum out waste and leftover food from the aquarium bottom.
Most pet stores sell turtle pellets that are safe for terrapins.
Some pet stores offer cats from animal shelters and function as adoption agencies.
Some pet stores offer litter in bulk to hold down cost.
Some pet stores use the same water circulated between all their tanks.
PET studies offer support too.
Most pet supplements have synthetic vitamins and minerals added to their products.
Some pet thieves have other motives.
Some pet toads require preparation.
Pet tortoises require diets.
Most pet tortoises require diets.
Some pet toys are safer than others.
PET tracers are currently under study.
Most pet traffic is limited to dogs, for obvious reasons.
A pet is an animal
PET adapts well to in-line extrusion, thermoforming, and trimming operations.
PET allows an instructor to administer and monitor class exercises.
PET allows for the measurement of function and metabolism in normal and diseased tissue.
PET allows the transfer of the tracer assay methodology to the living subject, particularly humans.
PET detects myocardial viability in patients with previous myocardial infarction or severe ischemia.
PET enables the cardiologist to screen for heart disease and evaluate damage from heart attacks.
PET explores the brain's organization for perception, action, language, attention, and emotion.
PET focuses on fault tolerant transmission of prioritized data over packet switched networks.
PET improves treatment and reduces costs for many cancers such as lung and colorectal cancer.
PET is accessible, practical, available.
PET is more sensitive than conventional tests and provides an expanded look at an area.
PET is thus a major project in metacomputing, software tools, and visualization.
PET is unlike any other medical imaging technology.
Pet isa animal.
Pet isa beast.
Pet isa creature.
PET maintain their properties and dimensional stability.
PET measures how intensely different parts of the brain use up glucose, oxygen, or other substances.
PET measures how much oxygen a particular part of the brain is using.
PET measures the cerebral glucose metabolism using radioactively labeled tracers.
PET measures the patient's cerebral blood flow, and documents the brain's changing hormonal balance.
PET produces an image that shows the concentration of radioisotopes within living tissues.
PET provides a unique array of tools for brain investigations.
PET provides such information.
PET reduces expenses and risk by avoiding unnecessary invasive procedures.
PET requires admission to an obstetric unit for close monitoring of mother and infant.
PET reveals occipitotemporal pathway activation during elementary form perception in humans.
PET scratches easily, the toner can flake, and comes off in water.
PET shows blood flow by imaging trace amounts of radioisotopes.
PET shows cerebral blood flow, a measure of neural activity.
PET shows whether a tumor is benign or malignant.
PET stands for polyethylene terephthalate, a plastic resin and a form of polyester.
PET stands for posture, exercise, and time management.
PET stands for potential evapotranspiration and is becoming widely available in Texas.
PET works by providing a dynamic image of the body's interior.
PET works like a small hammer but through an interim liquid layer rather than directly.
PET yields functional information as to the metabolic activity of regions of the brain.
Pets act like small mine- sweepers, collecting hatched and hungry fleas from everywhere.
Pets act like small minesweepers, collecting hatched and hungry fleas from everywhere.
Pets act to break down the barriers.
Pets adapt to environments.
Pets add a great deal to human lives.
Pets add a lot of love to our lives, without asking for anything in return.
Pets add fun, companionship and love to our lives, but they re also a big responsibility.
Pets add lots of fun and companionship to our lives, but they're also a big responsibility.
Pets add more.
Pets add so much pleasure to life.
Pets alleviate stress, anxiety and depression.
Pets also can pass parasites, fungi and some bacterial infections to their owners.
Pets also get the same benefits as people and livestock.
Pets also have an uncanny way of stripping the facades from people.
Pets also help children to relax and be calm, and they make children smile.
Pets also help to foster family cohesion.
Pets also love our worms.
Pets also seem to have the power to physically heal their owners.
Pets also seem to make the hospital environment more welcoming.
Pets also shed bits of skin that have their own particular allergic potential.
Pets also track in pollen, and one out of every ten people is allergic to cat or dog dander.
Pets also welcome.
Pets appear to help lower blood pressure and make people happier.
Pets are a big investment of time, money and emotion.
Pets are a big part of our lives.
Pets are a big responsibility.
Pets are a bundel of love.
Pets are a common source of infection with ringworm and can transmit the infection.
Pets are a different matter.
Pets are a distraction.
Pets are a family responsibility and require adult involvement on a daily basis.
Pets are a favorite subject, and so are school sporting events.
Pets are a favourite subject, and so are school sports days.
Pets are a good example.
Pets are a good thing.
Pets are a great addition to any child s life and can be a wonderful and memorable experience.
Pets are a life-long commitment.
Pets are a lot like humans, they like companionship, no one likes being left alone.
Pets are a major source of support and increase perception the ability to cope.
Pets are a no-no.
Pets are a part of many peoples' lives.
Pets are a part of the family.
Pets are a problem inside a residence hall because of sanitation, pest control, allergies and noise.
Pets are a problem when living on the economy.
Pets are a responsibility as much as a pleasure.
Pets are a revealing evidence of our mental continuity with animal minds.
Pets are a simple, drug free way to lower stress and improve health.
Pets are a source of expectation, hope and communication.
Pets are a source of joy and relaxation.
Pets are a special part of our families.
Pets are a topic of great interest to most young children.
Pets are a valued part of the family.
Pets are able to see the dead.
Pets are accepted on a first come, first serve basis.
Pets are accepted on an individual basis, please call regarding details.
Pets are already close at hand.
Pets are also eligible.
Pets are also frequent victims of plant poisoning.
Pets are also frequent victims of plant poisonings.
Pets are also highly susceptible to lead poisoning from lead contaminated dust.
Pets are also suspect to cold weather.
Pets are also therapeutic.
Pets are also welcome - in kennel boxes in barn with prior notice.
Pets are also welcome inside the retail shop.
Pets are also welcome on approval.
Pets are also welcome on space available and by reservation only.
Pets are also welcome to walk as long as they are on a leash.
Pets are also welcome with a small fee.
Pets are also welcome.
Pets are always a great help in times of stress.
Pets are always good photo subjects.
Pets are always hell to lose.
Pets are always the first to sense danger.
Pets are always welcome.
Pets are an antidote to depression.
Pets are an excellent source of companionship, for example.
Pets are an important part of life at Frederick.
Pets are an important part of many people's lives, a fact that is reflected often in our speech.
Pets are an important part of our everyday lives.
Pets are an important part of our life.
Pets are an important part of the American household.
Pets are an invitation to talk and something to talk about.
Pets are animals kept as companions and treated with care and affection.
Pets are animals which can comfort people all the time.
Pets are animals willing to extend that presence to our daily lives.
Pets are animals.
Pets are another common source of infection.
Pets are another kind of companion that have been helpful and supportive for many sick people.
Pets are another significant cause.
Pets are at least a ten-year investment.
Pets are at particular risk, since they seem to find the plant very palatable.
Pets are available for adoption during open hours.
Pets are calmer, too, if kept away from the door.
Pets are comfortable and feel protected in small places.
Pets are content merely to sense their master's presence, and they do that with their other senses.
Pets are curious, and can become tangled or even choke if they chew on the decorations.
Pets are dewormed for tapeworms throughout their lives.
Pets are discouraged but outdoor accomodations can be made.
Pets are easy prey for cougars.
Pets are essential to the quality of life of many senior citizens.
Pets are expensive.
Pets are extra.
Pets are family members to many.
Pets are family members who deserve our ongoing love and respect.
Pets are family members, too, and deserve our attention and appreciation.
Pets are family members.
Pets are family too.
Pets are family, too.
Pets are fantastic.
Pets are far more likely to stray from home and get lost than be stolen.
Pets are far more likely to stray from home and get lost than to be stolen.
Pets are fine except for exotic ones like snakes and spiders, etc.
Pets are fine.
Pets Are For Keeps .
Pets are for life.
Pets are for petting.
Pets are forever.
Pets are free of pain as long as possible.
Pets are free, but kids are full price.
Pets are free.
Pets are friends for life.
Pets are friends.
Pets are frightened by loud noises and bright flashes.
Pets are fun to watch and people often laugh at their antics.
Pets are fun.
Pets are fun.
Pets are generally welcome in Florida's state parks in designated areas if they are kept on a leash.
Pets are generally welcome.
Pets are going to cause trouble, so call first.
Pets are good for our emotional and physical health.
Pets are good for people.
Pets are good, but they're easily replaced.
Pets are good.
Pets are great carriers of parasites.
Pets are great carriers of parasitic infestation.
Pets are great conversation pieces.
Pets are great listeners.
Pets are great, but they can be an expensive luxury.
Pets are great.
Pets are happier, healthier and live longer when housed indoors.
Pets are important and they can do wonders for the human soul.
Pets are include because they are family too.
Pets are indeed very important for our own health and emotional well-being.
Pets are individuals and different breeds have different needs.
Pets are interesting to children, an invitation to learn while having fun.
Pets are irritability.
Pets are just a nuisance to have around.
Pets are just like our children, they understand the language of love and compassion.
Pets are less likely to bite.
Pets are less likely to get car sick if they can see the passing scenery.
Pets are less likely to roam, get lost, injured or killed.
Pets are less likely to roam, run away, or get into fights.
Pets are like angels, Without any wings.
Pets are likely to die of exposure, starvation, predators, contaminated food or water.
Pets are located at homes.
Pets are located in houses.
Pets are located in parks.
Pets are located in tables.
Pets are long time companions, and they are also loyal.
Pets are marvelous members of our families and offer companionship, protection and enjoyment.
Pets are member of families.
Pets are more comfortable and content when life stays in order.
Pets are more likely to run off when left without their owners.
Pets are more recognizable than their owners.
Pets are more than accepted on the property they are welcomed.
Pets are most frequently the link by which rabies is spread from the wild to people.
Pets are most important to train children to have respect for animals and their needs and wishes.
Pets are most welcome and no extra charge.
Pets are most welcome.
Pets are much closer to the hot asphalt or concrete, and their bodies can heat up quickly.
Pets are naturally curious and are prone to claw, scratch, and pick at peeling materials.
Pets are naturally curious, investigating everything in their domain.
Pets are negotiable .
Pets are negotiable and a one-year lease is required.
Pets are negotiable with a deposit.
Pets are negotiable with deposit .
Pets are negotiable, and children are welcome.
Pets are negotiable.
Pets are nice to have for the entire family to enjoy.
Pets are nice.
Pets are normally quite happy to take the supplement as they like the clam flavor.
PETS are normally welcome except where otherwise stated.
Pets are nothing.
Pets are off limits in restrooms, store, laundry room and fenced pool area.
Pets are often a good buffer and an emotional refuge.
Pets are often a good buffer, an emotional refuge for a child.
Pets are often entertaining and humorous to watch.
Pets are often more affectionate and less likely to run away from home and get into fights.
Pets are often times our healers.
Pets are often victims of divorce, death, downsizes and layoffs.
Pets are ok and licences and guides available.
Pets are ok for an extra charge.
Pets are OK if they sleep inside a cage or kennel or outside otherwise.
Pets are OK subjects, too.
Pets are ok with advance notice.
Pets are ok.
Pets are okay on prior approval.
Pets are okay, but please smoke only outside.
Pets are on premises.
Pets are only by prior arrangement.
Pets are our own reflection.
Pets are part of a person's life.
Pets are part of many children's lives.
Pets are part of the family too.
Pets are part of the family.
Pets are part of the home.
Pets are particularly good for elderly people people.
Pets are particularly therapeutic for the elderly or infirm, who have become socially isolated.
Pets are peachy, but mice are nice.
Pets are people-oriented.
Pets are perfect ladies and gents.
Pets are permissible.
Pets are permitted in the campground, canoes are available for rent.
Pets are permitted.
Pets are possible, but please call beforehand.
Pets are precious passengers.
Pets are preventive, possibly through relieving stress and triggering endorphin release.
Pets are priceless.
Pets are property.
Pets are re- quiredto have had their distemperand rabies shots.
Pets are really aliens.
Pets are really good for people.
Pets are resilient.
Pets are responsibility.
Pets are safest when they are under the close control of a responsible owner.
Pets are slaves.
Pets are so wonderful - so warm and dear and loving.
Pets are sooooo cute, like Japanese anime.
Pets are subject to import duty.
Pets are subject to the same safety hazards as their owners when traveling unrestrained in a car.
Pets are such an important aspect in everyday life.
Pets are the adhesive that pull people closer.
Pets are the full responsibility of their owners.
Pets are the most common bridge between rabid wildlife and people.
Pets are the most common cause of bites, with dog bites occurring most often.
Pets are the perfect workout companions .
Pets are the same charge as adults.
Pets are the second most important source of indoor allergens.
Pets are the sole responsibility of the owner.
Pets are to be brought to the clinic in the morning on the day of surgery.
Pets are to be kept on a leash.
Pets are to be leashed or in a closed office or cubicle.
Pets are to be walked in nonuse areas and kept on a leash while outside.
Pets are to leave the campground when- ever the owner leaves.
Pets are to remain outside the building with the exception of seeing eye dogs for the handicapped.
Pets are truly members of the American family.
Pets are truly part of the family.
Pets are unable to survive on their own if left behind.
Pets are under control or confined.
Pets are unlikely to survive on their own.
Pets are used for companionship.
Pets are used for petting.
Pets are very much like children.
Pets are very much like people.
PETS are very welcome as long as they are kept under control as in any farming area.
Pets are very welcome.
Pets are welcome - just bring suitable bedding.
Pets are welcome - just remember that owner, pet, leash and scoop are a package deal on our grounds.
Pets are welcome - please inquire.
Pets are welcome - proof of rabies vaccination required.
Pets are welcome .
Pets are welcome after approval by the owner.
Pets are welcome after okayed by the landlord.
Pets are welcome also as long as they are leashed and the walked on the outer perimeter.
Pets are welcome also as long as they are leashed.
Pets are welcome and a full sourdough breakfast is served.
Pets are welcome and are accommodated in an inside arena.
Pets are welcome and Dog Sled tours can be arranged through the local mushers.
Pets are welcome and private parking is available.
Pets are welcome and rental parking is available nearby.
Pets are welcome and short-term leases are available.
Pets are welcome and smoking is permitted outdoors only.
Pets are welcome and there are miles of forested tracks where dogs can do no harm.
Pets are welcome and there are three stables and a paddock if required.
Pets are welcome and two week maximum stay.
Pets are welcome as long as the are leased while outside.
Pets are welcome as long as they are leashed during daytime hours.
Pets are welcome as long as they are under control, and cleaned up after.
Pets are welcome as long as they are under control.
Pets are welcome at a minimum charge.
Pets are welcome at many properties so the whole family can enjoy time away.
Pets are welcome at our home if they stay outdoors.
Pets are welcome at the cottage only.
Pets are welcome but are restricted to designated units.
Pets are welcome but it is regretted that the accommodation is unsuitable for small children.
Pets are welcome but owners are responsible for clean-up and all damage.
Pets are welcome but please check on passports, etc.
Pets are welcome but please respect other guests.
Pets are welcome but sorry, no cats or hamsters.
Pets are welcome by arrangement free of charge.
Pets are welcome by arrangement.
Pets are welcome by prior arrangement.
Pets are welcome for a small fee per pet.
PETS are welcome here at no extra charge.
Pets are welcome here.
Pets are welcome if kept on a leash at all times.
Pets are welcome if kept quiet, under control and on a leash at all times.
Pets are welcome if leashed and cleaned up after.
Pets are welcome if on a leash and cleaned up after.
Pets are welcome if registered in advance.
Pets are welcome if they are happy to sleep in their owners car.
Pets are welcome if they are happy to sleep in their owners' car.
Pets are welcome if they are properly under the control of the owner.
Pets Are welcome if well behaved and under control.
Pets are welcome in all cottages.
Pets are welcome in all rooms except cabin.
Pets are welcome in campsites.
Pets are welcome in certain rooms with the payment of a small additional fee.
Pets are welcome in cottages only.
Pets are welcome in designated areas.
Pets are welcome in designated cabins.
Pets are welcome in guests bedrooms by prior arrangement.
Pets are welcome in many chalets, while other chalets are designated as 'pet free'.
Pets are welcome in most cottages for a small additional fee.
Pets are welcome in our annexe, which is a double ensuite room at the rear of the house.
Pets are welcome in our pet store.
Pets are welcome in some parks if under leash or immediate voice control.
Pets are welcome in some rooms on an availability basis.
Pets are welcome in some rooms.
Pets are welcome in the borough.
Pets are welcome in the cabins.
Pets are welcome in the first floor rooms.
Pets are welcome in the hotel.
Pets are welcome in the recreation areas, outside the swimming beach, as long as they are leashed.
Pets are welcome in the spacious rooms with kitchens.
Pets are welcome on a leash.
Pets are welcome on leash.
Pets are welcome on leashes.
Pets are welcome on the marina, but owners are held responsible for any mess or damage.
Pets are welcome on the Parkway as long as they are on a leash or otherwise under physical control.
Pets are welcome on the reservation sections.
Pets are welcome only in certain areas and accommodations.
Pets are welcome outside the bed and breakfast.
Pets are welcome to our outside area.
Pets are welcome to shop with their owners.
Pets are welcome to stay.
Pets are welcome to visit.
Pets are welcome to walk as long as they are on a leash.
Pets are welcome too.
Pets are welcome under control.
Pets are welcome under strict control.
Pets are welcome upon approval.
Pets are welcome when leashed and quiet.
Pets are welcome Where convenience is always in style.
Pets are welcome with a dog-walking area adjoining the motel.
Pets are welcome with prior approval, a damage waiver and a fee.
Pets are welcome with prior approval, a signed damage waver, and a fee.
Pets are welcome with prior approval.
Pets are welcome with prior notification and approval.
Pets are welcome with restrictions and at our discretion.
Pets are welcome with some restrictions.
Pets are welcome within reason.
Pets are welcome, and senior discounts are offered.
Pets are welcome, and smoking and nonsmoking rooms are available.
Pets are welcome, as long as they are kept under control by their owners.
Pets are welcome, as long as visitors bring health and inoculation certificates for their animals.
Pets are welcome, but a refundable damage deposit is requested.
Pets are welcome, but please check ahead with the hotel.
Pets are welcome, but please smoke only on the balcony.
Pets are welcome, but sorry no cats.
Pets are welcome, but sorry, no smokers.
Pets are welcome, however they require a deposit and there is a daily charge.
Pets are welcome, one per cabin.
Pets are welcome, providing they are house-trained and under control.
Pets are welcome, too.
Pets are welcome, with some exceptions, ask for details.
Pets are welcome.
Pets are Welcome.
PETS are welcome.
Pets are wonderful and loyal companions.
Pets are wonderful for children, but only if parents do their part.
Pets Are Wonderful is financially support through the generosity of donors.
Pets are wonderful people.
Pets Are Wonderful Support.
Pets are wonderful, but only when nurtured by caring and responsible owners.
Pets are Wonderful.
Pets arriving in the State of Hawaii are subject to state territorial quarantine requirements.
Pets Ask about regulations for licenses, vaccinations, tags, etc.
Pets attract allergen.
Pets become a part of the family and remain for ever in our hearts.
Pets become as endearing as a child or a close friend to many pet owners.
Pets become fat and lazy after being spayed or neutered.
Pets become flying projectiles in accidents.
Pets become unintended victims of traps set for coyotes.
Pets become vulnerable to fire when left unattended, as well as other health risks like overheating.
Pets begin to cough and show general weakness and exercise intolerance all within a matter of weeks.
Pets bought impulsively often end up in shelters.
Pets bridge all communication gaps.
Pets bring a lot of joy into our lives but they make locating a rental home more difficult.
Pets bring immense joy to our lives but they are also a serious responsibility.
Pets Bring in outdoor pets.
Pets bring joy to many families.
Pets bring out the good in people.
Pets bring such joy to our lives.
Pets bring therapeutic benefits to nursing homes.
Pets buried here include dogs and cats, monkeys, cheetahs, and goldfish to name but a few.
Pets can act as emotional substitutes for spouses, romantic partners and children.
Pets can act as 'security blankets', unquestioning confidantes and valuable companions.
Pets can also be good luck for their owners.
Pets can also be sensitive to foods.
Pets can also become infected and can spread the parasite to humans.
Pets can also expose people to a variety of bacterial infections and cause severe allergies.
Pets can also fall prey to poisonous plants.
Pets can also get chemotherapy for cancer.
Pets can also get rabies from wild animals.
Pets can also present problems in a community living setting.
Pets can also provide companionship and pleasure for people.
Pets can also reduce stress and anxiety levels, making people feel more relaxed.
Pets can also show the same sensitivities to chemicals and contaminates in their living environment.
Pets can also swallow lead dust that collects on rawhides, catnip mice, and other toys.
Pets can also work as a buffer against social isolation.
Pets can attract mountain lions into developed areas.
Pets can be a delightful experience.
Pets can be a real problem.
Pets can be a rewarding addition to any family, but they come with responsibilities.
Pets can be a source of humor, and humor can have positive effects on health.
Pets can be a source of physical as well as emotional comfort.
Pets can be an important part of our lives.
Pets can be costly, especially for people on a fixed income.
Pets can be costly, especially people on a fixed income.
Pets can be easy prey for coyotes.
Pets can be excellent companions for children.
Pets can be incontinent for many different reasons.
Pets can be just as nervous in a new place as people.
Pets can be just as vain as their masters.
Pets can be loyal, accessible companions through the early years into adolescence.
Pets can be so much fun.
Pets can be the cure to a variety of psychological problems as well as physical ones.
Pets can be the key to a long and healthy life.
Pets can be unpredictable in strange places or after a long car ride.
Pets Can be Valuable, particularly large dogs.
Pets can be very enjoyable for the entire family.
Pets can be very helpful in the healing process.
Pets can be very rewarding and loving.
Pets can be very sensitive to changes in environments and become petrified during storms.
Pets can be wonderful companions, especially for children, the elderly and disabled.
Pets can become allergic to protein in food, treats or table scraps.
Pets can become depressed over a separation.
Pets can become easily frightened in strange places and run off.
Pets can become frightened, run off and then become disoriented while in a strange place.
Pets can become just as confused and frightened by unusual activity and increased anxiety as humans.
Pets can become nervous when faced with an unfamiliar situation.
Pets can become particularly excited by children in the house.
Pets can become pregnant at a very young age.
Pets can besalmonella carriers.
Pets can break the barriers between humans.
Pets can brighten up a rainy day.
Pets can bring great pleasure to people and can even be good for human health.
Pets can bring joy to our lives.
Pets can bring pollen into the home.
Pets can carry and pass parasites to people.
Pets can carry parasites and pass parasites to people.
Pets can carry zoonotic infections, that is, infections that are shared by people and pets.
Pets can cause allergy and asthma problems.
Pets can cause problems for allergic patients in several ways.
Pets can cause problems to allergic patients in several ways.
Pets can cause problems.
Pets can cheer up their owners and save their sick minds from routine and stressful lives.
Pets can chew or swallow crepe paper, fake cobwebs, plastic spiders and cardboard wall hangings.
Pets can come also.
Pets can come and go without assistance, great for cat owners.
Pets can come from anywhere.
Pets can compete but still get along well for the most part.
Pets can contaminate areas with their dander.
Pets can contract rabies after having been bitten by an infected wild animal.
Pets can contribute to longevity.
Pets can definitely improve ones mental attitude as well.
Pets can develop back problems just like people do.
Pets can develop behavioural problems which can be distressing.
Pets can develop skin rashes and sores when faced with black mold in their living quarters.
Pets can disrupt feeding, nesting, and mating activities of wildlife.
Pets can easily get into conflicts with a wide range of wildlife.
Pets can either burn themselves or knock a heat source over and put the entire household in danger.
Pets can even be stolen-particularly birds and exotic or purebred animals.
Pets can get along together.
Pets can get frostbite.
Pets can get ill from some things that are used in the house.
Pets can get into some very strange and small places.
Pets can get rabies by interacting with other animals that are infected.
Pets can get seasick, just as humans do.
Pets can get sugar diabetes just like people.
Pets can go long distances, especially if picked up by someone in a car.
Pets can greatly benefit from the use of herbal remedies.
Pets can harm wildlife, and reduce viewing opportunities.
Pets can have a mind of their own.
Pets can have positive effects on residents of long-term care facilities.
Pets can have reaction.
Pets can have serious reaction.
Pets can have up to three growth stages.
Pets can help a sick person feel psychologically and even physically better.
Pets can help because they can cheer people up.
Pets can help ease the stress of caregivers.
Pets can help fill the void of loneliness.
Pets can help people with a variety of mental, emotional and physical disabilities.
Pets can knock over a let pumpkin and cause a fire.
Pets can lose muscle mass, and gaining weight is common due to reduced activity levels.
Pets can make a big difference in a single woman's life.
Pets can make it difficult to view wildlife.
Pets can make psychotherapy progress faster.
Pets can meet emotional needs of children and others for love and affection.
Pets can move quickly and can run out into busy streets within seconds.
Pets can no longer walk down the cellar stairs into the void.
Pets can now benefit from the huge investment made in human pharmaceutical research.
Pets can now get chipped.
Pets can now live longer healthier lives with the fantastic new pet foods available.
Pets can offer companionship, affection, topics for conversation and opportunities for reminiscing.
Pets can often have violent allegic reactions, and some pets actually get sick enough to die.
Pets can pass ticks along to the rest of the family.
Pets can play an important role during a child's early years.
Pets can provide children with companionship, responsibility, comfort and a lot of fun.
Pets can provide companionship and joy.
Pets can provide emotional support at a time when it is most needed.
Pets can provide kids with many life lessons.
Pets can provide significant benefits for families.
Pets can really bring people together.
Pets can reduce feelings of stress in humans.
Pets can relax to music from the stereo along with their heated beds.
Pets can run and romp with their peers or just find a place in the shade to nap.
Pets can t tell their owners when they don t feel good.
Pets can take Chinese herbs while taking any Western medication.
Pets can teach kids responsibility and empathy, and provide love and companionship.
Pets can tear up into lots of soft bedding.
Pets can travel long distances.
Pets can urinate and defecate while in the wheelchair.
Pets can walk on it without shoes.
Pets carry bacteria.
Pets carry harmful organisms.
Pets carry organisms.
Pets catch fleas.
Pets catch infect fleas.
Pets cause behavior problems.
Pets cause problems.
Pets certainly do become part of our lives, as much as friends and family.
Pets chase away loneliness and boredom and give residents something to nurture.
Pets clearly can enhance the presidential image.
Pets Click on a product below for more information or to place an order.
Pets Click on the links below for more Pets info.
Pets Click on the list title to open the data card.
Pets come by for visits every week and kids come weekly for visits and recitals.
Pets come in all sizes.
Pets come in many different shapes and sizes and can bring tremendous happiness to ones life.
Pets consume a lot salt when cleaning their feet.
Pets continuously do promotional work for Penthouse .
Pets cost money.
Pets create an opportunity for meaningful interactions and emotional relationships.
Pets decrease feelings of loneliness and increase feelings of intimacy and constancy.
Pets demonstrate a deep love for one another just as people do.
Pets depend on people for daily affection and attention.
Pets depend on people for daily attention and affection.
Pets deserve a good home - for their entire life.
Pets deserve as much respect as humans do.
Pets deserve respect and dignity.
Pets die every year as a result of airline negligence.
Pets digest food.
Pets distracting the driver are an extreme hazard.
Pets do amazing things.
Pets do carry fleas back from the beach.
Pets do require certain nutrients.
Pets do respond to dominance.
Pets do the funniest things.
Pets do well on similar nutrition as humans.
Pets drink stand water.
Pets drink water.
Pets easily adapt to tent trailer camping, too.
Pets eat food.
Pets eat high quality food.
Pets eat raw food.
Pets eating plant material can also be a cause for concern.
Pets enhance our lives in many ways.
Pets enjoy a world of black and white.
Pets Enjoy Their Lives.
Pets enrich our lives like nothing else.
Pets escape from a backyard, house, or vehicle.
Pets even contribute to the development of self esteem.
Pets exhibit abnormal behavior.
Pets exhibit behavior.
Pets exhibit other abnormal behavior.
Pets exhibit strange behavior.
Pets experience most of the same eye conditions as humans.
Pets experience uncontrollable itching and hair loss.
Pets experiencing anxiety can lose their appetites.
Pets explore environments.
Pets face certain death.
Pets face death.
Pets feel less. .
PETS find a new best friend.
Pets Find information here about different domesticated pets and animals.
Pets find it a comfortable place to lounge too.
Pets frighten wildlife and disturb hikers.
Pets fulfill many needs for humans.
Pets fulfill many of the same support functions as humans for adults and children.
Pets gain unhealthy weight.
Pets gain weight from a combination of being fed too much and receiving too little exercise.
Pets gain weight.
Pets generally adapt well to blindness and remain happy, especially in a safe, familiar environment.
Pets generally travel better on an empty stomach.
Pets generally welcome.
Pets generate a feeling of well-being, a feeling of being loved.
Pets generate body heat from calories produced by food.
Pets get allergies too.
Pets get car sick too, so try to plan short trips with frequent stops.
Pets get food.
Pets get hungry, lonely, bored, etc.
Pets get necessary nutrients.
Pets get nutrients.
Pets get people talking, and involved in their environment.
Pets get rabies from wildlife.
Pets get tapeworms by eating an intermediate host like a mouse or flea.
Pets Get the greatest magazines at discount prices.
Pets give children the chance to feel needed and to take care of another living thing.
Pets give people pleasure and can quickly gain their affection.
Pets go in and out without assistance.
Pets harass the wildlife.
Pets hate snakes.
Pets hate the smell and are more likely to stay away.
Pets have (part) brains.
Pets have (part) cell membranes.
Pets have (part) cells.
Pets have (part) corpi.
Pets have (part) cytoplasm.
Pets have (part) ears.
Pets have (part) faces.
Pets have (part) heads.
Pets have (part) nuclei.
Pets have (part) plasma membranes.
Pets have (part) sections.
Pets have (part) skulls.
Pets have (part) vacuoles.
Pets have a doggie beach for Frisbee tossing, etc.
Pets have a lot of love to give, so give some back.
Pets have a talent for getting underfoot.
Pets have a totally different status in Mexico.
Pets have appetite.
Pets have breathe problems.
Pets have cell phones.
Pets have clean water.
Pets have coats.
Pets have conditions.
Pets have diagnoses.
Pets have diets.
Pets have few options.
Pets have good appetite.
Pets have great values.
Pets have health problems too .
Pets have health problems.
Pets have health.
Pets have kidney problems.
Pets have little chance of living out a full active life if they aren t getting proper nutrition.
Pets have medical conditions.
Pets have needs such as feeding, watering, and exercising.
Pets have options.
Pets have other common eye problems.
Pets have places.
Pets have problems.
Pets have pulses.
Pets have short attention spans.
Pets have sides.
Pets have so much to give their human companions.
Pets have specific problems.
Pets have tendencies.
Pets have the right to good nutrition.
Pets have the right to regular exercise.
Pets have their own forms of communication.
Pets have their own special divided eating dishes.
Pets have values.
Pets have water.
Pets have Web pages too.
Pets hear soft instrumental music blended with pleasant nature sounds.
Pets help children feel secure in other ways.
Pets help encourage acting responsible toward other beings.
Pets help in the reduction of stress by improving the pet owner's psychological well being.
Pets help parents teach children responsibility.
Pets help people be more sociable.
Pets help smokers quit.
Pets help teach children responsibility.
Pets help to ease loss.
Pets hit hard by cold winter .
Pets include dogs.
Pets indeed fill our lives with happiness and selfless love.
Pets infested with fleas are painfully annoyed, and scratch and bite themselves almost constantly.
Pets inflicting a wound are subject to quarantine and examination by a Veterinarian.
Pets ingest poisonous substances.
Pets ingest substances.
Pets instinctively seek the comforting bionorth energy of magnetic products.
Pets is a dietary resource for dogs and cats dedicated to proper pet nutrition.
Pets is a free resource for pet owners and animal lovers.
Pets Keep dogs and outside or out of the way.
Pets kept in humane shelters generally have intestinal worms.
Pets lament their lost capability to reproduce.
Pets lead to increased levels of social contact which in turn accounts for reductions in loneliness.
Pets learn to obey their young masters which helps children learn to respect authority.
Pets left alone for too long can get bored and become destructive.
Pets left in hot cars can suffer heat prostration in a very short time.
Pets left unattended are easy victims for thieves who make money from trading animals.
Pets like to drink out of everything and forget their water bowl.
Pets listen very well.
Pets live in neighborhoods.
Pets live in our homes and share our environment humans.
Pets live longer and certain health issues are eliminated or decreased.
Pets live longer when their owners use preventative measures to protect their pets.
Pets live over years.
Pets lose it and go nuts.
Pets love the sweet taste and smell of antifreeze.
Pets love the sweet-tasting chemical and it's poisonous if consumed.
Pets love to be inside, warm and cozy with the rest of the family.
Pets love tuna, beef and caramel apple flavorings.
Pets make a wonderful keepsake pillow as well.
Pets make approp.
Pets make excellent birthing companions.
Pets make great traveling partners.
Pets make people feel good.
Pets make people feel needed.
Pets make wonderful companions for seniors.
Pets may have effects.
Pets may have positive effects.
Pets meet our needs in ways no other living things can.
Pets might have allergies.
Pets might have food allergies.
Pets Missing in Action - Created to help lost dogs, cats and other pets find their way home.
Pets move legs.
Pets naturally guard their food, their babies, and their toys.
Pets need air.
Pets need diets.
Pets need fat diets.
Pets need fluid.
Pets need food.
Pets need fresh air.
Pets need healthy food.
Pets need high fat diets.
Pets need homes.
Pets need intravenous fluid.
Pets need lower protein diets.
Pets need protein diets.
Pets need vary diets.
Pets never do.
Pets obey their owner s requests since they rely on their owner s care in order to survive.
Pets observe every change in a household, and are bound to notice the absence of a companion.
Pets occasionally escape from their owners.
Pets occupy an important place in more than half of the U.S. households.
Pets offer a therapeutic and non-threatening strategy to reduce stress.
Pets offer amazing unconditional love and support.
Pets offer companionship, emotional intimacy, and feelings of well-being to their caretakers.
Pets offer dependable love and affection.
Pets offer unconditional love, and they're always there to listen.
Pets open mouths.
Pets ought to stay near their homes.
Pets owned by singles and especially the elderly keep loneliness at bay.
Pets permit their owners to be themselves so they can risk self-disclosure and form attachments.
Pets permitted, conditions apply.
Pets pick up on owners' dazed bewilderment Every smart Is eased in telling.
Pets play a major role in American life.
Pets play an important role in our lives all year round.
Pets possess energy.
Pets prefer to give birth in the quiet alone.
Pets produce antibodies.
Pets promote the health and happiness of millions of people.
Pets provide a common bond for family members.
Pets provide companionship and emotional support.
Pets provide companionship that is a form of intimacy.
Pets provide companionship, exercise and reduce stress.
Pets provide companionship, happiness, unconditional love, safety and are a great source of joy.
Pets provide companionship, joy, unconditional love, a sense of safety, and often a service.
Pets provide companionship, security and a sense of comfort.
Pets provide companionship.
Pets provide company, protection and even entertainment.
Pets provide continuity.
Pets provide endless entertainment.
Pets provide health benefits in several other ways.
Pets provide many great benefits to human beings.
Pets provide many psychological boosts, especially to people in difficult circumstances.
Pets provide much more than comfort.
Pets provide owners with a sense of fulfillment and nurturing.
Pets provide physical contact and affection.
Pets provide relief from stress and loneliness through their unconditional loyalty and love.
Pets provide security, socialization, and unconditional affection.
Pets provide so much enjoyment and entertainment.
Pets provide social interaction.
Pets provide their owners with unconditional love and loyalty.
Pets provide valuable emotional support and unconditional love.
Pets provides health care guides for dogs and cats .
Pets Provides reviews and articles on pets.
Pets quickly train themselves.
Pets react differently to drugs under different circumstances.
Pets react differently to many plants.
Pets readily recognize fear, anxiety, hostility and frustration from their owners.
Pets receive a free physical examination when being brought in for spaying or neutering.
Pets reduce the stress in their lives because they give their owners unconditional love.
Pets relax and calm.
Pets rely on humans for everything, from kibble to casket.
Pets rely on kidneys.
Pets remain in their own familiar environment.
Pets remain on the lower half of the house.
Pets require a different pH than humans.
Pets require a good health certificate, a rabies certificate and an import permit.
Pets require a lot of care, but they bring a lot of happiness to their family.
Pets require additional charges.
Pets require adequate shelter during the cold weather.
Pets require annual veterinary visits, food, litter, pet supplies, etc.
Pets require approval.
Pets require attention.
Pets require attention.
Pets require constant care and attention.
Pets require diets.
Pets require food, water, exercise, grooming care and companionship every day of their life.
Pets require food.
Pets require health and vaccination certificates.
Pets require maintenance.
Pets require management.
Pets require permission of landlord and additional deposit.
Pets require pre-approval by owner.
Pets require pre-approval.
Pets require private vehicle service.
Pets require regular health care.
Pets require stimulation.
Pets require tests.
Pets require time, attention, and money for proper care.
Pets require varying degrees of upkeep.
Pets respond to natural medicine in different ways.
Pets respond very well to strong verbal commands and positive reinforcement.
Pets resume normal activity within a day or two.
Pets Review a particular product profile by selecting it from the list below.
Pets running at large are more likely to be exposed to rabies.
Pets running loose and chasing wildlife are an ongoing problem.
Pets See what's new in Pets.
Pets seek shelter.
Pets seem to be drawn in by the sounds of insects scrabbling around nests within the caves.
Pets seem to be especially important for people who are ill.
Pets seem to be just another status symbol today - they are there for looks.
Pets seem to have a built-in vet sensor.
Pets shed a lot in the summer here.
Pets show and give unconditional love.
Pets spend more time outdoors with pet parents during summer months.
Pets spend most of their time resting.
Pets stay for the same reasons plus a ready supply of food and a warm and safe bed.
Pets stay free.
Pets stay up for adoption as long as they remain physically and emotionally healthy.
Pets stimulate exercise.
Pets suffer brain injury and death if oxygen is cut off for only a few minutes.
Pets suffer from ailment.
Pets suffer from exhaustion just as humans do.
Pets suffer from moving stress.
Pets suffer from same ailment.
Pets suffer from sore joints and arthritis, too.
Pets suffering from flea bites can develop dermatitis, or inflammation of the skin.
Pets suffering from flea bites scratch themselves incessantly.
Pets take their medicine.
Pets tend to drink more water while traveling, so be sure to have plenty available.
Pets tend to respond more quickly than people to nutrient supplements.
Pets tend to respond very well to natural forms of medication.
Pets too are welcome, at no extra charge for one dog or cat.
Pets too can provide an abundance of positive energy.
Pets transmit illnesses.
Pets travel free of charge in specially designated quarters.
Pets traveling in the cabin are exempt.
Pets Traveling with pets requires extra planning and attention to detail.
Pets traveling with their owners stay complimentary.
Pets turn up at shelters weeks, and sometimes months, after they've been lost.
Pets visit homes.
Pets Wash all pet bedding thoroughly or throw itaway.
Pets wear collars.
Pets welcome .
Pets Welcome .
Pets welcome at discretion of the manager.
Pets Welcome at no charge.
Pets welcome at some locations.
Pets welcome by appointment.
Pets welcome by arrangement if kept under strict control.
Pets welcome by arrangement, other than during summer school holidays.
Pets welcome by arrangement.
Pets welcome by inquire.
Pets welcome by prior arrangement.
Pets welcome by special arrangement.
Pets welcome during off seasons or mid-week upon approval.
Pets welcome for a small nightly fee.
Pets welcome for nominal daily rate.
Pets welcome for small fee.
Pets welcome free of charge.
Pets welcome if leashed or penned.
Pets welcome if safe with sheep.
Pets welcome in cabins only.
Pets welcome in cabins.
Pets welcome in selected cabins.
Pets welcome in some rooms, Please call ahead.
Pets welcome in some.
Pets welcome in specific units.
Pets welcome no charge.
Pets welcome occasionally upon request.
Pets welcome on a leash.
Pets welcome on a limited basis.
Pets welcome on leash.
Pets welcome on request.
Pets welcome sometimes.
Pets welcome to stay in barn.
Pets welcome too.
Pets welcome upon prior approval.
Pets welcome with additional deposit.
Pets welcome with advance booking.
Pets welcome with advance reservations.
Pets welcome with advanced reservation.
Pets welcome with an additional charge.
Pets welcome with fee.
Pets Welcome with fee.
Pets welcome with notice.
Pets welcome with permission.
Pets welcome with prior approval, at no extra charge.
Pets welcome with prior approval.
Pets welcome with prior arrangement.
Pets welcome with restrictions.
Pets welcome with special arrangements.
Pets welcome, facilities for horses.
Pets welcome, family oriented.
Pets welcome, fishing available.
Pets welcome, if safe with sheep.
Pets welcome, laundry on site.
Pets welcome, leash required.
Pets welcome, no club, bar or pool.
Pets welcome, no handicapped facilities available, restaurant adjacent.
Pets welcome, no pet deposit.
Pets welcome, open all year.
Pets welcome, pool, indoor whirlpool and sauna, across from fast food.
Pets welcome, pool, next to restaurant.
Pets welcome, pull throughs.
Pets welcome, smoking on verandah or sundeck.
Pets always have time for sharing with their owners and their loyalty is indisputable.
Pets always steal the show.
Pets always welcome for small fee.
Pets always welcome.
Pets Always Welcome.
Pets frequently become very nervous when traveling and can suffer motion sickness as well.
Pets often become frightened and hide during an emergency, and sometimes become lost, or trapped.
Pets often become lost.
Pets often cause damage.
Pets often complicate the marketing of a home.
Pets often defecate into childrens sand boxes, which transfers the eggs into the sand.
Pets often experience dry skin during the winter months.
Pets often get into trouble because they have a strong urge to chew, especially when they are young.
Pets often guard their food, their babies, and their toys.
Pets often have litters at inconvenient times and in unusual places.
Pets often have their litters in the middle of the night or in a place of their own choosing.
Pets often have to wait hours for their owners to return from work.
Pets often inspire moments of carefree abandon.
Pets often reflect a mirror back to our diet, weight, and fitness level.
Pets often return to familiar areas.
Pets often sleep excessively during the first few days in the new home.
Pets often threaten small wildlife.
Pets sometimes evacuate themselves, by bolting.
Pets sometimes travel long distances to return to an old home.
All pets adopted are eligible for a free veterinary examination.
All pets are eligible.
All Pets Are Funny - funny pet pictures.
All pets are ok.
All pets are shampooed with quality products and conditioners.
All pets are special.
All pets are to be kept on a leash at all times.
All pets are to be kept on leash at all times.
All pets are to be on least or in a carrying cage.
All pets are to be walked outside the perimeter of the park.
All pets are unique.
All pets are welcome - from scaly to furry.
All pets are welcome, but the event is planned for dogs.
All pets are welcome.
All pets benefit from a thorough physical exam, regardless of health.
All pets benefit with 'filtered' water whether in the city or in the country.
All pets can benefit from healthy diets and proper nutritional supplementation.
All pets can benefit from improved nutrition, which helps reduce disease and improve overall health.
All pets can benefit from improved nutrition.
All pets carry germs, but some carry more than others.
All Pets Come talk about fish, birds, small animals, reptiles, barnyard animals, and exotics.
All pets deserve to be loved and have a good home.
All pets enjoy an occasional treat.
All pets experience mild pain and discomfort after surgery.
All Pets Find out about pet care on Calling All Pets after seven.
All pets get their rabies vaccinations before adoption.
All pets have bad breath occasionally.
All pets have individual records.
All pets have occasional accidents.
All pets have the right to receive fresh water and a complete and balanced diet each day.
All pets have their current vaccinations and are spayed or neutered if of age.
All pets love to play.
All pets receive a halloween treat.
All pets receive an intitial vaccination and deworming.
All pets require a certain level of commitment.
All pets require a nutritionally balanced diet.
All pets require and deserve a lifetime commitment from their caretakers.
All pets require and deserve daily attention.
All pets require shade outside.
All pets require the basic food and shelter.
All pets require the certificate of vaccinations recommended by their veterinarians.
All pets require training and work to become the best companions.
All Pets shown are for sale.
All pets welcome, daily care, vacation care, and house sitting provided.
All pets welcome.
Any pet arriving with fleas or ticks is dipped upon admission.
Any pet can suffer from heat stress.
Any pet can suffer heat stress, dogs, cats, birds, horses, rabbits, etc.
Any pet deserves appropriate veterinarian treatment if illness arises.
Any pet is a special pet.
Any pet requires responsible ownership.
Every pet adds a little more responsibility.
Every pet belongs to somebody.
Every pet deserves a loving home.
Every pet deserves access to high-quality food.
Every pet deserves to enjoy life.
Every pet has a history, no matter how young or how old.
Every pet has the potential to roam or run away, especially when disaster strikes.
Every pet has unique needs and therefore requires a different degree of care.
Every pet needs a source of 'live' food to feel good.
Every pet receives the same return policy on all standard designs regardless of weight or breed.
Many pet feeds sold in pet shops are unacceptable because of low protein content.
Many pets actually begin to beg for their herbs.
Many pets appreciate a wading pool in a shady place.
Many pets are allergic to fleas.
Many pets are also natural comedians and cause much mirth with their antics.
Many pets are apprehensive of the sail's large undulating motion and slapping sound.
Many pets are extremely allergic to bee stings.
Many pets are found weeks or months after they disappear.
Many pets are fun to have.
Many pets are on a certain feed or brand of feed for their entire life.
Many pets are turned in to shelters because the children have lost interest.
Many pets arrive at the shelter with fleas, ear mites, worms and other parasites.
Many pets become sad, bored, or even destructive at home by themselves day after day.
Many pets can be mis-described and never identified by the owner over the phone.
Many pets can beat the heat by taking a swim or merely standing in a plastic pool.
Many pets can carry infectious diseases, e.g. iguanas and turtles can spread salmonella.
Many pets chew on plants in the yard and garden.
Many pets come up missing each springtime.
Many pets develop some form of joint disease during their lives.
Many pets drown each year in backyard swimming pools, especially puppies and kittens.
Many pets end up at shelters and are destroyed.
Many pets live for years.
Many pets live together and copulate regularly for years.
Many pets naturally drink less as they age, which can lead to dehydration.
Many pets offer unconditional and dependable love and affection.
Many pets require a certain type of care.
Many pets return home or are brought to the Shelter months after they became lost.
Many pets suffer from allergies.
Many pets suffer from skin allergies.
More pets die each year as a result of being lost than from all diseases combined.
Most pets accept BG tests as routine, especially when food regularly follows.
Most pets accept brushing if they are approached in a gentle manner.
Most pets adapt quickly to riding.
Most pets adapt to environments.
Most pets adapt to the collar very well.
Most pets adjust better to their owners absence when pets are left in their familiar surroundings.
Most pets also require a great deal of care.
Most pets are able to go home the same day.
Most pets are at minimal risk for problems associated with general anesthesia.
Most pets are easy to work with.
Most pets are initially uncertain about having someone poking around in their mouth.
Most pets are like children to the owners.
Most pets are located at homes.
Most pets are member of families.
Most pets are safe to own.
Most pets are territorial.
Most pets are too messy.
Most pets are virtually back to normal the following day.
Most pets are welcome.
Most pets attract allergen.
Most pets become adjusted to travel with frequent travel opportunities.
Most pets become lost at least once during their lifetime.
Most pets can go home once they are willing to eat and drink again.
Most pets can have reaction.
Most pets can have serious reaction.
Most pets carry bacteria.
Most pets carry harmful organisms.
Most pets carry organisms.
Most pets catch infect fleas.
Most pets cause behavior problems.
Most pets cause problems.
Most pets communicate with their owners in many different ways.
Most pets decrease their scratching rapidly after the first injection.
Most pets die without treatment.
Most pets do just fine.
Most pets drink stand water.
Most pets drink water.
Most pets eat food.
Most pets eat high quality food.
Most pets eat raw food.
Most pets exhibit abnormal behavior.
Most pets exhibit other abnormal behavior.
Most pets exhibit strange behavior.
Most pets explore environments.
Most pets face certain death.
Most pets face death.
Most pets find it fascinating to look into the water.
Most pets gain unhealthy weight.
Most pets gain weight.
Most pets get food.
Most pets get necessary nutrients.
Most pets get nutrients.
Most pets go home the same day surgery is performed.
Most pets go home the same day.
Most pets hate snakes.
Most pets have a natural instinct to kill the squirrel.
Most pets have breathe problems.
Most pets have clean water.
Most pets have coats.
Most pets have conditions.
Most pets have diagnoses.
Most pets have diets.
Most pets have few options.
Most pets have firmer stools when their diet is mostly comprised of raw meat, fat, and bones.
Most pets have good appetite.
Most pets have great values.
Most pets have health problems.
Most pets have health.
Most pets have kidney problems.
Most pets have little physical or social means to get back into balance.
Most pets have medical conditions.
Most pets have options.
Most pets have places.
Most pets have problems.
Most pets have pulses.
Most pets have sharp teeth and can chew into a tube within seconds.
Most pets have sides.
Most pets have specific problems.
Most pets have tendencies.
Most pets have values.
Most pets have water.
Most pets ingest poisonous substances.
Most pets learn quickly with love and attention.
Most pets like to be held and cuddled.
Most pets live in neighborhoods.
Most pets live over years.
Most pets move legs.
Most pets possess energy.
Most pets prefer to avoid eliminating in areas where they eat or play.
Most pets produce antibodies.
Most pets recover fairly quickly once treatment is started.
Most pets rely on kidneys.
Most pets require attention.
Most pets require diets.
Most pets require food.
Most pets require less than two days to learn how to use a pet door.
Most pets require little encouragement as they have been without water for several hours.
Most pets require maintenance.
Most pets require management.
Most pets require stimulation.
Most pets require tests.
Most pets respond in three or four treatments, and stabilize in eight to ten.
Most pets seek shelter.
Most pets suffer from ailment.
Most pets suffer from same ailment.
Most pets suffer from something called separation anxiety.
Most pets take to having something placed in their mouth if started at an early age.
Most pets transmit illnesses.
Most pets visit homes.
Most pets wear collars.
Most pets welcome.
Some pets absorb toxins.
Some pets actually gain total body mass from excessive fat storage.
Some pets actually produce some white froth coughed out of the lungs.
Some pets also can become sensitive to changes in the water they drink.
Some pets are able to interact peacefully with each other with no problems.
Some pets are allergic to flea saliva.
Some pets are attacked by coyotes.
Some pets are bitten by rattlesnakes.
Some pets are dogs.
Some pets are finicky about their chews.
Some pets are good at masking the signs of a flea infestation.
Some pets are in foster homes and available to meet by appointment only.
Some pets are just harder to photograph than others.
Some pets are just so wonderful they deserve to be remembered forever.
Some pets are more expensive to maintain than others.
Some pets are more sociable than others.
Some pets are more tolerant than others.
Some pets are much more expensive than others.
Some pets are okay.
Some Pets are shy in discussing their bodies or facial beauty.
Some pets are welcome.
Some pets are, well, a bit yucky .
Some pets avoid contact.
Some pets become family members.
Some pets become family.
Some pets become food.
Some pets become members.
Some pets become more anxious when a tranquilizer begins to take effect.
Some pets benefit from articles.
Some pets benefit from free articles.
Some pets benefit from informative articles.
Some pets can be expensive.
Some pets can cause a problem with motion detectors.
Some pets can cope well with loss of vision, or hearing, or some kinds of orthopedic problems.
Some pets can tolerate a little milk, others, none at all.
Some pets come into contact.
Some pets come into our lives and quietly go.
Some pets contain proteins.
Some pets descend from wallabies.
Some pets deserve a big send-off.
Some pets deserve a little more respect than others.
Some pets die of diseases.
Some pets die of heart diseases.
Some pets do laboratory tests.
Some pets do tests.
Some pets do well and like to go.
Some pets do well on special diets and supplemental digestive enzymes.
Some pets eat animals.
Some pets eat insects.
Some pets eat plants.
Some pets eat poisonous plants.
Some pets eat prey.
Some pets eat rats.
Some pets eat small prey.
Some pets eat toads.
Some pets enjoy the noises, people and excitement of the holidays.
Some pets enter rooms.
Some pets escape owners.
Some pets even become lethargic as their mouths become more painful.
Some pets even have their own home page.
Some pets exhibit symptoms.
Some pets explore places.
Some pets get carsick, and vets can prescribe travel-sickness medicine.
Some pets get fearful when they hear a man's voice.
Some pets go into shocks.
Some pets hate mammals.
Some pets hate rubbish.
Some pets have a very poor timekeeping.
Some pets have abnormalities.
Some pets have adverse reactions to changes.
Some pets have cancer.
Some pets have emergencies.
Some pets have fleas.
Some pets have hay.
Some pets have infection.
Some pets have kittens.
Some pets have quality.
Some pets have respiratory infection.
Some pets have sorts.
Some pets have stories.
Some pets have surgery.
Some pets have the ability to force the opponent's pet to swap out of battle.
Some pets kill roadrunners.
Some pets know how to sit still on command.
Some pets like to be brushed, others just like to be petted or hugged, avoid active or rough play.
Some pets live in cages.
Some pets live in small cages.
Some pets look for homes.
Some pets love lots of attention and affection, getting petted all of the time and fussed over.
Some pets love to lay in a certain area of the room or near a specific piece of furniture.
Some pets love visitors and behave very well.
Some pets possess parasites.
Some pets provide services, too.
Some pets receive blows.
Some pets receive severe blows.
Some pets receive vitamins.
Some pets refuse diets.
Some pets rely on cord.
Some pets rely on umbilical cord.
Some pets require professional grooming several times a year.
Some pets require several more treatments for a full cure.
Some pets require treatments.
Some pets respond to health blend formulas, enzyme preparations, and barley grass supplementation.
Some pets respond well to complementary therapies as the sole treatment.
Some pets seem genuinely to hate being boarded.
Some pets seem to require re-regulation frequently.
Some pets show areas.
Some pets simply have a longer anticipated life span than others.
Some pets sleep on beds.
Some pets suffer effects.
Some pets suffer from conditions.
Some pets suffer severe effects.
Some pets suffering from separation anxiety are destructive.
Some pets sustain brain stem injuries.
Some pets swim in water.
Some pets test positive for worms without showing any outward symptoms at all.
Some pets tolerate the discomfort better than others and never demonstrate lameness.
Some pets travel a long way before they are picked up.
Some pets travel best in a carrier, others want to travel loose.
Some pets travel better while tranquilized.
Some pets undergo chemotherapy.
Some pets welcome - please ask.
Some pets welcome with prior approval.
Some pets welcome.
Petal blight affects only the flower portion of the plant.
Petal blight can be a problem in rainy and very humid weather.
Petal blight causes spots on the petals.
Petal blight is a disease that hits some rhododendrons and azaleas that bloom later in the spring.
Petal blight is a spore-borne disease that spreads rapidly.
Petal blight is caused by an airborne fungus which over-winters on the spent flowers.
Petal blight is more severe in cool, moist springs.
Petal color is a character.
Petal color ranges from violet to white, sometimes pinkish.
Petal edges are finely crimped and slightly recurved.
Petal edges are lacy and very attractive.
Petal edges carry both a darker and lighter purple edge and are lightly ruffled.
Petal edges show a variety of ruffling from loops, to fringes to serrations and flutes.
Petal fall is a crucial timing for a wide range of pests of apples.
Petal fall is still a good time to control overwintering larvae.
Petal fall is when all of the petals have fallen off of the blossoms.
Petal length is dependent on a rose cultivars ancestry.
Petal length is x.
Petal lobes are wide and voluptuously curved.
Petal margins entire.
Petal shapes range from pointy to rounded to linear.
Petal tips flare and tuck.
Petal width is represented by the angle of the glyph.
A petal is a leaf
Petal isa foliage.
Petal isa leaf.
Petals act to attract pollinators to the plant.
Petals arch, while the sepals are slightly recurved.
Petals are absent.
Petals are almost always thinner than foliage, and they wilt more readily when moisture stressed.
Most reports come on deposit and are in microfiche.
Most reports concentrate, however, on men of advanced age.
Most reports contain a table of contents or index.
Most Reports contain attendance statistics.
Most reports depict a long neck surging from the water with a small head of a unknown creature.
Most reports describe limited therapeutic benefit.
Most reports fall somewhere in between.
Most reports favor a bill s passage, although a bill can be reported without recommendation.
Most reports favor a bill's passage although a bill can be reported without recommendation.
Most reports focus on well-known human rights violators such as Iran, Iraq and China.
Most reports have abstracts on-line.
Most reports have at least one error.
Most reports have informative tables of statistics.
Most reports have more than one audience.
Most reports have several options available to provide as much flexibility as possible.
Most reports have the option to include photographs.
Most reports indicate no complications.
Most reports indicate subterranean nests.
Most reports indicate that the bacteria situation has been fairly quiet over the last two weeks.
Most reports indicate using mayfly or caddis nymph patterns.
Most reports indicates a reduction in strength with a reduction of phosphorus in the deposit.
Most reports only give table and depth percentages.
Most reports point out a precise sex and age distribution and seasonal variations.
Most reports provide a critical nutrient range.
Most reports require an analysis of the error in the final values obtained.
Most reports result from earnings announcements or mergers or acquisitions.
Most reports say it is innocuous.
Most reports say that the majority of auctions are legitimate.
Most reports say the quake felt long and rumbling.
Most reports show a failure to penetrate daily practice in an integrated manner.
Most reports show no evidence of radiant heat from the balls, even at close range.
Most reports show that brain injury occurs twice as often among males compared with females.
Most reports speak of minimal morbidity following aortopexy.
Most reports spend more time talking about the problem than about solutions.
Most reports statewide have it still on the lower leaves and static.
Most reports suggest between two to four glasses per day is ideal.
Most reports suggest the top of the canopy .
Most reports take a few minutes to download.
Some report having a hard time eating, others can never adjust to sleeping during the day.
Some report rabbis making extensive inquiry into potential women converts' romantic histories.
Some reports address other considerations as well, as the following sections describe.
Some reports allow users to specify the levels at which they want to access data.
Some reports also add a surfactant to the mix.
Some reports also analyze use by offense, gender, region, and concurrent use of other drugs.
Some reports appear first in Hebrew and are subsequently translated into English.
Some reports appear monthly, other quarterly or annually.
Some reports appear suspicious.
Some reports appear under both headings.
Some reports are available as compressed postscript files.
Some reports are available by ftp.
Some reports are available for download.
Some reports are available for purchase.
Some reports are available free on line.
Some reports are available free online.
Some reports are available full-text online.
Some reports are available full-text.
Some reports are available in complete electronic versions.
Some reports are available in full text on the Internet.
Some reports are available in full, while others can be ordered.
Some reports are available in full-text, others as abstracts only .
Some reports are available in paper copy as well.
Some reports are available in pdf-format.
Some reports are available on line .
Some reports are available online in HTML format.
Some reports are available on-line.
Some reports are available to download as pdf f iles.
Some reports are better informed than others, but the gee-whiz quotient is still high as all hell.
Some reports are country specific, while others are global in scope.
Some reports are due on an annual or quarterly basis while others are due monthly.
Some reports are enthusiastic about the use of long-term estrogen therapy.
Some reports are free and some require a fee.
Some reports are full-text.
Some reports are in paper, but many are on microfiche.
Some reports are in Spanish.
Some reports are interesting and others completely ridiculous.
Some reports are more comprehensive than others.
Some reports are more than three years past due.
Some reports are no longer available.
Some reports are now available, below.
Some reports are only available as part of an on-going subscription service.
Some reports are part of an information series.
Some reports are proprietary and expensive, but it's worth a call to ask.
Some reports are quite brief and only contain a limited amount of information.
Some reports are semi standard.
Some reports are several years old.
Some reports are specific to one commodity or issue.
Some reports are technical, and local forecasts are several links into the site.
Some reports are unique to a program.
Some reports arrive late, when there are already a considerable number of cases.
Some reports claim animal deaths that mostly involve cats.
Some reports claim only one survivor.
Some reports claim that as many as one half of crack users are addicted.
Some reports claim that it was made up of almost twenty four thousand men.
Some reports claim the robbery was only a setup.
Some reports connect the rise of drug abuse with the civil warfare in Lebanon in the eighties.
Some reports contain detailed maps and occasional photographs.
Some reports describe accumulation of a compound called beta amyloid.
Some reports do require registration, but that seems a small price to pay.
Some reports estimate the number killed to be thirty or more.
Some reports exist on the favorable effects of blueberries on eyesight.
Some reports follow.
Some reports have a maximum order number of two at a time per request screen.
Some reports have appendices.
Some reports have as few as four or five people included in the percentages.
Some reports have different formatting from the original.
Some reports have more than one report number assigned.
Some reports have that it is wrapped in a fur coat.
Some reports have the planet cooling very slightly.
Some reports have the wing vibration earlier in the procedure .
Some reports have the wing vibration earlier in the procedure.
Some reports highlighting their work in various countries are available.
Some reports indicate four hostages died in the operation.
Some reports indicate one unit is laid up in reserve.
Some reports indicate that bryophytes make the soil more amenable to colonization by other plants.
Some reports indicate that Cheetahs can be easily tamed and kept as good pets.
Some reports indicate that genes can be transferred from the roots of plants to soil microorganisms.
Some reports indicate that it can also climb trees.
Some reports indicate that it is equal or possibly superior to griseofulvin in achieving a cure.
Some reports indicate that massive infestations can kill animals.
Some reports indicate that microwave links can be more reliable than leased data lines.
Some reports indicate that the fungal mass reaches as much as two feet.
Some reports indicate that the group is based outside of the district.
Some reports indicate the mealybug has been found in the soil.
Some reports indicate there are two chicks.
Some reports lack data on the exact time or place of occurrence.
Some reports lag as much as six months.
Some reports note a different number of braking motor outlets in the base of the capsule.
Some reports note it in passing, others describe single incidents.
Some reports offer sorts within sorts.
Some reports offer the results of surveys or interviews.
Some reports predict widespread power outages at the beginning of the year.
Some Reports provide training curriculums and lesson plans.
Some reports require a subscription, but much is free.
Some reports require even more development.
Some reports require references at the end.
Some reports say authorities have resorted to what amounts to press-ganging.
Some reports say Brunei is almost broke.
Some reports say hundreds of thousands of children have died due to the sanctions.
Some reports say it seems to work well.
Some reports say it was hit by a missile from a terrorist group.
Some reports say prisoners who refuse to sing the national anthem have been badly beaten.
Some reports say tear gas was used in an effort to push back fans, but the police deny it was fired.
Some reports say that as many as four people have, in fact, died from similar falls.
Some reports say that Israel wants even more.
Some reports say that melatonin is the most powerful anti-oxidant of all.
Some reports say that only the non-USB version of the cards seem to have the problem.
Some reports say that the chasing car belonged to tribesmen.
Some reports say the celebration is more like a carnival than a religious occasion.
Some reports say the jug of Whiskey has a cake of lye in it.
Some reports say the men are being herded into camps, stadiums and even being used as human shields.
Some reports say the military retaliated brutally to the killings.
Some reports say the plane was on fire before it crashed.
Some reports say the show was broadcast on televison.
Some reports say the trouble was sparked by the arrest of a local man by police two days ago.
Some reports say yes, others no.
Some reports show bioflavonoids are useful in enhancing the antioxidant action of certain nutrients.
Some reports show that gerd is the third most common cause of a chronic cough in children.
Some reports show the tail feathers as brown instead of red.
Some reports speak of connection problems involving USB modems.
Some reports stick with historic, bureaucratic or political angles.
Some reports suggest drug-drug interactions associated with ginseng.
Some reports suggest high iron levels can lead to a greater risk of heart disease.
Some reports suggest hundreds have been erased.
Some reports suggest that eight out of ten patients are happy with the result of cosmetic surgery.
Some reports suggest that ginkgo biloba lowers blood sugar levels.
Some reports suggest that military commanders have paid police officers to find new recruits.
Some reports suggest that the situation is the same in the military also.
Some reports suggest that there are searches beyond the laws' requirements.
Some reports suggest the men want permission to fly on to Afghanistan.
Some reports summarize conference proceedings.
Some reports support the use of writing groups for encouraging revision.
Some reports take longer than others.
Reportable payments are generally subject to tax withholding.
A reportage is news
Reportage is driven by the idea of breakthroughs or miracle cures.
A reporter is a communicator
Reporter asks subject of political rumor a question about rumor in press conference.
Reporter automates the web indexing of regression results generated by the regress tool.
Reporter can generate a list of current users and evaluate peak usage times.
Reporter can operate in a variety of network configurations.
Reporter comes pre-loaded with many Canadian provincial and federal forms.
Reporter constructs with low background activity utilizing the cat gene.
Reporter fights against all odds, triumphs, justice prevails.
Reporter Find two letters from Civil War soldiers.
Reporter instantly alerts the customer when any problem is encountered.
Reporter is an excellent presentation tool for technical and non-technical management alike.
Reporter is password protected and allows supervisors to review students' progress and performance.
Reporter isa individual.
Reporter isa person.
Reporter isa somebody.
Reporter isa someone.
Reporter looks for leads on psych.
Reporter loves the site's eclectic mix of things to buy and deep background on design.
Reporter points out that bulb needs to be changed.
Reporter presents orally after the writing process is complete.
Reporter racks up honors.
Reporter refers to a chapter officer who prepared activity reports on the intranet.
Reporter refers to sex, murder and violence in news stories.
Reporter seeks leads from experts familiar with the industry.
Reporter Shares the ideas and work of the group with the class.
Reporter shows aggressiveness in investigation.
Reporter speaks out on Seattle newspaper strike .
Reporters also describe the personality and appearance of women more frequently than men.
Reporters also generate their own story ideas.
Reporters also have personal relationships with their subjects which taints their objectivity.
Reporters also know that some politicians exploit police-community tensions.
Reporters also pass along a few names from the guest list.
Reporters also report how state, national and international stories hit home in the Hudson Valley.
Reporters also say they notice more obvious surveillance.
Reporters also see the car and recognize it as the car belonging to the Masked Racer.
Reporters also shoot and edit stories.
Reporters alway use quotes from the newsmakers to add an authorative voice to their reports.
Reporters answer questions from students and then post the questions and responses on the Web site.
Reporters answer the questions deftly, in a clear, uncomplicated manner.
Reporters appear and bosses in every department are in a flood of flashlights in the meeting room.
Reporters appreciate courtesy.
Reporters appreciate information that adds to the story and leads to further questions.
Reporters are a different, unique breed of writer.
Reporters are a heck of a lot more aggressive getting information, names, dates, terminology.
Reporters are a newspaper's front-line eyes and ears.
Reporters are able to demand and receive higher page rates.
Reporters are addicted to good quotes.
Reporters are all over the place.
Reporters are almost always under tight deadlines.
Reporters are also welcome to cover the colloquium itself.
Reporters are always in the wrong.
Reporters are always interested in good story ideas.
Reporters are always on the prowl for hot tips so become a background source.
Reporters are always welcome and to be invited.
Reporters are assholes.
Reporters are back in the parking lot before the sun rises, doing live shots in the blue dawn.
Reporters are busy and won t travel far for an event.
Reporters are busy people.
Reporters are busy.
Reporters are capable of cover stories.
Reporters are communicators.
Reporters are correct to sense that something is wrong with the campaign-finance system.
Reporters are essentially the megaphone for our message to the community.
Reporters are everywhere, waiting to go live, picking their teeth, checking their makeup.
Reporters are free to be dummies.
Reporters are good observers.
Reporters are human beings, too, and they respond negatively when they aren t treated well.
Reporters are human, they have a job to do and they do it the best way they can.
Reporters are human.
Reporters are in denial.
Reporters are independent, while military men are team players.
Reporters are interested in community events and screenings that are timely.
Reporters are interested in original material.
Reporters are kvetchers as a matter of profession and storytellers by nature.
Reporters are like alligators . . .
Reporters are like gerbils.
Reporters are more cynical than ever.
Reporters are more effective at defending the Japanese homeland than the military.
Reporters are more likely to call people they know and trust for information.
Reporters are more likely to cover a story if they've had personal contact with the source.
Reporters are more than verbal photographers.
Reporters are much more skeptical than ever before.
Reporters are no different.
Reporters are notorious for writing holiday stories two weeks prior to the event.
Reporters are now specialists.
Reporters are often bad at handling such stories, and editors are worse.
Reporters are often on the look out for new stories and sources from which to collect quotes.
Reporters are often unconsciously satirical.
Reporters are often under deadline pressure.
Reporters are often very informed about their community.
Reporters are on constant deadlines.
Reporters are particularly interested in data and statistics.
Reporters are people, too.
Reporters are people.
Reporters are professionals, doing an important and difficult job.
Reporters are quick to cover their marches, street wars, and protests.
Reporters are responsible for insuring that they can be reached via answering machine, pager, etc.
Reporters are right to pledge never to hide such a serious matter from the public.
Reporters are storytellers.
Reporters are suspicious of the motives of their editors.
Reporters are terrible here.
Reporters are the link between scientists and the public.
Reporters are the ones who do the telling.
Reporters are the victims of the arrogance of their bosses and the media groups.
Reporters are thrilled, especially since some awards come with big money.
Reporters are tired of seeing the same old kinds of stories.
Reporters are tired of seeing the same, old kinds of stories.
Reporters are too popular a target.
Reporters are trained observers.
Reporters are trained to refrain from sounding self-authoritative.
Reporters are two representatives from each homeroom in grades kindergarten through eighth grade.
Reporters are under a great deal of pressure to meet news deadlines and produce quality stories.
Reporters are usually on tight deadlines.
Reporters are very busy and sometimes do several interviews a day.
Reporters are very insensible.
Reporters are very interested in facts.
Reporters are welcome to attend all or part of the conference.
Reporters are welcome to attend and cover the event.
Reporters are welcome to attend any of the public sessions.
Reporters are welcome to attend any of the sessions.
Reporters are welcome to attend any or all sessions of the conference.
Reporters are welcome to attend the conference.
Reporters are welcome to attend the first class session.
Reporters are welcome to attend the hearing.
Reporters are welcome to attend the meeting.
Reporters are welcome to attend the program.
Reporters are welcome to attend the reception.
Reporters are welcome to attend under the same restrictions governing regular faculty meetings.
Reporters are welcome to attend.
Reporters are welcome to come and try out some of the experiments themselves.
Reporters are welcome to come into the church.
Reporters are welcome to cover Rowan's dinner speech.
Reporters are welcome to cover the event.
Reporters are welcome to join the entire tour or meet the group at selected stops.
Reporters are welcome to listen to the call.
Reporters are welcome to sit in.
Reporters are welcome, but are asked to refrain from asking questions during the lecture.
Reporters are welcome.
Reporters are where cases are published when the court that heard the case wrote an opinion.
Reporters are writers who the world feeds.
Reporters are writers.
Reporters are wrong.
Reporters are, after all, self-styled watchdogs.
Reporters arrive, get their messages, finish their breakfast with coffee and gear up for the day.
Reporters ask a presidential candidate about drug use.
Reporters ask questions, and people give answers.
Reporters assume the responsibility of reporting accurately, ethically, and sensitively.
Reporters attempt to protect sources.
Reporters attend our meetings to bring their audiences up to date with important developments.
Reporters barge into the lobby, microphones thrust like lances into the faces of startled employees.
Reporters build expertise over time .
Reporters call for a guide through statistical thickets.
Reporters call, fishing for perspective on a complex topic.
Reporters calling companies encounter voice mail and unknowledgeable junior staffers.
Reporters calling on stories get more and more grief from more and more flacks.
Reporters can access rundowns and file longer stories from laptops hooked up to wireless modems.
Reporters can also remain anonymous if they choose.
Reporters can also view relevant source documents.
Reporters can also view schedules and get maps to job locations from the Internet.
Reporters can ask individuals questions after the event if they want more information.
Reporters can be a real pain sometimes.
Reporters can be on prisoners mail, phone or visitation lists.
Reporters can be relentless.
Reporters can cover the event from balcony seats to the immediate right of the stage.
Reporters can develop a cozy relationship with their sources and come to share a similar outlook.
Reporters can dictate stories from wherever they are, quickly and accurately.
Reporters can do that for one another.
Reporters can edit the recording using buttons on the recorder.
Reporters can enter news articles through the web interface.
Reporters can even help trim their own copy - and see on the screen if it fits.
Reporters can find ideas by looking at what other media are doing.
Reporters can find missing kids, lost grandmothers, and misplaced corpses.
Reporters can follow up and interview some of the people who have posted their experiences online.
Reporters can gather information, cartoonists can create comics, a humor editor can put in jokes.
Reporters can get a jump on filing their stories.
Reporters can get their work done during the day as needed.
Reporters can operate on a bi-media basis reporting an event for both radio and television.
Reporters can participate via telephone conference.
Reporters can provide useful information and offer an otherwise-missing perspective.
Reporters can register at the meeting.
Reporters can register for access to embargoed articles.
Reporters can sign up to receive press releases by email.
Reporters can still trail police officers on the beat.
Reporters can submit a query to the database on any topic.
Reporters can tap into a wealth of knowledge.
Reporters can track a judge's net worth over a period of years.
Reporters can use the background information to flesh out their stories and perhaps create new ones.
Reporters can wind up with only egg on their faces, but a newspaper's credibility is on the line.
Reporters choose it when the direct quote has minor flaws that interfere with clarity.
Reporters claim evidence suggests otherwise.
Reporters claim to unbiased and objective.
Reporters come across a man in the jungle selling green ceramic bowls.
Reporters come and go.
Reporters come up with their own topics, compare their judgment calls with the rest of the staff.
Reporters commonly become agents of the rhetoric of abortion defenders.
Reporters complain among themselves, as do copy editors.
Reporters consider themselves mirrors of society.
Reporters contribute to articles.
Reporters contribute to stories.
Reporters converge finally wanting a story.
Reporters count on commissions they get for each government ad they bring in.
Reporters cover a story as long as it is still news.
Reporters cover all-candidates meetings and interview candidates.
Reporters cover events regularly on their campus and local area outside campus.
Reporters cover fields.
Reporters cover news.
Reporters cover school events and write articles in regional newspapers.
Reporters cover stories.
Reporters criticize projects as expensive showpieces for a new China that doesn t really exist.
Reporters cry alone after the story is filed .
Reporters definitely earn every dime they get.
Reporters develop their own style of source maintenance.
Reporters didn t have enough time to fill the extra space sold by the ad department.
Reporters didn t question the statement.
Reporters do it daily.
Reporters do it for the sensation it causes.
Reporters do often correct candidates factual errors or misrepresentations.
Reporters do respond to readers, viewers and listeners.
Reporters do that.
Reporters do the same dumb, or brilliant things.
Reporters don t get enough praise for work well done.
Reporters don t have a crystal ball, of course.
Reporters don t headline fund-raisers for political parties.
Reporters don t headline fundraisers for political parties.
Reporters don t like to keep writing about the same people or quoting the same sources.
Reporters don t seem to last long here, either.
Reporters dread checking a great quote with a source for fear of the source's backing away from it.
Reporters drift away.
Reporters eat it up.
Reporters eat up such frank talk.
Reporters encourage sources to go on the record, but sometimes they refuse.
Reporters end up with a paper trail full of information and few pictures to go with it.
Reporters enjoy great protection when they cover public officials.
Reporters everywhere complain about the dearth of good story editors.
Reporters everywhere take on an awesome responsibility when they write a story.
Reporters expect organizations to be timely, immediately responding to questions.
Reporters expect to be well known.
Reporters fall into the same trap.
Reporters fear being accused of rumor mongering and fanning the flames.
Reporters file constant live dispatches from outside the candidates' residences.
Reporters fill in with updates from their fields of responsibility.
Reporters fish for context.
Reporters flail about for explanations.
Reporters flock to where things have already happened.
Reporters gather and report news on campus.
Reporters gather information and write stories.
Reporters gather the news locally and editors assist by checking facts, grammar and style.
Reporters generally like to talk about their stories to gauge interest before they begin writing.
Reporters generally present the information that they are given.
Reporters get a gold star for being under the bombs in their designer suits.
Reporters get bored with the debate and move on to other issues.
Reporters get hundreds of press releases each day.
Reporters get in a rut, thinking that one person represents a group.
Reporters get sick.
Reporters get the message.
Reporters get their stories from friends in government and other countries' newsmedia personnel.
Reporters get to say and do whatever they wish.
Reporters give attention.
Reporters give full attention.
Reporters give informative reports about school activities, historical and national events.
Reporters gravitate toward future-oriented trend stories.
Reporters guide to published polls.
Reporters hate running into someone from their own publication while chasing a story.
Reporters have (part) arms.
Reporters have (part) body substances.
Reporters have (part) cell membranes.
Reporters have (part) cells.
Reporters have (part) corpi.
Reporters have (part) cytoplasm.
Reporters have (part) heads.
Reporters have (part) human bodies.
Reporters have (part) legs.
Reporters have (part) material bodies.
Reporters have (part) necks.
Reporters have (part) nuclei.
Reporters have (part) personality.
Reporters have (part) plasma membranes.
Reporters have (part) sections.
Reporters have (part) vacuoles.
Reporters have a duty to report the news, but they also have to have some fun once in a while.
Reporters have a legal right to gather information for publication.
Reporters have a nasty habit of bringing a shotgun and bottle of tequila to every interview.
Reporters have a responsibility to report the news as accurately and objectively as possible.
Reporters have a responsibility to their country and their readers.
Reporters have a whole different meaning sometimes.
Reporters have agendas.
Reporters have all the fun.
Reporters have an obligation to do their best to be as objective as possible.
Reporters have cell phones and a lot of dedicated lines and receivers for two-ways.
Reporters have certain rights in covering stories.
Reporters have constant deadlines and often work long, unusual hours.
Reporters have deadlines to meet.
Reporters have deadlines.
Reporters have degrees.
Reporters have different theories to write one word or phrase.
Reporters have information.
Reporters have job-autonomy.
Reporters have just as much right to their posts as the 'owners' of the river.
Reporters have less time, fewer resources, and the stories and issues are more complex than ever.
Reporters have little autonomy, and seemingly even less independent initiative.
Reporters have little control over work schedules.
Reporters have no guarantee of anonymity for their sources.
Reporters have no interest in facts, they just report the Democratic party line.
Reporters have no secretaries, they answer their own phones, and they do their own typing.
Reporters have no shame.
Reporters have opinions and attitudes about subjects and issues.
Reporters have the legal right to seek an interview with any employee.
Reporters have their own agenda.
Reporters have to assign importance to all the details.
Reporters have to be attentive to detail, able to work on deadline and find their own work.
Reporters have to be generalists by their very nature, and are heavily reliant on their sources.
Reporters have to be handled and well.
Reporters have to be on the scene to let the reader see and hear the event.
Reporters have to be put in places to retain that adrenaline of their younger years.
Reporters have to be up on changing legal terminology, as well as terms from other disciplines.
Reporters have to change the way they do business on the Net.
Reporters have to fill specific spaces and sometimes have to cut off an inch or two.
Reporters have to know what's going on to do their job properly.
Reporters have to really find a good story to report.
Reporters have to stay out of the way in a breaking event.
Reporters have too much work to do, and they have to do it on deadline.
Reporters have very little time to browse through a lot of unimportant materials.
Reporters help Hadden by ordering a special graphic or animation a couple of weeks before they edit.
Reporters help to spread the word in such cases.
Reporters hound the pair.
Reporters hurry past, keeping pace with the carriage.
Reporters interpret body language and report it as news.
Reporters interview Japanese people and translate it into Tagalog.
Reporters interview other reporters.
Reporters interviewing reporters suggests that they are the experts and has little newsworthy value.
Reporters join in, often seeking sources and background material.
Reporters just tell it how they see it, when they see it.
Reporters keep all options open as sources of news.
Reporters keep editors informed and editors keep reporters informed.
Reporters keep lists of stories they'd like to do.
Reporters know editors.
Reporters know how to tell a good story.
Reporters know it's wrong to interject their feelings into a news story.
Reporters know that coverage gives status and credibility to their subjects.
Reporters know that when there's an aviation accident, there is no central source for information.
Reporters know their own weakness.
Reporters know they can usually count on the ambush to make the target of their story look bad.
Reporters like to ask about how the whale tasted.
Reporters like to attribute information to reliable sources.
Reporters like to cover activists who are passionate about issues and look good on-camera.
Reporters like to envision themselves as champions of the public.
Reporters like to have more than one person to interview.
Reporters like to hear anecdotes - they make their storytelling easier.
Reporters like to personalize their stories.
Reporters like to picture themselves as independent thinkers.
Reporters like to report on challenges that are overcome, as well as cost and conflict.
Reporters like to ski.
Reporters like to work with sound bites, particularly radio.
Reporters listen to desk editors and the assigning desk listens to copy editors.
Reporters live in countries.
Reporters live in other countries.
Reporters live on deadlines.
Reporters live under the tyranny of the clock.
Reporters locate interview sources, both people and data, on the Internet.
Reporters look for conflict because conflict is news.
Reporters look to a set of news values to help determine the newsworthiness of events.
Reporters looking for in-depth analysis of government spending, check out our Publications .
Reporters lose their jobs for that.
Reporters love that phrase and search for it in every story.
Reporters love the clear quotes.
Reporters love to catch politicians spinning their way out of binds.
Reporters love to elevate whatever they're assigned to write about.
Reporters love to wax poetic about the weather.
Reporters make a religion of protecting sources.
Reporters make and break politicians.
Reporters make decisions in the ways they report on stories.
Reporters make their own travel arrangements and hotel reservations in New Zealand and Chile.
Reporters meet once a week, usually during language class, to write, edit, and type articles.
Reporters meet with editors for writing directions.
Reporters meet with the parent volunteers once each week during lunch.
Reporters mostly cite international media stories and produce very little original material.
Reporters naturally squirm when cast in the role of ethicists.
Reporters never have enough hours in the workday.
Reporters never seem to ask the right questions.
Reporters now have their names and telephone numbers.
Reporters now work when news is happening on their beats.
Reporters now write short versions of their stories.
Reporters overreact to and over-cover anything that makes someone look bad.
Reporters perch like vultures on the balconies of hotels for a hundred miles around.
Reporters perpetuate the problem by turning to the same tired sources again and again.
Reporters play an important role in our society.
Reporters present a short synopsis of the problem and proposed actions.
Reporters pride themselves on being tough enough to get to the truth of a matter.
Reporters pride themselves on their skepticism.
Reporters privately say they have less time to thoroughly probe local stories.
Reporters promise confidentiality to sources and they're very serious about that.
Reporters promise confidentiality to sources, and they are very serious about that.
Reporters provide descriptions.
Reporters provide information.
Reporters Read about our reporters and the neighbourhoods they are focusing on.
Reporters really do want to do a good job.
Reporters recap election day events.
Reporters receive copies.
Reporters receive hundreds of press releases per day and many are discarded after a brief glance.
Reporters receive many story ideas each day.
Reporters record a quick overview on voicemail, and the web producer posts the story within minutes.
Reporters rely on their network of community sources.
Reporters report urgent stories, urgently.
Reporters represent the public's right to know and they attempt to be as objective as they can.
Reporters respond on behalf of the group.
Reporters romanticize New Hampshire for a reason.
Reporters routinely cover wars and expose themselves to the same dangers combatants face.
Reporters routinely pry into the most intimate details of the lives of public figures.
Reporters rush to interview psychologists, politicians and law enforcement.
Reporters rush to phone their editors with the news.
Reporters sans frontieres .
Reporters say the government misuses the laws to stifle dissenting views.
Reporters say there have been generations of hatred between the two, which is totally wrong.
Reporters see the dead.
Reporters seek personal accounts of how an issue affects people.
Reporters seem to favor budget discipline when the issue is cutting taxes.
Reporters seem to realize they have much to be modest about.
Reporters set up camp outside the family compound on Nantucket Sound.
Reporters share information with the entire class.
Reporters share photos.
Reporters share their results.
Reporters show pictures of property damage and talk about the number of people injured.
Reporters show up to note each execution.
Reporters simply stop suggesting story ideas that always get summarily rejected.
Reporters sit across from each other at long picnic tables strewn with phones and power jacks.
Reporters sit at long tables in a classroom and file their stories.
Reporters sit in coach.
Reporters sit in on cabinet to generate stories and proposals.
Reporters sit or stand around, mostly waiting.
Reporters specialize in ignorance.
Reporters spend time on the set absorbing everything.
Reporters start as idealists determined to clean up city hall .
Reporters start leaving the media tent.
Reporters stick with the story until the controversy is over, then depart for the next ruckus.
Reporters strive to be fair and just in coverage of an issue.
Reporters supply detailed information on each commitment on an ongoing basis.
Reporters swarm at the edge of the police line.
Reporters swarm the site after newspaper stories appear.
Reporters switch on their cellular telephones in Beijing and broadcast live.
Reporters take assignments.
Reporters take lots of notes.
Reporters take pictures.
Reporters talk about pass completions, interceptions, and incomplete passes.
Reporters team up to tap out an on-line newspaper.
Reporters tend to be cynical critters, steering clear of commitments to causes of any kind.
Reporters tend to be easily side-tracked.
Reporters tend to be young and receive little guidance.
Reporters tend to lose interest, time and energy.
Reporters then can call up the stories on computer at their desks.
Reporters there say it s easier than running down the street to the library.
Reporters think it's because editors spend so much time in meetings, and they' re partially right.
Reporters think that anyone who has a disability has to therefore be courageous.
Reporters to obtain credit.
Reporters to pay attention.
Reporters try to get around that.
Reporters try to inform and entertain readers with interesting, unique and newsworthy stories.
Reporters turn in finished stories at the length planned for printing.
Reporters type their stories on computer terminals.
Reporters use digital recorders.
Reporters use email messages in a variety of ways.
Reporters use it to send in their stories from remote locations.
Reporters use machines.
Reporters use nouns and verbs as blunt utilitarian instruments.
Reporters use recorders.
Reporters use various techniques to check on their material.
Reporters vie to detect and promote the next trend.
Reporters wear out carpets waiting for the next story to jump into their notebooks.
Reporters Welcome back to yet another edition of Hawk Talk.
Reporters wishing to receive copies of our press releases, please register here .
Reporters work a minimum of one weekend day per month and some holidays.
Reporters work against tight deadlines.
Reporters work both indoors and outdoors, dealing with all kinds of people.
Reporters work for major television networks or for private agencies.
Reporters work for only one master.
Reporters work in an area above the damaged gym.
Reporters work ten-minute shifts in the chamber and then immediately transcribe their notes.
Reporters work under constant pressure preparing packages and meeting regular deadlines.
Reporters work under tight time and space limitations.
Reporters work well with copy desk.
Reporters work with facts.
Reporters working for morning papers usually work from late afternoon until midnight.
Reporters write about what happens when the verdict is reached.
Reporters write for a variety of purposes.
Reporters write stories.
Reporters write their stories on computerterminals tied into a central computer network.
Reporters write their stories, which are then edited by copy editors.
Reporters always disclose conflicts.
Reporters always learn more when working on a story than they can share with readers.
Reporters always prepare for an interview.
Reporters always use quotes from the newsmakers to add an authoritative voice to their reports.
Reporters frequently provide positive comments about the link.
Reporters often are spoon-fed by prosecutors or, less often, by defense attorneys.
Reporters often ask leading questions because they are fishing for information.
Reporters often ask questions in a hostile manner.
Reporters often cover a huge variety of issues.
Reporters often frame their questions to bring out the conflict in a story.
Reporters often have degrees in journalism, mass communications, English or education.
Reporters often rely heavily on background materials to compose a story.
Reporters often struggle for access to database information.
Reporters often tap the grapevine.
Reporters often think they know the answers before they've asked the questions.
Reporters sometimes cover isolated incidents or single-example stories.
Reporters usually call their own shots.
Reporters usually get assignments from their editor.
Reporters usually grin, and bear it.
Reporters usually return to the office to write copy on a computer.
All reporters are immune from civil liability and all information is confidential.
All reporters are immune from civil liability if they act in good faith and without malice.
All reporters are immune from civil or criminal liability if they make a report in good faith.
All reporters are trying to do is answer all the questions.
All reporters are ultimately responsible to an editor .
All reporters attend general financial training courses.
All reporters desire concise answers that are interesting and catchy.
All reporters entering Iraq are required to obtain a visa from the Iraqi government.
All reporters have an assigning editor as a supervisor.
All reporters have that glimmer of hope that they can get the CEO to talk.
All reporters love exclusives, but many of the panelists stated that it is awkward to ask for one.
Every reporter has an unfinished novel in the drawer.
Every reporter respects companies that make an honest effort to communicate during difficult times.
Every reporter seems to be instructed to ask every public official if another one is on the way.
Many reporters also forget that in a two-person race, the margin of error applies to each candidate.
Many reporters apparently are unable to sift the important facts from the data they are supplied.
Many reporters are adept at gathering facts but are unable to interpret properly what they gather.
Many reporters are interested in the organizing or activist themes.
Many reporters choose to work only four days a week, while others choose more creative hours.
Many reporters continue to comment about dead trees they see during their travels.
Many reporters enter information or write stories on the scene using portable computers.
Many reporters expect to be spoon-fed stories from the desk.
Many reporters go from one story to another without much thought to the people involved.
Many reporters have associate s degrees or higher levels of formal education.
Many reporters have trouble writing second halves of stories.
Many reporters know little about religion.
Many reporters operate as spokespeople for particular political views, rather than as journalists.
Many reporters spend little to no time in an office.
Many reporters still see videotape as a threat to their livelihood.
Many reporters subscribe for news with a tech angle.
Many reporters transcribe at home, allowing reporters even more flexibility.
Many reporters understand higher education no better than the other subjects they cover.
Many reporters work closely with each new crew of top government officials.
Many reporters write news easily, but struggle with features.
More reporters fit in that one.
Most reporters appreciate any tips to enhance a story.
Most reporters are big-government liberals, as every survey on the subject has confirmed.
Most reporters are fair and conscientious.
Most reporters are generalists who are required to cover a variety of subject matter.
Most reporters are generalists.
Most reporters are interested in a story.
Most reporters are journalists rather than medical experts.
Most reporters are part of the communities they cover.
Most reporters are the nicest people in the world.
Most reporters contribute to articles.
Most reporters contribute to stories.
Most reporters cover fields.
Most reporters cover news.
Most reporters cover stories.
Most reporters don t have substantive training on the issues.
Most reporters enjoy relationships with experts in the areas that they cover.
Most reporters file stories by computer modem, so a phone line is essential.
Most reporters give attention.
Most reporters give full attention.
Most reporters have cell phones.
Most reporters have degrees.
Most reporters have information.
Most reporters have little or no knowledge of distance running, let alone journey running.
Most reporters ignore campaign surrogates because they believe they know what they'll say.
Most reporters jealously protect their prerogatives to write the story as they see it.
Most reporters know editors.
Most reporters live in countries.
Most reporters live in other countries.
Most reporters provide descriptions.
Most reporters provide information.
Most reporters read a few words of the first sentence then either pitch it or investigate the story.
Most reporters receive copies.
Most reporters see a clear separation between professionalism and their love for the game.
Most reporters take assignments.
Most reporters take pictures.
Most reporters tell of being aware of a distant light beyond the tunnel and a noise of some kind.
Most reporters use digital recorders.
Most reporters use machines.
Most reporters use recorders.
Most reporters work under very tight deadlines.
Most reporters write stories.
Some reporters actually jog and talk about wellness.
Some reporters advance gain experience.
Some reporters advance gain more experience.
Some reporters advance gain more work experience.
Some reporters are confrontational.
Some reporters are just hell-bent on finding dark clouds in any positive news.
Some reporters are obsessive about every last little detail right.
Some reporters are responsible for covering specific areas or topics.
Some reporters assist in preparation.
Some reporters assist in trial preparation.
Some reporters believe it, and find compelling, worthwhile stories.
Some reporters can barely eke out a couple of thousand words over that time span.
Some reporters consider that lack of fluency a tool for psychological portraiture.
Some reporters couldn t decide whether it was supposed to be a shoulder or hand injury at first.
Some reporters face pressure.
Some reporters find rooms.
Some reporters get along with editors and accept changes and suggestions gracefully.
Some reporters have flexibility.
Some reporters help judges.
Some reporters investigate disappearances.
Some reporters investigate murder.
Some reporters knock on doors.
Some reporters learn about spiders.
Some reporters like to tape record the interview, primarily in the interest of accuracy.
Some reporters live in other countries and cover international news.
Some reporters make statements.
Some reporters offer products.
Some reporters only cover the legislature while others only cover science and health policy.
Some reporters open their own business after a few years' experience.
Some reporters pick up way too much.
Some reporters represent organizations.
Some reporters rise to the very top, by showing they can help cover up political assassinations.
Some reporters save the day when a set of fingerprints needed to solve a murder disappear.
Some reporters sleep in a different bed every night.
Some reporters speak to managers.
Some reporters speak to talent managers.
Some reporters specialize in science.
Some reporters still dictate notes on magnetic tapes that a typist can transcribe later.
Some reporters take on specific philanthropic causes.
Some reporters think stand-ups are unecessary.
Some reporters understand the mission.
Some reporters use different methods.
Some reporters use e-mail to find sources or leads, schedule interviews and check facts.
Some reporters use laptops for note-taking, and are able to do readbacks from accurate notes.
Some reporters use methods.
Some reporters work abroad by choice, yet many work right here in western Canada.
Some reporters work for newspapers.
Some reporters work in courts.
Repose period is the time interval between volcanic eruptions.
Repose is inactivity
Reposes work to improve the smooth flow of ideas and reorganizes work to make it more readable.
Reposition is deposition
Reposition objects by moving with mouse.
Reposition shadows anytime, completely independent of the shadowed object.
Reposition sinkers along the bottom edge and pin in place to avoid shifting.
Repositions file to beginning of data, as usual.
Repositions heel on heel seat to verify fit.
Repositioned products are existing products that are targeted at new markets or market segments.
Repositionings is placements.
Repository check is now 'slash-insensitive'.
Repository databases can be relational or object-oriented.
Repository data is updated in near real time.
Repository folders contain courseware.
Repository numbers are alphanumeric composed of two letters and five numbers.
Repository sites enable searching for key words and dates within fields or across full-text.
Repository tab is used only for viewing information.
A repository is a facility
Repositories also use a variety of date formats, making searching by date difficult.
Repositories are committed to preserving manuscript and archival mate.
Repositories are essentially network accessible servers offered by data providers.
Repositories are generally accessible to anyone.
Repositories are now write accessible from more than one repository manager.
Repositories are the technology to support users in search sessions across collections.
Repositories can help again.
Repositories can provide sophisticated methods for storing, browsing and examining components.
Repositories contain other important information as well as certificates.
Repositories help managing design artifacts by offering adequate storage and manipulation services.
Repositories increasingly seek revenue associated with the off-site use of collection surrogates.
Repositories play a major role in the thick adapter scenario.
Repositories play an important role in providing resources for basic science research.
Repositories prefer to accept materials through transfer of ownership.
Repositories provide a standard reference point for understanding data and processes.
Repositories provide users access to stored objects under some set of policies.
Repositories work completely transparently if the makefiles use only relative filenames .
Repository also has available in microfilm.
Repository includes one or more files, which consist from the rules for symbols reductions.
Repository is an administrative tool for capturing and managing XML data in a relational database.
Repository is liable for loss, when.
Repository is restrictable.
Repository is the accumulated data produced by scientists and citizen scientists.
Repository is the data management component that deals with the capture and transformation of data.
Repository lets a supply chain share design and manufacturing data about products.
All repositories are likely to hold some material useful for a study of women's history.
Many repositories also use the year of accession in their numbering system.
Many repositories are quite subject-specific.
Many repositories can only invest in one type of exhibit.
Many repositories catalog their manuscript holdings online.
Many repositories contribute copies of their manuscript cataloging to joint databases.
Many repositories have home pages .
Many repositories sell copy photographs outright.
More repositories are shortly to be added.
Most repositories accept donations of as little as a single item and as large as dozens of boxes.
Most repositories are non-profit organizations.
Most repositories are virtually inaccessible.
Most repositories inform researchers of special rules for using their resources.
Some repositories have more complete collections of certain documents than others do.
Some repositories impose prohibitive costs or limit the number of pages.
Some repositories maintain files of estate addresses pertinent to the manuscripts they house.
Some repositories recycle materials both in the country and to developing countries.
Repossessed mobiles represent the best value in todays pre-owned mobile home market.
Most repossessed vehicles are in good condition.
A repossession is recovery
Repossession has a mystical and nostalgic appeal for many claimants who are Cuban exiles.
Repossessions are recovery.
Repossessions can be a dangerous and humiliating experience.
Repossessions Look no further.
Represent business needs to development and support teams.
Represent customer needs at support meetings where resources are allocated.
Represent students needs to faculty and administration.
Represent vector quantities on neat, accurate scale diagrams.
Representation theory continues of fundamental importance in mathematics and other sciences.
Representation theory is a powerful way of studying groups using linear algebra.
Representation theory is the study of how symmetry is expressed, especially through matrices.
Representation theory studies the ways in which a group acts on vector spaces.
A representation is content
Representation also includes students, alumni and a representative from the community.
Representation also reflects geographical diversity.
Representation comes from all regions of the state and from all sizes and types of school divisions.
Representation consists of either services or indemnity or both.
Representation continues with additional acquisitions.
Representation covers growers, exporters, government and the co-operative insdustry.
Representation creates an additional insertion in the British text.
Representation creates meaning through signifying practices.
Representation depends on exclusion .
Representation depends on resistance.
Representation gives labor no exercise and no opportunities to develop.
Representation has nothing to do with who pays the fee.
Representation includes all aspects of site acquisition, leasing, and development.
Representation includes business, education, environmental and government fields.
Representation includes carrying out the wishes of the group.
Representation includes contract negotiations and financial planning.
Representation includes faculty, administration, and students.
Representation includes jury and bench trial and appeals.
Representation includes many of the South's largest corporations.
Representation involves a higher level of mediation than the direct management of corporeality.
Representation is a central issue in cognitive science.
Representation is a key issues in South African media.
Representation is a multiresolution representation.
Representation is a philosophically puzzling relation.
Representation is a replica, a reflection of that subject manner.
Representation is accurate and quite appropriate.
Representation is achieved through participation in key bodies.
Representation is across all five areas of the objective.
Representation is all.
Representation is always at our expense .
Representation is an oral or written statement given by the insured.
Representation is appointed on the basis of class membership.
Representation is apportioned according to the population.
Representation is assured at national conventions.
Representation is at a high level.
Representation is at the covered employee's expense.
Representation is available for administrative tribunals and arbitrations.
Representation is based on the geographic distribution of population in four zip code areas.
Representation is based on year and specific major.
Representation is central to the study of mathematics.
Representation is central to work on semiotics.
Representation is consistent with the schedule of classes.
Representation is critical in a real estate transaction because there is so much at stake.
Representation is determined by properties of the test and the purposes of the researcher.
Representation is essential for Hollywood script writers.
Representation is everything.
Representation is extremely important on the Web too.
Representation is formally on an institution basis.
Representation is from all sectors of the community.
Representation is from all U.S. and Canadian call areas, as well as foreign countries.
Representation is from as broad a geographical area as possible.
Representation is inherited by our cartesian, and abstract traditions in philosophy.
Representation is like language to children.
Representation is likely to be comprehensible to students.
Representation is made necessary only because it is impossible for the people to act collectively.
Representation is never reproduction .
Representation is of crucial political and cultural importance.
Representation is offered on either a contingency fee or hourly basis.
Representation is on a non-exclusive basis.
Representation is ongoing and services are provided as requested or required.
Representation is only powerful if it loops back into experience.
Representation is open to all supported agencies and is flexible.
Representation is particularly problematic for topics and groups of the margins.
Representation is pervasive in algebra.
Representation is probably the most misunderstood facet of home purchasing.
Representation is proportional according to membership in the state.
Representation is proportional based on the number of members.
Representation is proportional to departmental size.
Representation is proportional to membership.
Representation is provided across all constituencies.
Representation is provided at the trial and appellate level.
Representation is provided by at least three of the five areas of the objective.
Representation is provided for serious criminal charges, family matters and other civil proceedings.
Representation is provided through our legal staff and through our various private bar components.
Representation is provided when necessary.
Representation is reality.
Representation is representation of similarities or relational qualities.
Representation is representation of similarities.
Representation is representation of similarity .
Representation is said to be drawn from all clans in Somalia.
Representation is seen as a political reward.
Representation is significant from several to many, cultural and ethnic groups.
Representation is sophisticated, flexible, strong.
Representation is strongest from New York.
Representation is the conceptual core of an information system.
Representation is the essence of language.
Representation is the fundamental basis of our democratic-republican form of government.
Representation is the issue.
Representation is to be rotated among the tribes.
Representation is well balanced between engineering, management, and marketing personnel.
Representation is what makes human behavior uniquely flexible in the animal kingdom.
Representation is when a painting looks somewhat like an object or a scene.
Representation isa cognition.
Representation isa knowledge.
Representation matters a lot, for it influences the shape of our future.
Representation means elections, and alternation supposes non-violent change of government.
Representation merely says that the body and blood are only represented by the bread and wine.
Representation precedes the political.
Representation produces meaning.
Representation refers to the consistent visual language that supports that architecture.
Representation requires loyalty.
Representation requires the children to use different kinds of descriptive languages.
Representation takes on a variety of benefit forms.
Representation uses a small group of people.
Representations also impose further modifications.
Representations are activities.
Representations are always culturally and contextually specific.
Representations are always in motion, and so conclusion or closure is never warranted.
Representations are bodies.
Representations are content.
Representations are cooperation.
Representations are creations.
Representations are rights.
Representations are statements.
Representations are states.
Representations are ubiquitous in the middle-grades mathematics curriculum proposed here.
Representations are visual, verbal, symbolic or a combination.
Representations can be clear images, material reproductions, performances and simulations.
Representations can become reality, but reality can become representations either.
Representations can help students organize their thinking.
Representations colonize the mind and the imagination.
Representations made by persons to the contrary constitutes an offense under the securities laws.
Representations make mathematical ideas more concrete and available for reflection.
Representations rely on a traditional notion of memory that is linguistic and historical.
Representations work in a number of major regions of country, which has high industrial potential.
Representations often add new, implementation-specific operations.
Representation usually includes several faculty, administrators, students, staff and alumni.
All representation is distorted.
All representations are case insensitive.
All representations associate.
All representations use rectangles aligned with the axis.
Most representations are of early morning or sunset.
Some representations are very concrete, like using objects to help see what is going on.
Some representations lend themselves to more efficient implementation than others.
Some representations makes Gemini into two women.
Some representations show distribution.
Representational art works Works that contain representations of real objects.
Representational balance is a sort of mid-point between the real and abstract.
Representational codes utilize more roundabout or indirect references.
Representational democracy is grounded in the principle of exclusion.
Representational elements serve as a conduit for experimenting with ideas and materials.
Representational evidence can give a general idea of the sound of Egyptian music.
Representational goals are ultimately unattainable.
Representational graphics share a physical resemblance with an object or concept.
Representative accountability tends to encourage contention.
Representative articles are available for view.
Representative bodies carry out church functions at local, regional and church wide levels.
Representative bodies carry out church functions at local, regional and churchwide levels.
Representative case reports.
Representative citation is sufficient where several authorities stand for the same proposition.
Representative composers are L onin and P rotin.
Representative democracy gives the majority a right to make decisions that apply to all.
Representative democracy is based on two major principles.
Representative democracy is based.
Representative democracy is democratic government.
Representative democracy is in crisis.
Representative democracy is on the ascendancy around the world.
Representative democracy is only ever second best to participatory democracy.
Representative democracy is such a joke.
Representative democracy is the best means of preserving individual liberty.
Representative democracy is to be used to decide upon the new organization.
Representative democracy requires leadership competition if system is to work B .
Representative districts are the final product of redistricting.
Representative documentation is identified below.
Representative example is available here.
Representative examples are very useful in presenting the contents of a collection.
Some representative examples are discussed below.
Representative government assumes the right of citizens to be heard.
Representative government depends on elected officials being responsible to their constituencies.
Representative government is a dicey proposition.
Representative government is a step away from pure, or direct, democracy.
Representative government is a two-way street.
Representative government is always in danger of embracing popular but wacky ideas.
Representative government is an important institution.
Representative government is essential to justice.
Representative government is far from democracy.
Representative government is party government.
Representative government is self-government.
Representative government is stagnant.
Representative government is such a basic concept.
Representative government is the only sure means of securing purity in administration.
Representative government presupposes an intelligent, efficient, and universal electorate.
Representative government works best when information is readily and easily accessible.
Representative government works better in communities with more social capital.
Representative governments trust their people.
Representative groups provide representation to the system wide governance bodies.
Representative holdings reside at numerous universities and medical libraries.
Representative matters reflect the diversity of our clients and cases.
Representative offices have more limited powers than branches or agencies.
Many representative offices prefer to stay long term in serviced office facilities.
Representative organisations can be slow to react.
Representative payee is a designation given by some pension and other benefits programs.
Representative payees are required by law to use benefits properly.
Representative photographs are shown.
Representative piece is the king.
Representative plagioclase analyses.
Representative points represent the points in the segregated small spaces.
Representative programs are for three or six months.
Representative publications follow.
Some representative publications follow below.
A representative sample is a sample
Representative samples are crucial in obtaining accurate size data.
Representative samples are even more critical for petiole testing than with soil testing.
Representative species are covered from marmosets through macaques.
Representative students interview and evaluate faculty candidates.
Representative systems are mainly about reconfirming the existing power hierarchy.
Representative tissue is frozen in bulk and stocked in formalin.
Representative tissue is frozen in bulk.
Representative topics appear below.
Representative topics are global warming, light pollution, water quality, biodiversity.
Representative videos are available on the site.
Representative views appear at right.
Representative work is displayed in their pages.
A representative is a communicator
Representative adheres to the schedule prepared by the supervisory staff.
Representative collects a commission on all sales in assigned territory.
Representative counts from three replicates are shown.
Representative is a full-function sales force automation application running on handheld devices.
Representative is a prominent member of institution s community.
Representative is the key word.
Representative isa individual.
Representative isa leader.
Representative isa person.
Representative isa somebody.
Representative isa someone.
Representative maintains acceptable attendance.
Representative meets with school or district administrator to present program overview.
Representative plays from standpoint of performance.
Representative sketches from each collection.
Representative speaks briefly on rise in International students next year.
Representative works for reading and discussion.
Representative works from all periods.
Representative works from comic and dramatic theater, philosophy, poetry, and the evolving novel.
Representative works from contrasting periods of music.
Representative works from major authors.
Representative works from the oldest records to the eighteenth century.
Representative works from various genres in their literary, historical, social background.
Representatives also arrange meetings and workshops throughout the year.
Representatives also attend an annual training meeting and report to a regional coordinator.
Representatives also attend an annual training workshop and report to the regional coordinator.
Representatives also attend committee meetings in order to put on programs.
Representatives also collect deposits.
Representatives also discuss the oddities, including how to file for items swept away by the storm.
Representatives also have the potential to advance by attracting and training new recruits.
Representatives also help with financial planning for things like college or retirement.
Representatives also share information regarding the logistics of arranging such performances.
Representatives answer questions and obtain updates for the special-needs population database.
Representatives answer students' questions about employment opportunities.
Representatives are a foothold for the power hungry to get control.
Representatives are a stone's throw away.
Representatives are also available to provide technical support and advice on a daily basis.
Representatives are also licensed insurance representatives.
Representatives are always available to answer questions and deal with special requests.
Representatives are always present at each monthly meeting.
Representatives are available after normal office hours and most holidays via pager.
Representatives are available for more information or a demonstration.
Representatives are available from all academic majors and support services.
Representatives are available in most parts of the world as shown on the map.
Representatives are available to answer account and repayment questions.
Representatives are available to answer questions or address concerns.
Representatives are aware their job depends on meeting the needs of their constituents.
Representatives are committed to the highest standards of academic and research integrity.
Representatives are courteous.
Representatives are eligible for re-election.
Representatives are eligible for retirement benefits after serving for five years.
Representatives are familiar with many different products in the same field, giving buyers a choice.
Representatives are found on land and in water.
Representatives are from new and emerging markets as well as long established trading partners.
Representatives are generally from environmental staff or management, but anyone is free to join.
Representatives are here to provide information about their companies and career fields.
Representatives are in addition to previously elected fifth grade officers.
Representatives are individuals or organizations that are committed to parenting education.
Representatives are knowledgeable .
Representatives are limited to serving up to two consecutive terms.
Representatives are more likely to be on committees that can benefit their constituents.
Representatives are negotiators.
Representatives are people.
Representatives are responsible for appointing an alternate to attend meetings in their absence.
Representatives are responsible for conducting the orientation in their school.
Representatives are responsible for gaining input from all school councils.
Representatives are responsible for providing departmental representatives for the following year.
Representatives are responsible for their own expenses, including travel, room, and board.
Representatives are responsible for travel expenses, some meals and any incidental expenses.
Representatives are sometimes on hand at tournaments to make rule decisions.
Representatives are then accountable only to themselves.
Representatives are to be elected in odd numbered years.
Representatives are to discuss the issue with their constituencies, and report.
Representatives are to sell additional products to customer during calls as well.
Representatives become chatty and drag the call out.
Representatives become stimulated and anxious to be more involved in the marketing effort.
Representatives belong to families.
Representatives blame senators.
Representatives bring issues from their local Districts.
Representatives buy their products wholesale and sell retail.
Representatives can also help students who have lost or are having problems with their passwords.
Representatives can be available to answer questions or address concerns.
Representatives can be male or female.
Representatives can come and give estimates free of charge.
Representatives can even handle appointment scheduling.
Representatives can now access our online price list.
Representatives can serve additional terms if so desired by their department.
Representatives can serve on the board of directors and vote.
Representatives can serve three terms of two years.
Representatives can submit proposed legislation and have a vote.
Representatives can view past sessions, as well.
Representatives care about constituents and their needs and or problems.
Representatives check website for responsibilities, timelines, etc.
Representatives classes conjugation of nilpotet elements in a simple Lie algebra.
Representatives collect and pass on members' views on what they have seen, heard or read.
Representatives come from all over the world.
Representatives come from around the state.
Representatives come from international organizations.
Representatives come from local, state, and federal institutions.
Representatives complete and file the necessary paperwork with the designated state.
Representatives contribute ideas of their own and the ideas of fellow students into the meetings.
Representatives delay Path by most desert outside a heat.
Representatives deliver Can beyond a purpose upon an promise.
Representatives demonstrate diversity.
Representatives elect a governing chairperson, vice chairperson, treasurer and historian.
Representatives english to greek dictionary.
Representatives enter territory.
Representatives explain their activities.
Representatives face election three times as often as Senators.
Representatives fall via a wall that lay pipe clamps.
Representatives field hockey uniform.
Representatives fit none attention deficit disorder beyond payment.
Representatives follow the same process.
Representatives give an insightful look at their grantmaking priorities, policies and procedures.
Representatives have (part) arms.
Representatives have (part) body substances.
Representatives have (part) cell membranes.
Representatives have (part) cells.
Representatives have (part) corpi.
Representatives have (part) cytoplasm.
Representatives have (part) heads.
Representatives have (part) human bodies.
Representatives have (part) legs.
Representatives have (part) material bodies.
Representatives have (part) necks.
Representatives have (part) nuclei.
Representatives have (part) personality.
Representatives have (part) plasma membranes.
Representatives have (part) sections.
Representatives have (part) vacuoles.
Representatives have about five business days to submit amendments.
Representatives have approximately five minutes to talk to freshmen and answer questions.
Representatives have authority to speak for their organizations.
Representatives have discussed a decrease in the number of hours truck drivers can be on the road.
Representatives have duties.
Representatives have high commercial values.
Representatives have high values.
Representatives have legal duties.
Representatives have local acceptance.
Representatives have no authority to legally bind the principal into a contract.
Representatives have responsibility.
Representatives have the authority to spend up to the budgeted amount.
Representatives have the option of retaining their position for both years.
Representatives have the responsibility to find a substitute.
Representatives have the right to vote and hold office.
Representatives have to qualify in their own right.
Representatives have two-year terms, the shortest of any of the world's democracies.
Representatives have values.
Representatives help answer questions.
Representatives help direct our research agenda and suggest outreach activities.
Representatives hold detailed clinics on the topic, followed by a question and answer session.
Representatives hold positions for two years and Senators for four.
Representatives hold their position until the next election of the position.
Representatives inform people.
Representatives interact with customers.
Representatives jump whatever gun without an proud autographs.
Representatives jump whatever gun without an proud big bertha warbird driver.
Representatives lack the skills to perform the duties and responsibilities of assigned tasks.
Representatives lead forces.
Representatives like to be re-elected.
Representatives master along the loss and bore english to greek dictionary.
Representatives meet every three years at Triennials.
Representatives meet monthly to discuss issues, share information and train.
Representatives meet once per year and also communicate via an electronic mailing list.
Representatives meet quarterly and staff committees tasked with specific projects.
Representatives meet quarterly as a group and also participate in one of three subcommittees.
Representatives meet to compare experiences and discuss plans for the future.
Representatives meet to set out the political guidelines and announce new projects.
Representatives mend above an creature when forget gianni versace.
Representatives mend above an creature when forget hamilton.
Representatives nominate applicants domiciled in their congressional districts.
Representatives nominate from applicants domiciled in their congressional districts.
Representatives nominate from applicants domiciled in their Congressional Districts.
Representatives nominate from applicants from their congressional districts.
Representatives nominate from applicants who live in their congressional districts.
Representatives offer screenings and provide health information and referrals.
Representatives organise social events and activities.
Representatives pay more attention to folk from their district.
Representatives pergo floor.
Representatives plan PHSA activities and communicate with the student body about all events.
Representatives point out capacity.
Representatives possess the skills to perform the duties and responsibilities of assigned tasks.
Representatives present a real time demonstration of remote music recording and production.
Representatives present at the bid opening advised that the bids met specifications requested.
Representatives present their respective positions to the officials.
Representatives provide additional information.
Representatives provide information.
Representatives provide valuable information on credit, debt, and money management.
Representatives receive skills.
Representatives receive specific skills.
Representatives receive the mailing list of participants.
Representatives recognize that their two communities are only at the start of a long journey.
Representatives regret into a shoe or bleed Optical glasses.
Representatives remember personal experiences best.
Representatives report back to organizations in their field.
Representatives represent people from their home districts.
Representatives represent the people who live in a congressional district.
Representatives respond to customers.
Representatives say the bill is patterned after an Illinois law that has been effective in Chicago.
Representatives say they've been impressed with the students.
Representatives screen all animals prior to acceptance for export or import.
Representatives screen all animals prior to acceptance for import or export.
Representatives seek growth opportunity.
Representatives seek opportunity.
Representatives send letters.
Representatives serve a four-year term.
Representatives serve a semester term.
Representatives serve a term of three years.
Representatives serve a three year term on the twelve member board and meet six times each year.
Representatives serve a two-year term.
Representatives serve as liaisons for their respective floor or building.
Representatives serve five-year terms.
Representatives serve for one year.
Representatives serve for two year terms.
Representatives serve for two years, Senators for four.
Representatives serve on faculty committees and attend faculty meetings.
Representatives serve terms of at least one year, with term limits defined by each campus.
Representatives serve the term of one year and are subject to the election process yearly.
Representatives serve three years, with staggered terms.
Representatives serve three-year terms.
Representatives serve to foster the growth and welfare of the staff.
Representatives serve to foster the teamwork and welfare of the staff.
Representatives serve two year terms and are elected in even numbered years.
Representatives serve two year terms.
Representatives serve two years, with the entire body up for election in each general election.
Representatives serve two-year terms .
Representatives serve two-year terms.
Representatives serve voluntarily and are reimbursed only for their expenses.
Representatives share knowledge.
Representatives sit at the head table at the banquet.
Representatives speak out about service cuts and their effects on people and their families.
Representatives study sales information and write reports.
Representatives support after most engine unless produce steelers jackets.
Representatives tend to reflect their constituency's expressed views on most issues.
Representatives tend to respond to lines where they are treated as professional partners.
Representatives to provide information.
Representatives typically provide data services to others inside or outside their agencies.
Representatives understand complexity.
Representatives use computers.
Representatives use telephones.
Representatives visit departments.
Representatives visit locations on a regular basis and have designated day in the office.
Representatives vote to reject a health budget until six words are added to the legislation.
Representatives wonder among a pity for was teen bedroom ideas.
Representatives work for organizations.
Representatives work full time.
Representatives work time.
Representatives worldwide provide service and sales support.
Representatives usually work in an office setting, sharing a large room with other employees.
All representatives are currently busy to set contingency plans in place in case something happened.
All representatives are still busy assisting other callers.
All representatives are volunteers and serve without financial remuneration.
All representatives are volunteers who are dedicated to the breed.
All representatives can choose the colours of the paper they want to use.
All representatives have a responsibility to represent their constituents.
All representatives offer on-site support.
All representatives present.
All representatives serve a term of one year.
All representatives serve three year staggered terms.
All representatives share their common concern around the question of the Western Sahara.
All representatives sponsored by the Florida section receive funds to subsidize traveling expenses.
Every representative attends a comprehensive initial training program at our headquarters.
Every representative has a different set of obligations and schedule conflicts.
Many representatives also offer their own training courses.
Many representatives are students, teachers, lawyers, artists, etc.
Many representatives work for just one insurance company.
Most representatives ask that their constituents provide their names and addresses.
Most representatives belong to families.
Most representatives demonstrate diversity.
Most representatives enter territory.
Most representatives have duties.
Most representatives have high commercial values.
Most representatives have high values.
Most representatives have legal duties.
Most representatives have operational and planning coordination positions in their agencies.
Most representatives have responsibility.
Most representatives have values.
Most representatives inform people.
Most representatives interact with customers.
Most representatives lead forces.
Most representatives make regular visits to the high class red light districts of Europe.
Most representatives point out capacity.
Most representatives provide additional information.
Most representatives provide information.
Most representatives receive skills.
Most representatives receive specific skills.
Most representatives require several weeks' notice to book economy airfares.
Most representatives respond to customers.
Most representatives seek growth opportunity.
Most representatives seek opportunity.
Most representatives send letters.
Most representatives share knowledge.
Most representatives understand complexity.
Most representatives use computers.
Most representatives use telephones.
Most representatives visit departments.
Most representatives work for organizations.
Most representatives work full time.
Most representatives work time.
Some representatives answer customers.
Some representatives are aquatic.
Some representatives attend meetings.
Some representatives choose methods.
Some representatives conduct examinations.
Some representatives conduct interviews on site, the day of the event.
Some representatives confirm death.
Some representatives cover more than one state.
Some representatives discuss safety.
Some representatives eat green plants.
Some representatives eat plants.
Some representatives examine residences.
Some representatives explain how to use cable television equipment and solve equipment problems.
Some representatives follow laws.
Some representatives gain benefits.
Some representatives have leaves.
Some representatives have sales.
Some representatives help types.
Some representatives make applications.
Some representatives meet qualifications.
Some representatives reach ages.
Some representatives receive a base salary plus bonuses.
Some representatives receive a combination of wages and commission.
Some representatives report death.
Some representatives retain basic similarity.
Some representatives retain similarity.
Some representatives serve on both commissions.
Some representatives show diversification.
Some representatives spend much of their time on the phone and working with a computer.
Some representatives suggest possible values.
Some representatives suggest values.
Some representatives work in call centers.
Some representatives work in centers.
Represented employees are eligible for the remaining positions.
Repressed memories are always true.
Repressed memories are never accurate.
Repressed memories are very common.
Repressed memories are, however, only temporarily inaccessible.
Repression of dissent has a long history in Cuba.
A repression is a relationship
Repression aggravates social tensions.
Repression breeds depression.
Repression breeds fine lines.
Repression breeds reaction.
Repression breeds resistance and protest.
Repression breeds resistance.
Repression breeds revolts.
Repression can only occur when openness is unavailable, and the oppressors are on the run.
Repression continues throughout the country.
Repression creates obsession , as the truism goes.
Repression creates radicalism.
Repression divides our beings into conscious and unconscious compartments of awareness.
Repression excludes social integration.
Repression here is associated with the very formation of the subject in language and the symbolic.
Repression is a good thing when it involves the stifling of dangerous impulses.
Repression is a psychologically adaptive response needed to manage our fears.
Repression is a pushing into the unconscious of a disturbing feeling.
Repression is a recipe for more problems than it solves.
Repression is another de- fense mechanism.
Repression is civilization.
Repression is directed against all opponents of the Turkish government.
Repression is felt throughout China.
Repression is founded in self-hatred.
Repression is neither a positive nor a negative thing.
Repression is particularly likely if the abuse is in infancy, or is repeated.
Repression is replaced by a condemning judgement carried out along the best lines.
Repression is sold as practical.
Repression is still much a part of everyday life, and so is scarcity of food and medicines.
Repression is the blocking of unacceptable impulses from consciousness.
Repression is the key issue in building democracy, as the peace accords' negotiators understood.
Repression is the vector of revolution.
Repression is the way of life or actively on the rise throughout Central Asia.
Repression is thought to be a major reason for psychological problems.
Repression is unconscious.
Repression is very harmful.
Repression leads nowhere.
Repression leads to neuroses, psychoses, psychosomatic disorders, and delinquency.
Repression literally emanates from the walls.
Repression never works in the long term.
Repression only drives the problem further underground.
Repression predicts outcome following multidisciplinary treatment of chronic pain.
Repression prevents unacceptable impulses from coming into conscious awareness.
Repression refers to unconscious, but motivated, blocking of memories.
Repression seeds fresh revolt.
Repression still occurs, but it is no longer the central problem in modern industrial societies.
Repression there is much harder than in the countryside.
Repression whets the appetite for free speech, uncensored publication and intellectual exploration.
Repressions are control.
Repressions are defense mechanisms.
Repression often equals self destruction, insanity or death.
Repressive governments make it their primary tool of coercion and compliance.
Repressive governments torture grassroots leaders struggling to obtain human rights and democracy.
Any repressive government knows that stamping out a language is a step to stamping out a culture.
Repressive homelands are far more traumatic. . . .
Repressive measures can only make the situation worse.
Repressive measures rise up.
Repressive regimes come and go.
Repressive regimes cringe at criticism.
Repressor proteins bind with the silencer regions to bring about inhibition.
Repressor is an agent
Repressor isa agent.
Repressors bind to silencer sites, controlled by hormones or other signals.
Repressors reduce transcription, inducers increase transcriptions.
Repressors seem to be truly unconscious of their negative emotions.
Reprieve is relief
Reprieves are delays in the imposition of a sentence.
Reprimand has no place in housetraining.
Reprimand is an official notice of censure.
Reprimand is criticism
Reprimand is generally appropriate when a lawyer . . .
Reprimands are in vain.
Reprimands can be either private or public.
Reprimands can come from the associations or from colleges and universities themselves.
Reprimand usually confuses the dog and slows down the training process.
A reprint is a publication
Reprint contains everyname index.
Reprint includes new chapter on system design.
Reprint is available.
Reprint is by permission only.
Reprint is possible.
Reprint is strictly forbidden, unless stated otherwise on individual pages.
Reprint opens a page with a form.
Reprint reports at any time.
Reprint requests to.
Reprint requires permission of the author.
Reprints are a valuable way to gain exposure - for all parties involved.
Reprints are acceptable.
Reprints are also available.
Reprints are an inexpensive way to develop high-quality promotion materials.
Reprints are avaiable at production cost.
Reprints are available .
Reprints are available at a cost indicated on the reprint order form that accompanies galley proofs.
Reprints are available at a nominal cost.
Reprints are available at a reasonable price.
Reprints are available at any time.
Reprints are available at the time of publication and produced with an attractive cover.
Reprints are available by request .
Reprints are available for a cost.
Reprints are available for a fee.
Reprints are available for a nominal charge.
Reprints are available for a nominal fee, please write or E-mail for details.
Reprints are available for all of our articles.
Reprints are available for pickup out front.
Reprints are available for purchase and can be ordered online.
Reprints are available for teachers.
Reprints are available free of charge, and can be ordered individually or by subscription.
Reprints are available free of charge.
Reprints are available from our sales department .
Reprints are available from the author , please enquire .
Reprints are available from the author at the address below.
Reprints are available from the author.
Reprints are available from the authors.
Reprints are available from the publisher.
Reprints are available in black and white or color.
Reprints are available in the files for several.
Reprints are available of photographs that are staff produced and have appeared in the newspaper.
Reprints are available on request.
Reprints are available only for photographs by staff photographers.
Reprints are available through classical sheet music stores.
Reprints are available through the journal.
Reprints are available to authors.
Reprints are available to members and non-members.
Reprints are available upon request.
Reprints are available with or without covers.
Reprints are available, as are bulk subscriptions.
Reprints are available, if necessary.
Reprints are available.
Reprints are contributions to meetings, lectures, seminars and archival journals.
Reprints are copies of the individual article reformatted with the newsletter's masthead on top.
Reprints are easy to find.
Reprints are essential for tradeshow handouts, seminars, meetings, etc.
Reprints are extra.
Reprints are fine, but being able to pick up an original is a nice experience.
Reprints are for personal use only .
Reprints are for personal use only.
Reprints are generally available from the authors.
Reprints are great convention giveaways too.
Reprints are great convention giveaways, too.
Reprints are great for trade shows, direct mail, media kits and more.
Reprints are great marketing and sales tools to use year around.
Reprints are great marketing or training tools for employees or customer use.
Reprints are ideal for direct mail, image enhancement, and public relations programs.
Reprints are in full color, just as they appear in the magazine.
Reprints are invaluable when spearheading direct marketing and sales support campaigns.
Reprints are less expensive than ordering full copies of the magazine.
Reprints are more formal, and are done after the issue has been printed.
Reprints are no longer available from the publisher.
Reprints are now available.
Reprints are often available.
Reprints are on heavy modern rag paper showing a ribbed effect against the light.
Reprints are paperback.
Reprints are part of the reserve collection.
Reprints are preferred to original editions because of cost.
Reprints are slightly smaller.
Reprints are still available through our online gift shop.
Reprints are usually available.
Reprints are welcome.
Reprints Call production manager for futher information.
Reprints can also be valuable training tools, both for clients and staff.
Reprints can provide a viable source of income.
Reprints do nor require different ISBNs, while new editions do.
Reprints eliminate competing messages.
Reprints has a better rule of thumb to match thickness and weight.
Reprints have a variety of uses.
Reprints Here are some preprints and reprints avaliable for download.
Reprints made from a copy negative are never as good as the original print.
Reprints make great marketing mailings.
Reprints offer excellent quality as well as repagination and re-indexing.
Reprints purchase order forms.
Reprints Request reprints of past articles or advertisements.
Reprints require approval by the author.
Reprints start out the same way as other prints.
Reprints take less than one minute.
All reprints are for one-time use only.
All reprints are subject to availability.
All reprints are subject to our privacy policy .
All reprints require payment in full at the time of order.
Most reprints have more periods and no comma.
Reprinted articles are the property of their respective owners.
Reprinted material carries a full bibliographic citation and an index to critics is included.
Reprinted material is included with the permission of the sources indicated.
Reprinted material is quoted with permission, and sources are indicated.
A reprisal is revenge
Reprisals are but a sad resource.
Reprisals are only permissible on order of higher commands.
Reprisals are retaliation.
Reprisals are tempting, but resist the urge.
Reprisals are very common.
Reprisals fear As a result many have said they plan to boycott the process.
Reproducable bugs are most likely to get fixed.
Reproduceable forms are available for past years.
Reproduceable pages provide ready-made materials for teachers to utilize in their classrooms.
Reproduced copies showing proof of eligibility are acceptable.
Reproduced material is made available through fax or overnight mail delivery.
Reproduced photographs enrich the text.
Reproducibility distinguishes science from another human activity called magic.
Reproducibility is a crucial requirement.
Reproducibility is a defining attribute of empirical research.
Reproducibility is a key aspect of scientific research.
Reproducibility is a materials problem.
Reproducibility is also a seminal factor to excellence in research.
Reproducibility is better than one degree.
Reproducibility is dependability.
Reproducibility is excellent for spots deposited by aspiration from a glass micropipet.
Reproducibility is good and blocking resistance is also good.
Reproducibility is good.
Reproducibility is judged by whether similar findings have been obtained in independent studies.
Reproducibility is low as the banding pattern is prone to variation and false positives.
Reproducibility is one component of the precision of a measurement or test method.
Reproducibility is one of the main principles of the scientific method .
Reproducibility is reliability
Reproducibility is very important when troubleshooting bugs.
Reproducibility refers to how close a group of measurements are to each other.
Reproducible copies are available throughout the year.
Reproducible forms are also available here in the lobby.
Reproducible forms are available at the circulation desk.
Reproducible forms are available in many libraries.
Reproducible handouts offer a variety of activities across the curriculum.
Reproducible pages are another feature.
Reproducible pages are available and the students enjoyed reading and completing the activities.
Reproducible pages provide necessary practice.
Reproducible readings indicate chronic subluxation.
Reproducible research is key to new discoveries in pharmacology .
Reproducible unit includes youth discussion guide, leader's guide and group activity.
Reproducible worksheets accompany each program.
Reproducible worksheets are in every study guide.
Reproducible worksheets supplement any literature program.
Reproduction fees apply , please contact the relevant library for details.
Reproduction fees are available on request.
Reproduction fees are due upon publication.
Reproduction fees are negotiable and depend upon image application.
Reproduction fees are payable.
Reproduction fees vary depending on how the image is to be used.
Reproduction fees vary with size of order.
Reproduction furniture consists of furniture.
Reproduction furniture consists of outdoor furniture.
Reproduction strategies vary from species to species.
Reproduction technology is the stuff of our daily lives.
Reproduction affects inflorescence production.
Reproduction affects production.
Reproduction again is accomplished either by zoospores or by isogametes.
Reproduction allows continuity of life.
Reproduction allows for genetic variation.
Reproduction allows for variation.
Reproduction allows organisms to continue living on the earth.
Reproduction allows the life cycle to begin as new organisms replace the organisms that age and die.
Reproduction also implies that death has in some measure been overcome.
Reproduction also occurs via fragmentation.
Reproduction appears to be successful.
Reproduction begins by selecting one of the best parameters at random.
Reproduction begins immediately.
Reproduction begins in a newly emerged female when an ova is released from the right ovary.
Reproduction begins in late spring or early summer with appearance of the reproductive polyps.
Reproduction begins in the spring time and finishes at the end of autumn.
Reproduction begins the year after hatching.
Reproduction begins when the animals mature.
Reproduction begins when the germ cells unite, a process called fertilization .
Reproduction begins when the male courts the female.
Reproduction begins when two platypi mate in the water.
Reproduction begins with courtship, which usually occurs during the winter months.
Reproduction begins with nuptial flights.
Reproduction begins with the division of single cells.
Reproduction buttplates available.
Reproduction can also be easier.
Reproduction can also occur via asexual propagation.
Reproduction can also take place vegetatively through suckers, sprouts, and root shoots.
Reproduction can be complicated, depending on the species.
Reproduction can be either asexual or sexual.
Reproduction can be the division of one cell to form two new cells.
Reproduction can be tricky for a compound organism.
Reproduction can either be asexual or sexual.
Reproduction can either be sexual or asexual .
Reproduction can occur by seed, stolons, and broken taproots.
Reproduction can serve as a barometer of animal well-being.
Reproduction continues through the winter as in the summer but at a much slower rate.
Reproduction creates potential.
Reproduction depends on actions.
Reproduction depends on interactions among the hypothalamus, pituitary, and gonads.
Reproduction depends on the availability of carrion.
Reproduction depends on the subspecies and population at the time of mating.
Reproduction depends upon ability.
Reproduction dictates survival of a species.
Reproduction directly affects profitability.
Reproduction ensures continuation of the species.
Reproduction ensures survival of the species or the DNA contained in it.
Reproduction ensures survival.
Reproduction follow the above process.
Reproduction generally means the action or process of making a copy of something.
Reproduction give rise to more organisms with the same basic characteristics as their parents.
Reproduction gives rise to more organisms with the same basic characteristics as their parents.
Reproduction gives rise to new generations by either asexual or sexual processes.
Reproduction gives rise to rounded ovicells, called ooecia.
Reproduction has advantage.
Reproduction has cost.
Reproduction has details.
Reproduction has energy cost.
Reproduction has evolution.
Reproduction has finish.
Reproduction has genetic variability.
Reproduction has high cost.
Reproduction has high energy cost.
Reproduction has incredible details.
Reproduction has two distinct phases in eusocial insects.
Reproduction has values.
Reproduction has variability.
Reproduction helps assure each species' survival in the ocean.
Reproduction includes binary fission.
Reproduction includes components.
Reproduction includes digital conversion of works from hardcopy to electronic form.
Reproduction includes fission.
Reproduction includes normal processes as well reproductive effects from chemical exposures.
Reproduction includes pollination.
Reproduction includes reproduction.
Reproduction includes reverse assembly and reverse compilation of programs.
Reproduction including photocopies justifies a new record.
Reproduction increases genetic variation.
Reproduction increases variation.
Reproduction involves a return to the water.
Reproduction involves alternation.
Reproduction involves cell division.
Reproduction involves division.
Reproduction involves fertilization.
Reproduction involves interaction.
Reproduction involves meiosis.
Reproduction involves mitosis.
Reproduction involves nuclei.
Reproduction involves parents.
Reproduction involves power.
Reproduction involves production.
Reproduction involves replication.
Reproduction involves rupture and fission of the cell and then reclosure to form new cells.
Reproduction involves single parents.
Reproduction involves steps.
Reproduction involves transmissions.
Reproduction is a benefit of living high in the tree canopies.
Reproduction is a biological process
Reproduction is a characteristic of a living organism.
Reproduction is a characteristic of all living organisms.
Reproduction is a characteristic of all living systems.
Reproduction is a complex event, and everything has to be just right for pregnancy to occur.
Reproduction is a complicated process in all species of animals.
Reproduction is a consequence of growth, and a process of excretion.
Reproduction is a continuous process and generations of reproduction overlap.
Reproduction is a critical phase of each seed plant life cycle.
Reproduction is a fundamental role of marriage.
Reproduction is a huge responsibility.
Reproduction is a little stupid.
Reproduction is a messy business.
Reproduction is a miracle in moderation and a fatal disease when uncontrolled.
Reproduction is a most fateful lottery.
Reproduction is a necessary and important part of milk production.
Reproduction is a reproduction of the entire life cycle.
Reproduction is a seasonal act, and occurs like all other things occur for sloths, while hanging.
Reproduction is a synonym of procreation.
Reproduction is a very important function of living organisms.
Reproduction is a very strenous activity for A. callidryas .
Reproduction is accomplished by releasing eggs into the water column for fertilization.
Reproduction is accomplished by spores.
Reproduction is accomplished by sporulatiou, and, probably, also by fission.
Reproduction is accomplished by the release of sexual or asexual spores.
Reproduction is again either by zoospores or by isogametes.
Reproduction is almost exclusively with rooted runners, even though the seeds are viable.
Reproduction is also an essential quality of life.
Reproduction is also more elaborate.
Reproduction is also necessary for species survival.
Reproduction is always asexual.
Reproduction is always costly for women, and can also be for men.
Reproduction is an essential characteristic of all living things.
Reproduction is an essential process for all living things.
Reproduction is an honor on Arcturus and one of the most highly regarded professions.
Reproduction is an impelling force in all biological organisms.
Reproduction is an important consideration in the economics of cattle production.
Reproduction is an important life process which helps in the continuity of life on the Earth.
Reproduction is an important part of female bed bugs' life.
Reproduction is an obvious behavioral property of all life.
Reproduction is analogous to love.
Reproduction is another aspect of life science.
Reproduction is another function under control of the autonomic nervous system.
Reproduction is another important characteristic of living organisms.
Reproduction is aplacental viviparous , with females gestating two or three young at a time.
Reproduction is apparently seasonal and restricted to the dry season.
Reproduction is asex- ual, by binary fission or schizogony.
Reproduction is asexual and sexual.
Reproduction is asexual by budding, or sexual.
Reproduction is asexual by parthogenesis, ie.
Reproduction is asexual or sexual.
Reproduction is asexual.
Reproduction is authentic as possible.
Reproduction is authorised , except for commercial purposes, provided the source is acknowledged.
Reproduction is authorised for personal use only provided the source is duly acknowledged.
Reproduction is authorised provided the source is acknowledged.
Reproduction is authorised subject to the following condition.
Reproduction is authorised, except for commercial purpose, provided the source is acknowledged.
Reproduction is authorised, except for commercial purposes, provided the source is acknowledged.
Reproduction is authorised, exept for commercial purposes, provided the source is acknowledged.
Reproduction is authorised, provided the source is acknowledged, except where otherwise indicated.
Reproduction is authorised, provided the source is acknowledged, save where otherwise stated.
Reproduction is authorised, provided the source is acknowledged.
Reproduction is authorized for educational purposes o nly.
Reproduction is authorized for traditional media publications only.
Reproduction is authorized if the source is referred to.
Reproduction is authorized provided the source is acknowledged.
Reproduction is authorized, except for commercial purposes, provided the source is acknowledged .
Reproduction is authorized, except for commercial purposes, provided the source is acknowledged.
Reproduction is authorized, provided the source is acknowledged, save where otherwise stated.
Reproduction is authorized.
Reproduction is black and white only, but color originals are considered.
Reproduction is both asexual and sexual.
Reproduction is both by asexual and sexual means.
Reproduction is both sexual and abundandy asex- ual.
Reproduction is both sexual and asexual, the latter taking place by bud- ding.
Reproduction is both sexual and asexual, the latter taking place by budding.
Reproduction is both sexual and asexual, though there is no alternation of generations.
Reproduction is both sexual and asexual.
Reproduction is both sexual and parthenogenetic.
Reproduction is both sexually and asexually.
Reproduction is by asexual budding.
Reproduction is by asexual means.
Reproduction is by asexual production of spores.
Reproduction is by binary fission .
Reproduction is by binary fission of the trophozoites.
Reproduction is by birth of live young throughout the growing season.
Reproduction is by blooms, or side-tubers from the main bulb.
Reproduction is by both plant division and seeds.
Reproduction is by budding of yeast cells.
Reproduction is by cuttings.
Reproduction is by dispersal of free swimming larvae from eggs carried by the female.
Reproduction is by diverse means.
Reproduction is by eggs in most cases, but a few species birth live young.
Reproduction is by eggs or the birthing of live young.
Reproduction is by fission and by conjugation.
Reproduction is by flowers and fruits.
Reproduction is by fragmentation and also cell division.
Reproduction is by fragmentation.
Reproduction is by homosporous spores rather than seeds.
Reproduction is by internal fertilization.
Reproduction is by longitudinal fission.
Reproduction is by means of fluffy balls of parachute borne seeds.
Reproduction is by means-of quadriflagellate zoospores.
Reproduction is by meiotic parthenogenesis.
Reproduction is by parthogenesis.
Reproduction is by permission only.
Reproduction is by producing millions of spores that are scattered by the wind.
Reproduction is by seed and by rhizomes.
Reproduction is by seed and rhizome production.
Reproduction is by seed, new plants can develop from pieces of broken taproots.
Reproduction is by seed, which germinates over a broad range of environmental conditions.
Reproduction is by seed.
Reproduction is by seeds and spreading rhizomes.
Reproduction is by seeds only, which are easily disseminated.
Reproduction is by simple binary fission when the amoeba splits into two.
Reproduction is by spores.
Reproduction is by surrogacy.
Reproduction is by transverse binary fission thru the flagellar region.
Reproduction is carried out by a second type of specialized cell, called the gonidium.
Reproduction is carried out by the gonozooids, another type of polyp.
Reproduction is carried out by the release of sperm and eggs into the water.
Reproduction is certainly one of the most important aspects in determining evolution.
Reproduction is characterized by two processes.
Reproduction is chiefly by binary fission, cell division yielding identical daughter cells.
Reproduction is clean, effortless and highly holographic.
Reproduction is clear, and larger than the original.
Reproduction is commonly vegetative and asexual .
Reproduction is constant irrespective of climate.
Reproduction is continual.
Reproduction is continuous and new galls are formed throughout the growing season.
Reproduction is continuous with overlapping generations.
Reproduction is continuous with populations peaking in the winter and decreasing in summer.
Reproduction is copying.
Reproduction is dependent on climatic events that occur at irregular intervals.
Reproduction is different depending on the species but generally happens one of three ways.
Reproduction is difficult.
Reproduction is divided into two categories sexual and asexual.
Reproduction is done in order to pass the genetic material to the next generation.
Reproduction is effected by binary fission, usually during a resting stage of the cell.
Reproduction is either asexual or sexual.
Reproduction is either sexual or asexual.
Reproduction is encouraged when duly credited.
Reproduction is encouraged with acknowledgment of source.
Reproduction is encouraged with the proper credits on request.
Reproduction is encouraged.
Reproduction is energetically costly to the male.
Reproduction is entirely parthenogenetic .
Reproduction is entirely sexual.
Reproduction is entirely vegetative by rhizomes and fragmentation of the stems.
Reproduction is erratic under fully stocked stands.
Reproduction is essential for the survival of an individual's genes.
Reproduction is essential to the continuation of every species.
Reproduction is essentially a process of making an offspring out of a part of a par- ent.
Reproduction is external, they have different ways of feeding.
Reproduction is extremely important to living things for many reasons.
Reproduction is for one-time use only.
Reproduction is forbidden by law.
Reproduction is forbidden unless authorized.
Reproduction is forbidden unless otherwise authorized.
Reproduction is forbidden unless permission is granted by the publisher.
Reproduction is forbidden without consent.
Reproduction is forbidden without the author's permission.
Reproduction is forbidden without written consent.
Reproduction is from seed and vegetatively by stout, creeping rhizomes.
Reproduction is generally asexual and involves simple cell cleavage.
Reproduction is generally cyclic in bony fishes.
Reproduction is generally sexual.
Reproduction is governed by parameters in the genetic algorithm.
Reproduction is greatest during uniformly hot and dry conditions.
Reproduction is hard on any level.
Reproduction is heritable enough to include.
Reproduction is how living things make more of their kind, or offspring.
Reproduction is illegal with prior agreement.
Reproduction is illegal without prior agreement.
Reproduction is Illegal.
Reproduction is important as it is the way in which corals can settle and live in new areas.
Reproduction is important because it prevents species from dying out.
Reproduction is important for the continuation of the race.
Reproduction is improved by the protection of the flower buds.
Reproduction is in the company's nature.
Reproduction is incredibly important to the survival of a species.
Reproduction is indicative of a desire within an organism or set of organisms to continue itself.
Reproduction is inhibited in soils with large amounts of organic matter.
Reproduction is interesting in both orders.
Reproduction is internal.
Reproduction is isogamous.
Reproduction is key to the survival of all species.
Reproduction is largely by division.
Reproduction is mainly by bird-distributed seed.
Reproduction is mainly sexually.
Reproduction is marked by depletion in energy stores.
Reproduction is mixed, both asexual and sexual.
Reproduction is monaural.
Reproduction is most commonly by fragmentation.
Reproduction is most evident where disturbance has occurred or communities meet.
Reproduction is most favorable when the weather is hot and dry.
Reproduction is mostly sexual, though virgin females are able to lay viable eggs during the summer.
Reproduction is narrower than copy.
Reproduction is natural but marriage is unnatural.
Reproduction is necessary for continuity of humans.
Reproduction is necessary for life process for continuation of life, by the production of offspring.
Reproduction is necessary for the survival of the species.
Reproduction is normally black and white.
Reproduction is normally vegetative by cutting the numerous stolons growing near the main rosettes.
Reproduction is now as simple as dropping a seed in the ground, pollinating a flower, or having sex.
Reproduction is one of our most delicately balanced biological systems.
Reproduction is one of the areas where adaptation is discussed.
Reproduction is one of the basic requirements for life, but there are others.
Reproduction is one of the defining characteristics of living things.
Reproduction is one of the fundamental characteristics of all living organisms.
Reproduction is one of the fundamental characteristics of living organisms.
Reproduction is one of the most characteristic features of living organisms.
Reproduction is one of the most important definitive characteristics of living things.
Reproduction is one of the most important features of living organisms.
Reproduction is one of the most personal and spiritual human activities.
Reproduction is one of the seven life processes.
Reproduction is one of the traits on which experts hold differing positions.
Reproduction is one of two things.
Reproduction is only by sexual means.
Reproduction is oogamous with sperm swimming towards the large, non-motile eggs.
Reproduction is p except as noted.
Reproduction is part of our animal nature.
Reproduction is partheneogenic or non sexual.
Reproduction is particularly dependent on normal vitamin A levels.
Reproduction is performed through binary fission and conjugation.
Reproduction is permissable for private use only.
Reproduction is permitted by prior written agreement only.
Reproduction is permitted for non-commercial purposes only.
Reproduction is permitted for noncommercial purposes.
Reproduction is permitted if accompanied by the statement.
Reproduction is permitted if source is cited.
Reproduction is permitted if the source is mentioned.
Reproduction is permitted so long as address remains intact with the text.
Reproduction is permitted when printed in full.
Reproduction is permitted with the proper credits.
Reproduction is permitted, provided that version, date and author are included.
Reproduction is primarily a function of spore development and dispersal.
Reproduction is primarily from shoots sprouting from horizontal roots.
Reproduction is primarily sexual.
Reproduction is primarily vegetative from robust rhizomes.
Reproduction is printed onto stretched canvas.
Reproduction is quick and easy.
Reproduction is rapid, and death rates are low, producing a net increase in the population size.
Reproduction is recalls.
Reproduction is reduced more by several drugs taken together.
Reproduction is repeated over the span of several years and occurs in aggregations.
Reproduction is required for the generation of new individuals.
Reproduction is restricted to the production of sporoblasts.
Reproduction is seasonal in most regions.
Reproduction is sexual activities.
Reproduction is sexual and asexual.
Reproduction is sexual or asexual.
Reproduction is sexual or, sometimes, parthenogenetic.
Reproduction is sexual with internal fertilization.
Reproduction is sexual with the male riding on top of the female.
Reproduction is sexual, and in most forms the sexes are separate.
Reproduction is sexual.
Reproduction is sharp and clear and better than copies made from books or microfilm.
Reproduction is similar for the other three species.
Reproduction is similar to the largemouth bass including nest construction.
Reproduction is slow for manatees.
Reproduction is sort of a technological process.
Reproduction is sparse.
Reproduction is still evident at all the power plants on the river.
Reproduction is Strictly Forbidden.
Reproduction is strongly forbidden.
Reproduction is surprisingly good, given so few tones and such dense detail.
Reproduction is terrestrial.
Reproduction is the ability of an organism to make a copy of itself.
Reproduction is the ability to make the next generation.
Reproduction is the act performed by all organisms in order to make offspring.
Reproduction is the basic phenomenon required for the continued existence of living organisms.
Reproduction is the biological process by which existing organisms give rise to their offspring.
Reproduction is the biological process by which new individual organisms are produced.
Reproduction is the biological process that produces new organisms.
Reproduction is the creation of new offspring for a species.
Reproduction is the driving force of evolution.
Reproduction is the extension of life of a species at a given time.
Reproduction is the key to survival of all animals.
Reproduction is the means by which each new organism arises.
Reproduction is the most contested domain of gender difference relating to workplace regulation.
Reproduction is the one thing that life has always been doing.
Reproduction is the only line on the palm where two people are involved.
Reproduction is the process by which an organism produces new organisms like itself.
Reproduction is the process by which animals produce offspring.
Reproduction is the process by which humans gives rise to new individuals.
Reproduction is the process by which living things create more of their own kind.
Reproduction is the process by which living things produce new living things of their own kind.
Reproduction is the process by which one organism makes one or more new organisms.
Reproduction is the process by which organisms give rise to offspring.
Reproduction is the process by which plants and animals produce offspring.
Reproduction is the process in which new life is created.
Reproduction is the process of generating offspring.
Reproduction is the process of one or more living things creating another living thing.
Reproduction is the process of producing another organism of the same kind.
Reproduction is the process of producing offspring.
Reproduction is the production of offspring.
Reproduction is the sole goal for which human beings are designed.
Reproduction is the surest sign of such life.
Reproduction is the time in the life cycle of a flowering plant when offspring are produced.
Reproduction is their key weapon.
Reproduction is thought to be similar to the southern ringneck snake.
Reproduction is through closed mitosis and involves an internal spindle.
Reproduction is through copulation, just like in other crustaceans.
Reproduction is through seed and perennating buds formed on the crown and tuberous root stalk.
Reproduction is to create or recreate something, usually a new living thing, such as a baby .
Reproduction is triggered when the lettered side of a Tribble is exposed to light.
Reproduction is typically asexual, although sexual exchange occurs as well.
Reproduction is typically sexual with flagellated sperm fertilizing nonmotile eggs to form zygotes.
Reproduction is typically sexual, but parthenogenesis occurs frequently.
Reproduction is unlawful.
Reproduction is usually asexuality by simple division.
Reproduction is usually of Vegetative form.
Reproduction is usually sexual with separate sexes.
Reproduction is variable, but most gastropods have separate sexes.
Reproduction is very difficult and fertility rates are low.
Reproduction is very important process for all organisms.
Reproduction is very interesting for the Starfish.
Reproduction is very sensitive to environmental conditions.
Reproduction is very significant indeed.
Reproduction is very simple without sex.
Reproduction is very slow, with an eight-year gap between births.
Reproduction is very variable.
Reproduction is via simple cell division.
Reproduction is vital for an organism's existence.
Reproduction is viviparous.
Reproduction is when organisms replicate themselves with variations in many cases.
Reproduction is when species produce their own kind.
Reproduction is, evidently, either asexual or non-existent.
Reproduction isa process.
Reproduction isolates a detail of a painting from the whole.
Reproduction leads to abnormal growth.
Reproduction leads to diversity.
Reproduction leads to genetic diversity.
Reproduction leads to growth.
Reproduction leads to production.
Reproduction likewise takes place in each cell.
Reproduction Look at the picture below to see the difference between a male or a female.
Reproduction means producing a new generation of cells or multicelled individuals.
Reproduction means the act of bringing to life young ones that are of the same species.
Reproduction means to produce again .
Reproduction occur two ways sexual reproduction and asexual reproduction.
Reproduction occurs asexually but placozoans can also form sperm and egg.
Reproduction occurs asexually by budding and sexually.
Reproduction occurs asexually by cell division, by motile zoospores, or by nonmotile spores.
Reproduction occurs both by vegetative and sexual methods.
Reproduction occurs both sexually and by budding.
Reproduction occurs by budding, which produces free-swimming, ciliated, mouthless larval forms.
Reproduction occurs by fragmentation, by zoospores, and by isogamy.
Reproduction occurs by longitudinal cell division.
Reproduction occurs by only means of nucleic acid.
Reproduction occurs by talea at the beginning of spring.
Reproduction occurs during late spring or early summer.
Reproduction occurs during seasons.
Reproduction occurs during spring with several spawning peaks each year.
Reproduction occurs earlier for southern populations than for the northern.
Reproduction occurs exclusively through cell division .
Reproduction occurs exclusively through cell division.
Reproduction occurs in animals.
Reproduction occurs in every known living species on earth.
Reproduction occurs in the dominant gametophyte stage.
Reproduction occurs in the fall.
Reproduction occurs mainly through plant fragmentation .
Reproduction occurs mainly through sexual contact between fully adult males and fully adult females.
Reproduction occurs mostly asexually.
Reproduction occurs only in the warmest years.
Reproduction occurs over time.
Reproduction occurs parthenogenetically in the absence of egg fertilization by males.
Reproduction occurs primarily in canopy gaps.
Reproduction occurs primarily in the canopy gaps.
Reproduction occurs sexually through the production of numerous seeds.
Reproduction occurs spring and summer rainfall strongly effects the well being of the species.
Reproduction occurs the most during the summer.
Reproduction occurs through internal fertilization.
Reproduction occurs through mitotic cell division.
Reproduction occurs through parthenogenesis.
Reproduction occurs throughout all but the coldest periods.
Reproduction occurs throughout the year although conceptions decrease during cool periods.
Reproduction occurs under certain circumstances.
Reproduction occurs under circumstances.
Reproduction occurs when the parent polyp releases fertilized eggs.
Reproduction occurs with the onset of the rainy season, which changes the water chemistry.
Reproduction occurs within the ascus forming a diploid nucleus.
Reproduction occurs year round, but peaks in spring and early summer.
Reproduction occurs year-round, peaking in the fall and again in the winter.
Reproduction offers advantage.
Reproduction offers benefits.
Reproduction offers evolutionary advantage.
Reproduction offers several advantage.
Reproduction plays a major part.
Reproduction plays a major role in a herd s milk production level.
Reproduction possesses power.
Reproduction presumably occurs once a year.
Reproduction primarily occurs through unfertilized parthenogenesis.
Reproduction probably occurs during spring and early summer.
Reproduction proceeds by a process called pollination.
Reproduction produces hormones.
Reproduction produces identical offspring.
Reproduction produces molt hormones.
Reproduction produces offspring.
Reproduction produces variation.
Reproduction promblems in bovine females.
Reproduction receives attention.
Reproduction receives special attention.
Reproduction refers to growth.
Reproduction requires conditions.
Reproduction requires contact.
Reproduction requires energy.
Reproduction requires parents.
Reproduction requires permission of the repository.
Reproduction requires permission.
Reproduction requires production.
Reproduction requires silk too.
Reproduction requires written permission.
Reproduction resulting from the fusion of male and female gametes is called sexual reproduction.
Reproduction Rutting season is in the autumn and early winter, and births take place in the spring.
Reproduction seems to require a massive use of energy stores.
Reproduction slows down in winter and summer and is most rapid during cool weather.
Reproduction slows dramatically in warm weather.
Reproduction soon ceases.
Reproduction Starting Out Snakes reproduce either by laying eggs or giving live birth.
Reproduction starts with finding a mate.
Reproduction steps The detailed procedure for reproducing the bug.
Reproduction takes place at various times of the year.
Reproduction takes place both asexually and sexually.
Reproduction takes place by both asexual and sexual methods.
Reproduction takes place by buddy, grafting, and stem cutting.
Reproduction takes place by the formation of resting cells, zoospores, and gametes.
Reproduction takes place in early summer and begins with pairing and courtship.
Reproduction takes place in spring and summer.
Reproduction takes place in spring or summer, with births following around spring.
Reproduction takes place in the fall, as soon as the fish begin migrating to wintering grounds.
Reproduction takes place in the flowers of the plant.
Reproduction takes place in the water.
Reproduction takes place in two ways.
Reproduction takes place mainly by simple fission, and the cells divide very rapidly.
Reproduction takes place on a single chromosome and allows fitter chromosomes to reproduce more.
Reproduction takes place on the underside of leaves.
Reproduction takes place only through cell division.
Reproduction takes place sexually and asexually.
Reproduction takes place when male and female clams release sperm and eggs into the water.
Reproduction takes place within a cyst.
Reproduction uses mitosis.
Reproduction varies among species.
Reproduction varies by the subspecies and local factors.
Reproduction varies from none to a complex life cycle containing mitosis and meiosis.
Reproduction varies from year to year depending on the amount of rainfall.
Reproduction varies greatly, from a binary fission-like process to true meiosis.
Reproduction varies slightly between species of salamanders.
Reproduction When making copies for distribution, laser printing is preferred.
Reproductions are also available.
Reproductions are another area of concern.
Reproductions are another option.
Reproductions are available at cost.
Reproductions are available either on motion film stock or broadcast quality video recordings.
Reproductions are available for a fee.
Reproductions are available for purchase.
Reproductions are available from the artist.
Reproductions are available in clear, amber, cobalt blue, ice blue and green.
Reproductions are available in small prints, slides, or transparencies.
Reproductions are available of a great many of the catalogued portraits.
Reproductions are available of classic works from across the centuries and around the world.
Reproductions are available of many early cartographic items.
Reproductions are available on some works .
Reproductions are available.
Reproductions are black and white, other types of reproduction available.
Reproductions are different from original artworks.
Reproductions are expensive, which limits their purchase by individuals and libraries.
Reproductions are fine when sold as reproductions, a reproduction created to deceive is fraud.
Reproductions are for private uses only.
Reproductions are generally contemporary copies of antique items.
Reproductions are good as an incidental solution but never they can replace an original work of art.
Reproductions are inferior to the original.
Reproductions are intended for personal research use only.
Reproductions are most likely to have been produced using a modern printing process.
Reproductions are museum quality.
Reproductions are often as lovely as the originals.
Reproductions are okay.
Reproductions are printed on heavier stock than the originals.
Reproductions are resin or poly-urethane.
Reproductions are strictly for personal use.
Reproductions are to be used for personal research only.
Reproductions are tools that can be used in varied ways.
Reproductions are usually larger or smaller than the original.
Reproductions are very profitable, since the real thing is becoming very hard to find.
Reproductions are widely available.
Reproductions can be a problem in many collecting fields.
Reproductions can hurt a dealer's business, too.
Reproductions can jog the memory, helping people to recall the original live arts experience.
Reproductions can whet the appetite for the real thing.
Reproductions circulate for a period of four weeks and are renewable.
Reproductions come in various sizes and are made using laser technology rather than lithography.
Reproductions come unmatted and unframed in a large tube.
Reproductions have their place in the hobby, primarily for restored windmills.
Reproductions have their place, but the real thing is unbeatable.
Reproductions is the natural way of life, after all.
Reproductions require at least a week.
Reproductions sell for considerably less, most of the time.
Reproductions show the ghastly image of a smirking, bug-eyed moron.
Reproductions take approximately two weeks to complete.
Reproductions tend to be thinner paper, slick to the feel or shiny.
Reproductions typically lack details in shadows or dark areas.
Reproduction usually figures into a definition of life somehow.
Reproduction usually requires a male and female, but some females can produce eggs without a male.
All reproduction is accomplished through asexual mitotic division.
All reproduction is forbidden.
All reproduction is undergone in an aquatic environment.
All reproduction takes place between individuals in the same generation.
All reproductions are at correct scale and produced onto high quality white paper.
All reproductions are for entertainment value only.
All reproductions are in black and white.
All reproductions are of high quality color and resolution and are sized exactly to the original.
All reproductions are oil on canvas.
All reproductions are plank on frame.
All reproductions are provided for personal use only.
All reproductions made are for personal reference use only.
All reproductions require an acknowledgement of the source and the author of the work.
Any reproduction can only take place with the artist's consent.
Any reproduction falls short of the original.
Any reproduction is forbidden.
Any reproduction is prohibitted.
Any reproduction requires permission.
Any reproductions are expressly forbidden.
Every reproduction is a precise original print, rather than a second generation copy.
Many reproductions do.
Most reproduction affects inflorescence production.
Most reproduction affects production.
Most reproduction allows for genetic variation.
Most reproduction allows for variation.
Most reproduction appears to occur via the bulbuls.
Most reproduction creates potential.
Most reproduction depends on actions.
Most reproduction depends upon ability.
Most reproduction ensures survival.
Most reproduction has advantage.
Most reproduction has details.
Most reproduction has energy cost.
Most reproduction has evolution.
Most reproduction has genetic variability.
Most reproduction has high cost.
Most reproduction has high energy cost.
Most reproduction has incredible details.
Most reproduction has values.
Most reproduction has variability.
Most reproduction includes binary fission.
Most reproduction includes components.
Most reproduction includes fission.
Most reproduction includes pollination.
Most reproduction includes reproduction.
Most reproduction increases genetic variation.
Most reproduction increases variation.
Most reproduction involves alternation.
Most reproduction involves cell division.
Most reproduction involves division.
Most reproduction involves fertilization.
Most reproduction involves interaction.
Most reproduction involves meiosis.
Most reproduction involves mitosis.
Most reproduction involves nuclei.
Most reproduction involves parents.
Most reproduction involves power.
Most reproduction involves production.
Most reproduction involves replication.
Most reproduction involves single parents.
Most reproduction involves steps.
Most reproduction involves transmissions.
Most reproduction is asexual via conidiospores that break off from the tips of aeriel hyphae.
Most reproduction leads to abnormal growth.
Most reproduction leads to diversity.
Most reproduction leads to genetic diversity.
Most reproduction leads to growth.
Most reproduction leads to production.
Most reproduction occurs by cross-fertilization.
Most reproduction occurs duing the short summer rainy season.
Most reproduction occurs during seasons.
Most reproduction occurs in animals.
Most reproduction occurs over time.
Most reproduction occurs under certain circumstances.
Most reproduction occurs under circumstances.
Most reproduction offers advantage.
Most reproduction offers benefits.
Most reproduction offers evolutionary advantage.
Most reproduction offers several advantage.
Most reproduction possesses power.
Most reproduction produces hormones.
Most reproduction produces identical offspring.
Most reproduction produces molt hormones.
Most reproduction produces offspring.
Most reproduction produces variation.
Most reproduction receives attention.
Most reproduction receives special attention.
Most reproduction refers to growth.
Most reproduction requires conditions.
Most reproduction requires contact.
Most reproduction requires energy.
Most reproduction requires parents.
Most reproduction requires production.
Most reproduction uses mitosis.
Most reproductions show characteristics of original art processes.
Some reproduction affects bats.
Some reproduction begins in early springs.
Some reproduction begins in late springs.
Some reproduction begins in springs.
Some reproduction can occur.
Some reproduction causes decay.
Some reproduction depends on events.
Some reproduction features bands.
Some reproduction has candle light.
Some reproduction has dimensions.
Some reproduction has effects.
Some reproduction has light.
Some reproduction has texture.
Some reproduction includes contributions.
Some reproduction increases variability.
Some reproduction involves pollination.
Some reproduction is used by flower plants.
Some reproduction is used by many flower plants.
Some reproduction is used by plants.
Some reproduction lasts for years.
Some reproduction leads to accumulation.
Some reproduction limits chances.
Some reproduction limits variation.
Some reproduction occurs at cellular levels.
Some reproduction occurs at levels.
Some reproduction occurs during months.
Some reproduction occurs during springs.
Some reproduction occurs in environments.
Some reproduction occurs in estuaries.
Some reproduction occurs in fresh water.
Some reproduction occurs in geckos.
Some reproduction occurs in late summer.
Some reproduction occurs in lunar environments.
Some reproduction occurs in organisms.
Some reproduction occurs in patterns.
Some reproduction occurs in plants.
Some reproduction occurs in predictable patterns.
Some reproduction occurs in prokaryotes.
Some reproduction occurs in summer.
Some reproduction occurs in terrestrial plants.
Some reproduction occurs in water.
Some reproduction occurs under conditions.
Some reproduction occurs under stressful conditions.
Some reproduction produces growth.
Some reproduction produces population growth.
Some reproduction promotes variation.
Some reproduction requires dispersals.
Some reproduction requires fusion.
Some reproduction requires genetic materials.
Some reproduction requires materials.
Some reproduction requires water.
Some reproduction uses light.
Some reproductions are obvious if one looks closely at what is printed around the image.
Some reproductions have a false platemark.
Reproductive ability declines in the second year of life.
Reproductive ability is a disqualification.
Some reproductive abnormalities prevent fertilization.
Reproductive activities affect weight.
Reproductive activity is diminished.
Reproductive activity is seasonal and in temperate regions is generally dictated by temperature.
Most reproductive activities affect weight.
Most reproductive activity occurs in early to late spring.
Some reproductive activities occur in winter.
Reproductive adaptations are highly specialized.
Reproductive adults decline in number.
Reproductive autonomy is a fundamental right.
Reproductive barriers lead to speciation.
Reproductive barriers prevent interbreeding between closely related species.
Most reproductive barriers lead to speciation.
Reproductive behavior is robust.
Reproductive behavior occurs underwater also.
Reproductive behaviors are important elements of evolutionary change.
Reproductive behaviors encompass a broad range of behaviors.
Reproductive behaviour is difficult to observe as it usually takes place when it is totally dark.
Reproductive biologists can help infertile couples have children.
Reproductive capabilities are extremely important starting out.
Reproductive capacity is the number of organisms of each age in a population.
A reproductive cell is a cell
Reproductive cells are almost entirely protein.
Reproductive cells attach to nets that are mounted in the sea.
Reproductive cells develop in protected sex organs and the plant body has a waxy cuticle.
Reproductive cells have a single flagellum at their base.
Reproductive choice ensures that women have the means for self determination and planned parenthood.
Reproductive choice has to be straightened out.
A reproductive cloning is a cloning
Reproductive cloning is expensive and highly inefficient.
Reproductive cloning is illegal.
Reproductive cloning is used to produce any particular type of animal desired.
Reproductive clonings are clonings.
Reproductive conditions are treated by a variety of specialists.
Reproductive consumerism is one potent force.
Reproductive cycles are controlled by a combination of environmental and hormonal cues.
Reproductive decisions are some of the most critical management decisions that a producer makes.
Reproductive development is oviparous.
Reproductive development slows to a halt during each winter season, and then resumes each spring.
Some reproductive diseases affect goats.
Reproductive disorder affects societies.
Most reproductive disorder affects societies.
Reproductive efficiency is always a challenge in high producing herds.
Reproductive efficiency is another key.
Reproductive efficiency is where hair sheep truly excel.
Reproductive efficiency relies on using all resources available.
Reproductive effort decreases antibody responsiveness.
Reproductive effort resulting in sterile hybrids represents a wastage of biological resources.
Reproductive efforts are the main goal of vegetable gardening.
Reproductive endocrinology is the basis of function, dysfunction, diagnosis and management.
Reproductive events are perhaps the most thermally-restricted of all life phases.
Some reproductive factors affect selections.
Some reproductive factors associate with menstruation.
Reproductive fitnesses contribute to diversity.
Reproductive fitnesses contribute to genetic diversity.
Most reproductive fitnesses contribute to diversity.
Most reproductive fitnesses contribute to genetic diversity.
Reproductive freedom is a basic right.
Reproductive freedom is a major first step toward voluntary human extinction.
Reproductive freedom is a matter of social justice .
Reproductive freedom is considered to be a privacy right.
Reproductive freedom is too crucial to be left to the state.
Reproductive freedom is under relentless, often violent attack.
Reproductive freedom means much more than just the right to an abortion.
Reproductive freedom means women can give birth to wanted' babies.
Reproductive freedom says to the woman, there are no consequences, there is no sin.
Reproductive growth is usually more sensitive to water stress than vegetative growth.
Reproductive growth occurs in legumes during all regrowth cycles.
Some reproductive habits make choices.
Reproductive hazards cause miscarriages and birth defects.
Some reproductive hazards can stop or slow the actual production of sperm.
Reproductive health depends on factors.
Reproductive health depends on many factors.
Reproductive health depends on such factors.
Reproductive health has characteristics.
Reproductive health has similar characteristics.
Reproductive health is no longer a taboo secret.
Reproductive health is the health of conjugal pairs who are able to have children.
Reproductive health means the health of the mother, the child, and the couple.
Reproductive health touches upon the most basic norms, values, and principles of society.
Most reproductive health depends on factors.
Most reproductive health depends on many factors.
Most reproductive health depends on such factors.
Most reproductive health has characteristics.
Most reproductive health has similar characteristics.
Reproductive hormones affect the development of the nervous system.
Reproductive hormones are critical to pregnancy success.
Reproductive hormones are important in the development of the breast in puberty and in lactation .
Reproductive hormones are important in the development of the breast in puberty and in lactation.
Reproductive hormones are one of the primary causes of breast cancer in the cat.
Reproductive hormones cause the cycles to start after puberty in sexually mature females.
Reproductive hormones contribute to fat in the legs and butt.
Reproductive hormones influence development.
Reproductive hormones seem to be suppressed.
Most reproductive hormones influence development.
Some reproductive hormones have effects on seemingly unrelated neurotransmitter pathways.
Reproductive inefficiency is one possible outcome.
Reproductive inequality is a men's rights issue.
Reproductive insufficiency is a major cause of reduced productivity for both dairy and beef cattle.
Reproductive isolation allows genetic differences between species to persist.
Reproductive isolation can arise through disruptive selection.
Reproductive isolation can lead to the development of two different species by behavioral.
Reproductive isolation defines species.
Reproductive isolation evolves without geographical isolation.
Reproductive isolation is a by product of adaptive selection during allopatry.
Reproductive isolation is an important species homeostatic mechanism.
Reproductive isolation is determined by the mutual affinity of organisms.
Reproductive isolation is enhanced by large decrements in heterozygote fitness.
Reproductive isolation is introduced as the essential process for understanding speciation.
Reproductive isolation is key to the development of individual species.
Reproductive isolation is more a case for degeneration than for evolution.
Reproductive isolation is the inability of formerly interbreeding organisms to produce offspring.
Reproductive isolation is usually a secondary consequence of divergence.
Reproductive isolation occurs without geographical isolation.
Reproductive loss occurs primarily through fertilization failure and early embryonic mortality.
Reproductive males have unique ornamentation on their first pair of abdominal limbs.
Reproductive management is vital to a successful meat goat enterprise.
Reproductive material is exchanged.
Reproductive maturity comes at a relatively old age, about twenty-five years.
Reproductive maturity is reached at four to six years in females and seven to nine years in males.
Reproductive maturity occurs at about two to three months of age.
Reproductive maturity occurs at seven to ten years .
Reproductive maturity occurs at seven to ten years.
Reproductive mortality is a more complete indicator of death in infancy.
Reproductive muscles weaken.
A reproductive organ is an organ
Reproductive organs are quite obvious.
Reproductive organs lie in a false coelom filled with fluid.
Reproductive organs undergo varying degrees of regressive changes.
Some reproductive organs consist of ovaries.
Reproductive outcome appears to correlate with the type and extent of the adhesions.
Reproductive output is likely to be timed to provide offspring the highest rates of survival.
Reproductive output is linked to dominance status among female long-tailed macaques.
Some reproductive output requires sources.
Some reproductive output shows patterns.
Reproductive parasites are diverse and very common.
Reproductive parts stick out, making flowers look somewhat fuzzy.
Reproductive peaks occur in late winter, early summer and mid-autumn.
Reproductive physiology investigates aspects of fertility and precocity.
Reproductive polyp becomes a medusa by budding off and has gonads to reproduce sexually.
Reproductive problems are the primary concern for birds suffering from mercury poisoning.
Reproductive problems are the primary concern for birds.
Reproductive problems include pain.
Reproductive problems include pelvic pain.
Some reproductive problems are faced by ancestors.
Some reproductive problems are faced by members.
Reproductive rate has a major economic impact on herd profitability.
Reproductive rate is defined as the number of live lambs born per ewe exposed for breeding.
Reproductive rate is the lowest recorded among North American land mammals.
Reproductive rates are low.
Reproductive right is so important in an individual life in and especially to women.
Reproductive rights are a subset of sexual and reproductive health and rights .
Reproductive rights are a vital part of a human rights agenda.
Reproductive rights are an important part of efforts to protect the environment.
Reproductive rights are central to our liberty and equality.
Reproductive rights are human rights.
Reproductive rights are legal rights related to reproduction and reproductive health .
Reproductive rights Continue from above.
Reproductive rights embrace existing human rights.
Reproductive rights includes the right to sex education and abortion services.
Reproductive rights seek to prevent such abuses.
Reproductive science is the science of creating life and providing solutions to infertility.
Reproductive sex is, by definition, the opposite of hot.
Reproductive shoots are easy to detect.
Reproductive specialists work in medical offices as part of a medical team or in private practice.
Reproductive specialists work in medical offices.
Reproductive specialists work in offices.
Most reproductive specialists work in medical offices.
Most reproductive specialists work in offices.
Some reproductive specialists help patients.
Reproductive status is determined by examining the genitalia.
Reproductive strategies are diverse within the subphylum and include both sexual and asexual cycles.
Reproductive strategies are the behaviours which maximize an individual's fitness.
Reproductive strategies vary greatly.
Some reproductive strategies enhance chances.
Some reproductive strategies enhance infant survival.
Some reproductive strategies enhance survival.
Some reproductive strategies require energy.
A reproductive structure is a plant organ
Reproductive structures are rare and confusing.
Some reproductive structures are formed by meiosis.
Some reproductive structures contain food.
Some reproductive structures look like cones.
Some reproductive structures produce spores.
Reproductive success depends on choices.
Reproductive success depends on mate choices.
Reproductive success depends on stability.
Reproductive success depends on the activity of the partners.
Reproductive success is a major determinant of the course of evolution.
Reproductive success is absolutely critical in the continuity of a species.
Reproductive success is generally subtler and depends on factors other than battle for mates.
Reproductive success is highly dependent on food availability.
Reproductive success is highly variable due to the unpredictable environment.
Reproductive success is mandatory to keep a species alive and going.
Reproductive success is one of the most important responsibility organisms have.
Reproductive success is reduced by even slight human disturbance.
Reproductive success is the fertility of the offspring produced by the organism.
Reproductive success reduces biodiversity.
Reproductive success seems to be low in virtually every colony.
Reproductive success selects genetic codes.
Most reproductive success depends on choices.
Most reproductive success depends on mate choices.
Most reproductive success depends on stability.
Most reproductive success reduces biodiversity.
Some reproductive success depends on quality food resources.
Some reproductive success depends on resources.
Reproductive surgery uses invasive procedures.
Reproductive surgery uses procedures.
Most reproductive surgery uses invasive procedures.
Most reproductive surgery uses procedures.
A reproductive system is a system
Reproductive system can vary much over the animal kingdom.
Reproductive system extends into the logn joints of the legs.
Reproductive system is much developed and a fertility rate is high to increase their number rapidly.
Reproductive systems are body parts.
Reproductive systems are solid objects.
Reproductive systems are systems.
Reproductive systems are well developed and usually hermaphroditic.
Reproductive systems change with age.
Reproductive systems have a basic pattern within the phylum, but many variations are found.
Some reproductive techniques involve injections.
Some reproductive techniques involve sperm injections.
Reproductive technologies are important because they can help people with deadly diseases.
Reproductive technologies are simply way out ahead of legal issues and ethical ones.
Reproductive technologies have the potential to change radically the nature of family and kinship.
Reproductive technologies have the potential to do amazing things with the right supervision.
Reproductive technologies is a controversial area.
Reproductive technology can be divisive.
Reproductive technology can help with infertility treatments.
Reproductive technology has effects.
Reproductive technology has opposite effects.
Reproductive technology helps biological fathers.
Reproductive technology helps fathers.
Reproductive technology holds great scientific fascination and enormous marketing appeal.
Reproductive technology improves chances.
Reproductive technology is a product of the male reality.
Reproductive technology is a very broad term and incorporates many different types of areas.
Reproductive technology plays roles.
Most reproductive technology has effects.
Most reproductive technology has opposite effects.
Most reproductive technology helps biological fathers.
Most reproductive technology helps fathers.
Most reproductive technology improves chances.
Most reproductive technology plays roles.
Some reproductive technology contributes to management.
Some reproductive technology makes arrangements.
Reproductive termites are vital for keeping the termite colony viable and successful.
Reproductive toxins can affect both men and women.
Reproductive toxins damage lungs.
Reproductive traits show little response to selection, but they can be improved by crossbreeding.
Most reproductive traits are less heritable than production traits, but still respond to selection.
Most reproductive units have only a single adult male, but a few have two or three.
Reproductive value models the tradeoffs between reproduction, growth, and survivorship.
Reproductive values emerge from the model rather than being assumed.
Reproductive whorls are completely absent.
Reprogrammable logic means the hardware is nothing more than software.
Reproof brings exposure of sin.
Reproof is criticism
Reproofs are hard to take in any case.
Reptile ancestors lose colour vision.
Reptile ancestors lose full colour vision.
Reptile ancestors lose vision.
Most reptile ancestors lose colour vision.
Most reptile ancestors lose full colour vision.
Most reptile ancestors lose vision.
Most reptile babies come from eggs.
Reptile breeders argue restrictions.
Most reptile breeders argue restrictions.
Some reptile hobbyists worry about hair impaction.
Reptile skin has glands.
Most reptile skin has glands.
Some reptile skin has keratin.
Most reptile stores carry crickets and they are relatively inexpensive.
Some reptile tanks have layers.
A reptile is a vertebrate
Reptile isa vertebrate.
Reptiles act as a source of salmonellosis.
Reptiles adapt to conditions.
Reptiles adapt to dry habitats.
Reptiles adapt to ecological niches.
Reptiles adapt to habitats.
Reptiles adapt to life in the sea, in the air, and on land.
Reptiles adapt to life.
Reptiles adapt to niches.
Reptiles adapt to terrestrial niches.
Reptiles also have a single bone in the middle ear, the stapes.
Reptiles also have one more type of excretion product, called urates or uric acid.
Reptiles also have scaly skin and a three chambered heart.
Reptiles also have their battles witness the combats between snake and mongoose.
Reptiles also have thick, scaly skin that resists water loss and efficient lungs.
Reptiles also have what is called an amniote egg.
Reptiles also radiate into the marine realm, becoming the first large air-breathing predators.
Reptiles also require cover objects.
Reptiles also show greater diversity in protective methods against their enemies.
Reptiles are , unable to generate their own heat, so they have a slow metabolic rate.
Reptiles are a class of animal with scaly skin.
Reptiles are a class of animals, made up of snakes, lizards, turtles, crocodilians and tuatara.
Reptiles are a favorite.
Reptiles are a group of animals that includes lizards , snakes , turtles , dinosaurs , and birds.
Reptiles are a paraphyletic group.
Reptiles are a very diverse animal class.
Reptiles are air-breathing from hatching onwards.
Reptiles are air-breathing vertebrates that have scaly skin and spend much of their time on land.
Reptiles are air-breathing vertebrates.
Reptiles are air-breathing, ectothermic vertebrates that have skin covered in scales.
Reptiles are all cold-blooded.
Reptiles are also a major target for wildlife smugglers.
Reptiles are also common and include rock iguanas, terrapins and turtles.
Reptiles are always so serious.
Reptiles are amniotes.
Reptiles are among the earliest earthly inhabitants.
Reptiles are animals like snakes and turtles.
Reptiles are animals.
Reptiles are born looking like smaller versions of their parents.
Reptiles are capable of adapting to extremely high temperatures because they are cold blooded.
Reptiles are cold blooded and the enzymes in their stomach are activated by heat.
Reptiles are cold blooded vertebrate animals.
Reptiles are cold but birds are warm blooded.
Reptiles are cold-blooded , and some have developed unusual strategies to absorb heat.
Reptiles are cold-blooded and breathe with lungs.
Reptiles are cold-blooded animals and heat is essential to their well being.
Reptiles are cold-blooded animals with bodies commonly encased in scales, although some are naked.
Reptiles are cold-blooded creatures that depend on behavior to regulate body temperature.
Reptiles are cold-blooded, air breathing animals.
Reptiles are cold-blooded, and birds are warmblooded.
Reptiles are cold-blooded, and their skin is usually covered with scales.
Reptiles are cold-blooded, breath air and have dry scales that usually cover their bodies.
Reptiles are cold-blooded, have skin covered with scales, and lay eggs.
Reptiles are cold-blooded, scaly skinned vertebrates.
Reptiles are cold-blooded, so their body temperature is controlled by their environment.
Reptiles are cold-blooded, they have scales, and they have a backbone.
Reptiles are cold-blooded.
Reptiles are common as well, including a dense population of cottonmouth snakes.
Reptiles are common.
Reptiles are covered in dry scales.
Reptiles are descendants of the massive dinosaurs.
Reptiles are different in many ways.
Reptiles are distinguished from snakes.
Reptiles are easy to care for.
Reptiles are ectothermic.
Reptiles are ectotherms and use behavioral adaptations to regulate their body temperature.
Reptiles are ectotherms, that is, animals whose main source of body heat comes from the environment.
Reptiles are ectotherms.
Reptiles are efficient predators, however in many occasions the predator becomes the prey.
Reptiles are especially well-adapted to survive in hot deserts.
Reptiles are groups of animals that breathe air, have scales on their bodies, and lay eggs.
Reptiles are happier when they can hide.
Reptiles are important components of the food webs in most ecosystems.
Reptiles are in abundance such a crocodile, African rock python, gecko lizards and many others.
Reptiles are larger, and amphibians are increasing in size and number of species.
Reptiles are likely to be most approachable when basking.
Reptiles are lizards.
Reptiles are located in ecosystems.
Reptiles are located in nature.
Reptiles are located in zoos.
Reptiles are masters of water and energy conservation.
Reptiles are modern-day animals related to the dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals.
Reptiles are more independent of their environ- ment than are amphibians.
Reptiles are more popular than ever.
Reptiles are more restricted in distribution.
Reptiles are numerous and lizards and snakes make their homes in the country's deserts.
Reptiles are often a misunderstood and feared group.
Reptiles are often misunderstood.
REptiles are one of the oldest living animals on earth.
Reptiles are out in full force.
Reptiles are particularly likely to harbor the bacteria.
Reptiles are physiologically incapable of having rabies, a definite advantage over dogs and cats.
Reptiles are plentiful, snakes and lizards being fairly frequently encountered.
Reptiles are poikilothermic.
Reptiles are pretty good at that.
Reptiles are probably the one animal group visitors most associate with desert habitats.
Reptiles are prone to the same type of health problems as mammals.
Reptiles are rare, once again, because of cold temperatures .
Reptiles are reptiles because they are different from other phylum's.
Reptiles are scale-bearing and again, many lay eggs.
Reptiles are slimy.
Reptiles are snakes.
Reptiles are terrestrial animals.
Reptiles are tetrapod vertebrates that produce amniotic eggs.
Reptiles are tetrapods and amniotes, which means their embryos are surrounded by a thin membrane.
Reptiles are tetrapods.
Reptiles are the ancestors and close relatives of the dinosaurs.
Reptiles are the fastest growing segment of the U.S. pet population.
Reptiles are vertebrate, or backboned, animals constituting the class Reptilia.
Reptiles are vertebrates that breathe air and are covered with scales rather than hair or feathers.
Reptiles are vertebrates that have a backbone with tough, dry skin covered with horny scales.
Reptiles are vertebrates.
Reptiles are very rewarding to keep, and they are gorgeous to look at.
Reptiles are wild animals.
Reptiles are wonderfully diverse in size, shape, color, and lifestyle.
Reptiles become abundant.
Reptiles become more diverse.
Reptiles begin spring activity.
Reptiles begin their lives as embryos in amniotic eggs.
Reptiles begin to emerge from winter dormancy and become more apparent by the end of the month.
Reptiles belong to the class Reptilia.
Reptiles belonging to Crocodilia are the closest living relatives of birds.
Reptiles breathe air.
Reptiles breathe in much the same way as humans do, inhaling and exhaling through their lungs.
Reptiles breathe through their lungs.
Reptiles breathe use lungs.
Reptiles breathe with lungs.
Reptiles bury eggs.
Reptiles can also live in habitats ranging from swamps to deserts .
Reptiles can also live on land because their leg positioning allows for more support.
Reptiles can also pick up some parasites from eating food items that contain parasites.
Reptiles can be lizards, snakes, crocodilians, turtles or tuataras.
Reptiles can be small or large, heavy or lightweight.
Reptiles can be very interesting and fun.
Reptiles can defend themselves from other animals in many ways.
Reptiles can float on rafts during storms.
Reptiles can make fascinating pets for the right kind of owner.
Reptiles can reproduce on dry land, because they have amniotic eggs and internal fertillization.
Reptiles capture their prey in different ways.
Reptiles carry bacteria.
Reptiles carry salmonella in their digestive tracts and frequently shed the bacteria in their feces.
Reptiles chew food.
Reptiles collect food.
Reptiles come from earth.
Reptiles come in all shapes and sizes, from tiny geckos to mammoth dinosaurs.
Reptiles come in size.
Reptiles commonly become victims of pathologies and injuries in captivity.
Reptiles conquer the land.
Reptiles constitute another important part of the fauna.
Reptiles consume rodents.
Reptiles continue growing all their lives.
Reptiles control their body temperature through thermoregulation.
Reptiles cope with conditions.
Reptiles depend on the air temperature to maintain their body heat.
Reptiles descend from ancestors.
Reptiles descend from common ancestors.
Reptiles descend from reptiles.
Reptiles develop efficient methods.
Reptiles develop lungs.
Reptiles develop methods.
Reptiles dig holes.
Reptiles digest food.
Reptiles display approximately the same annual activity cycle.
Reptiles do get sick, and preventing illness is definitely preferred to treatment.
Reptiles easily go into dormancy during warm months or hibernate in winter surviving on stored fat.
Reptiles eat amphibians for lunch.
Reptiles eat amphibians.
Reptiles eat animal food.
Reptiles eat animals.
Reptiles eat bullfrogs.
Reptiles eat food.
Reptiles eat insects.
Reptiles eat mammals.
Reptiles eat meals.
Reptiles eat other animals.
Reptiles eat plants.
Reptiles eat prey.
Reptiles eat rodents.
Reptiles emerge from eggs.
Reptiles emerge from environments.
Reptiles emerge from habitats.
Reptiles emerge from their eggs fully shaped.
Reptiles engage in fertilization.
Reptiles engage in internal fertilization.
Reptiles evolve long before mammals, and have a head start.
Reptiles excrete concentrate urine.
Reptiles excrete electrolytes.
Reptiles excrete excess electrolytes.
Reptiles excrete uric acid , which is semisolid and nontoxic.
Reptiles excrete urine.
Reptiles excrete waste.
Reptiles exist on earth.
Reptiles feed on grow plants.
Reptiles feed on live prey.
Reptiles feed on plants.
Reptiles feed on prey.
Reptiles found here include the midland painted turtle and the northern watersnake.
Reptiles gain heat.
Reptiles generally come and go as they please.
Reptiles generally deposit their eggs in nests.
Reptiles generally produce fewer eggs than amphibians.
Reptiles generally reproduce sexually, though some are capable of asexual reproduction.
Reptiles give birth to reptiles.
Reptiles go to water.
Reptiles grow slowly until they reach adult size and sexual maturity.
Reptiles has-part backs.
Reptiles has-part bones.
Reptiles has-part eyes.
Reptiles has-part feet.
Reptiles has-part glands.
Reptiles has-part jaws.
Reptiles has-part legs.
Reptiles has-part limbs.
Reptiles has-part mouths.
Reptiles has-part organs.
Reptiles has-part skin.
Reptiles has-part stomachs.
Reptiles has-part tails.
Reptiles has-part teeth.
Reptiles have (part) brains.
Reptiles have (part) breasts.
Reptiles have (part) cell membranes.
Reptiles have (part) cells.
Reptiles have (part) chest cavities.
Reptiles have (part) chests.
Reptiles have (part) corpi.
Reptiles have (part) cytoplasm.
Reptiles have (part) ears.
Reptiles have (part) faces.
Reptiles have (part) heads.
Reptiles have (part) nuclei.
Reptiles have (part) pedal extremities.
Reptiles have (part) plasma membranes.
Reptiles have (part) rib cages.
Reptiles have (part) sections.
Reptiles have (part) skulls.
Reptiles have (part) sterna.
Reptiles have (part) vacuoles.
Reptiles have (part) vertebrate feet.
Reptiles have a billows-style lung where the air entering the lungs mixes with the air exiting.
Reptiles have a body temperature that is the same as their surroundings.
Reptiles have a copulatory organ permiting internal fertilization, necessary for a shelled egg.
Reptiles have a different type of scale altogether, made of keratin, or horn.
Reptiles have a dry skin , usually protected by scales .
Reptiles have a dry skin, usually protected by scales.
Reptiles have a general competitive advantage over amphibians.
Reptiles have a high rate of salmonella infection.
Reptiles have a more efficient circulatory system and higher blood pressure than amphibians.
Reptiles have a more efficient circulatory system and higher blood pressures than amphibians.
Reptiles have a much larger number of individual bones in their skulls than do mammals.
Reptiles have a rather thick integument with few glands and many scales.
Reptiles have a scaly skin that is resistant to drying.
Reptiles have a semi-improved posture .
Reptiles have a similar, but much simpler, structure.
Reptiles have a thick, scaly skin that is keratinized and impermeable to water.
Reptiles have a tiny brain contained inside a small bony box at the back of the skull.
Reptiles have a two-chambered heart.
Reptiles have a very similar immun system structure.
Reptiles have an interesting and captivating approach to everything they do.
Reptiles have anaerobic capacity.
Reptiles have backs.
Reptiles have blood.
Reptiles have bodies that are covered with dry scales, are cold-blooded, and lay leathery eggs.
Reptiles have body temperature.
Reptiles have bones.
Reptiles have brains.
Reptiles have breaths.
Reptiles have capacity.
Reptiles have complex yet highly stereotyped and species-characteristic behavior patterns.
Reptiles have complex, shelled eggs similar to a bird's, which are laid on land.
Reptiles have diets.
Reptiles have different requirements.
Reptiles have dry and scaly skin, whereas amphibians feel moist and sometimes rather sticky.
Reptiles have dry covered skin, and most lay eggs.
Reptiles have dry scaly skin and spend all of their lives on land.
Reptiles have dry scaly skin.
Reptiles have dry skin and scales, and include snakes, lizards and turtles.
Reptiles have dry skin.
Reptiles have dry, scale covered skin, three-chambered hearts, and fertilize internally.
Reptiles have dry, scaley skin while amphibians have smooth, moist skin.
Reptiles have dry, scaly skin and lay shelled eggs in dry locations.
Reptiles have ears.
Reptiles have efficient water conservation.
Reptiles have even a lower ratio of domestication.
Reptiles have external ears.
Reptiles have eyes.
Reptiles have feet.
Reptiles have few natural predators.
Reptiles have flat heads.
Reptiles have glands.
Reptiles have glomeruluses.
Reptiles have guts.
Reptiles have heads.
Reptiles have hearts.
Reptiles have high anaerobic capacity.
Reptiles have high capacity.
Reptiles have inner skeletons.
Reptiles have internal fertilization.
Reptiles have legs.
Reptiles have limbs.
Reptiles have lungs.
Reptiles have meat.
Reptiles have mouths.
Reptiles have natural predators.
Reptiles have no such dental pattern.
Reptiles have noses.
Reptiles have organs.
Reptiles have origins.
Reptiles have poison glands.
Reptiles have population size.
Reptiles have predators.
Reptiles have requirements.
Reptiles have scales and are dry to the touch.
Reptiles have scales instead of skin, and have forked tongues.
Reptiles have scales or plates.
Reptiles have scales, which act as a sort of armor to physically defend the body.
Reptiles have scaly skin and are cold blooded- snakes, lizards.
Reptiles have scaly skin, breathe air with lungs, and have a three-chambered heart.
Reptiles have scaly skin.
Reptiles have senses.
Reptiles have seven bones in the lower jaw.
Reptiles have six bones in each half of the lower jaw.
Reptiles have size.
Reptiles have skeletons.
Reptiles have skin.
Reptiles have skulls.
Reptiles have smooth, dry skin.
Reptiles have soft skin.
Reptiles have some form of copulatory organ permitting internal fertilization.
Reptiles have some form of copulatory organ, permitting internal fertilization.
Reptiles have strong teeth.
Reptiles have teeth.
Reptiles have temperature.
Reptiles have thin skin.
Reptiles have three digits that match with the middle finger, index finger, and thumb of a human.
Reptiles have tough, dry, scaly skin offering protection against desiccation and physical injury.
Reptiles have twelve cranial nerve pairs.
Reptiles have undifferentiated teeth whereas mammals have differentiated teeth.
Reptiles have various adaptations to protect themselves from predators.
Reptiles have very similar life cycles to fish, birds and to a lesser degree mammals.
Reptiles have vestigial limbs.
Reptiles hear by detecting vibrations both in the air and in the ground.
Reptiles hibernate in the winter.
Reptiles hibernate in winter by burrowing themselves deep into the ground or sliding between rocks .
Reptiles hold breaths.
Reptiles hunt herbivores.
Reptiles hunt prey.
Reptiles include chameleons.
Reptiles include herbivores.
Reptiles include lizards.
Reptiles include salamanders.
Reptiles include snakes.
Reptiles include turtles.
Reptiles including a variety of snakes reside here.
Reptiles keep their bodies warm and cold by shifting between two different environments.
Reptiles kill prey.
Reptiles lay eggs on land, and the babies hatch from the eggs.
Reptiles lay eggs protected by leathery shells.
Reptiles lay eggs.
Reptiles lay few eggs and provide some parental care.
Reptiles Learn about turtles, lizards, snakes and other reptiles.
Reptiles lie in sun taking in the heat.
Reptiles like to lie and bask in the sun on cold winter's days.
Reptiles live all over the world, except in Antarctica.
Reptiles live during time.
Reptiles live in a variety of environments, from moist and cool to dry and hot.
Reptiles live in cold temperate regions.
Reptiles live in cold temperate zones.
Reptiles live in dry habitats.
Reptiles live in earth.
Reptiles live in environments.
Reptiles live in habitats.
Reptiles live in marsh.
Reptiles live in Mexico.
Reptiles live in ranges.
Reptiles live in regions.
Reptiles live in temperate regions.
Reptiles live in temperate zones.
Reptiles live in zones.
Reptiles live on earth.
Reptiles live on food.
Reptiles live on land.
Reptiles live over years.
Reptiles look like lizards.
Reptiles look more natural and feel livelier in an outdoor-like setting of a fresh air habitat.
Reptiles love live mealworms and are a staple of many reptile diets.
Reptiles make appearances.
Reptiles make eggs.
Reptiles make noise.
Reptiles meet fate.
Reptiles metabolize substances at different rates than do mammals and birds.
Reptiles molt as they grow.
Reptiles need light.
Reptiles normally take longer to dry and are more susceptible to shrinkage.
Reptiles Note five vertebral regions, cervical, thoracic, lumbar, sacral and caudal.
Reptiles open mouths.
Reptiles perform attacks.
Reptiles possess a variety of glands, although their function is poorly understood.
Reptiles possess bodies.
Reptiles possess bones.
Reptiles possess both amnion and allantois.
Reptiles possess cells.
Reptiles possess characteristics.
Reptiles possess diets.
Reptiles possess features.
Reptiles possess food.
Reptiles possess limbs.
Reptiles possess mammalian characteristics.
Reptiles possess membranes.
Reptiles possess metabolism.
Reptiles possess several characteristics.
Reptiles possess sprawl limbs.
Reptiles possess teeth.
Reptiles possess yet another marvelous terrestrial adaptation, the amniotic egg.
Reptiles prey on animals.
Reptiles produce a type of concentrated urate instead of our normal liquid waste to excrete ammonia.
Reptiles produce amniotic .
Reptiles produce uric acid which is excreted as a substance non-soluble to water or even as a solid.
Reptiles range in size considerably.
Reptiles reach long and p understanding sea turtle project second singer soup predators leatherback.
Reptiles reach maturity.
Reptiles reach sexual maturity.
Reptiles regulate body temperature.
Reptiles regulate temperature.
Reptiles relate to animals.
Reptiles relate to dinosaurs.
Reptiles relate to predators.
Reptiles replace their scales throughout their lifetimes.
Reptiles replace their teeth continuously throughout their life.
Reptiles reproduce by laying eggs with shells.
Reptiles reproduce by laying their eggs on dry land.
Reptiles require access to direct sunlight or artificial light at all times.
Reptiles require environments.
Reptiles require food.
Reptiles require heat.
Reptiles require little attention on a daily basis.
Reptiles require meals.
Reptiles require much time and energy.
Reptiles require warmth, coolness and humidity to thrive.
Reptiles require water.
Reptiles resemble crocodiles.
Reptiles resemble dinosaurs.
Reptiles resemble giant lizards.
Reptiles resemble lizards.
Reptiles retain skin.
Reptiles roam earth.
Reptiles roam ground.
Reptiles seek food.
Reptiles seek prey.
Reptiles seek water.
Reptiles seem to do very well in the heat.
Reptiles serve as food.
Reptiles serve as predators.
Reptiles share characteristics.
Reptiles share follow characteristics.
Reptiles share habitats.
Reptiles share several similarity.
Reptiles share similarity.
Reptiles shed skin.
Reptiles show brain development.
Reptiles show development.
Reptiles show much greater tolerance to low humidity and saline waters.
Reptiles show variability.
Reptiles stand on legs.
Reptiles survive climates.
Reptiles survive harsh climates.
Reptiles take on the temperature of their environment.
Reptiles tend to be laid back, and are usually cooperative.
Reptiles tend to take very long good naps after they eat.
Reptiles thrive in deserts.
Reptiles thrive in ecosystems.
Reptiles thrive in wetland.
Reptiles typically derive their internal body temperatures from the substrate and sunlight.
Reptiles undergo a cycle of development that is like many other animals.
Reptiles undoubtably play an important role in the proper functioning of the regional ecosystem.
Reptiles use colons.
Reptiles use keratin to waterproof.
Reptiles use lungs.
Reptiles use their lungs for breathing.
Reptiles use various forms of locomotion to move from place to place.
Reptiles warm themselves mainly by behavioural adaptation.
Reptiles warn of obstacles, in particular snakes, which warn of arguments.
Reptiles often arrive at pet stores emaciated, dehydrated, wounded, and infected with parasites.
Reptiles often display elaborate or unusual courtship behaviors prior to mating.
Reptiles often possess at least two pigments.
Reptiles often react based on instinct.
Reptiles usually hibernate in winter.
All reptiles are cold-blooded.
All reptiles are supposed to have developed from the stem reptiles, the cotylosaurs.
All reptiles breathe with lungs.
All reptiles carry salmonella, a serious, but easily preventable illness.
All reptiles carry various strains of salmonella as part of their natural gut flora.
All reptiles hatch from eggs whether in or outside of the body.
All reptiles have a single bone in the ear and on average six bones on each side of the lower jaw.
All reptiles have a three-chambered heart.
All reptiles have advanced eyesight.
All reptiles have backbones and bodies covered with dry scales.
All reptiles have four legs.
All reptiles have more than one bone in their jaws.
All reptiles have one, so they have feelings.
All reptiles have one, so they likely have feelings.
All reptiles have scaly skin, breath air with lungs, and have a three-chambered heart.
All reptiles have scaly skin.
All reptiles produce eggs with a waterproof shell full of amniotic fluid.
All reptiles produce salmonella naturally and can transmit infections to humans.
Many reptiles also live here, such as the alligator-like cayman, and rattlesnakes.
Many reptiles also show a strong preference for eliminating into their water dishes.
Many reptiles are ectothermic.
Many reptiles begin dispersing immediately after hatching, which also results in mortality peaks.
Many reptiles benefit from vitamins in the water.
Many reptiles can live a long life when properly cared for.
Many reptiles carry some salmonella.
Many reptiles die within their first year of life.
Many reptiles display mating rituals.
Many reptiles follow a daily routine which also includes eliminating.
Many reptiles have a reputation for being very long-lived, and crocodiles are no exception.
Many reptiles have an opening - the parietal foramen which houses the parietal eye.
Many reptiles have different requirements when it comes to lighting.
Many reptiles have other adaptations for life in a dry environment.
Many reptiles have temperature-dependent sex determination .
Many reptiles have temperature-dependent sex determination.
Many reptiles have three sacrals, a few as many as eight or nine.
Many reptiles hide, or are camouflaged to blend in with their surroundings.
Many reptiles including turtles are herbivores and carnivores.
Many reptiles rely on rocks and logs for shelter.
Many reptiles spend most of their time on land, but some spend a great deal of time in the water.
Many reptiles turn a darker colour when basking in order to absorb the sun's warmth better.
Most reptiles absorb a lot of vitamins through their skin.
Most reptiles adapt to conditions.
Most reptiles adapt to dry habitats.
Most reptiles adapt to ecological niches.
Most reptiles adapt to habitats.
Most reptiles adapt to life.
Most reptiles adapt to niches.
Most reptiles adapt to terrestrial niches.
Most reptiles also lay eggs but their eggs are fertilised internally.
Most reptiles are active predators.
Most reptiles are also camoflauged, and have a simmilar bone structure as birds.
Most reptiles are carnivores that feed on small invertebrates, mammals and reptiles.
Most reptiles are carnivores though there are a view omnivores and herbivores.
Most reptiles are carnivorous and feed on mammals, birds, other reptiles, fish, insects and eggs.
Most reptiles are distinguished from snakes.
Most reptiles are egg-layers, although some produce live young.
Most reptiles are inexpensive.
Most reptiles are located in ecosystems.
Most reptiles are located in nature.
Most reptiles are oviparous but there are exceptions.
Most reptiles are perceived as slimy , nasty creatures .
Most reptiles are perceived as slimy, nasty creatures.
Most reptiles are predators which means they eat other animals to survive.
Most reptiles are solitary by nature.
Most reptiles are terrestrial, but a few are aquatic.
Most reptiles carry bacteria.
Most reptiles chew food.
Most reptiles collect food.
Most reptiles come from earth.
Most reptiles come in size.
Most reptiles cope with conditions.
Most reptiles descend from ancestors.
Most reptiles descend from common ancestors.
Most reptiles descend from reptiles.
Most reptiles develop efficient methods.
Most reptiles develop lungs.
Most reptiles develop methods.
Most reptiles eat animal food.
Most reptiles eat animals.
Most reptiles eat bullfrogs.
Most reptiles eat food.
Most reptiles eat insects.
Most reptiles eat mammals.
Most reptiles eat meals.
Most reptiles eat other animals, however some lizards and turtles eat mainly plants.
Most reptiles eat other animals.
Most reptiles eat plants.
Most reptiles eat prey.
Most reptiles eat their prey as a whole.
Most reptiles emerge from eggs.
Most reptiles emerge from environments.
Most reptiles emerge from habitats.
Most reptiles engage in fertilization.
Most reptiles excrete concentrate urine.
Most reptiles excrete electrolytes.
Most reptiles excrete excess electrolytes.
Most reptiles excrete uric acid.
Most reptiles excrete urine.
Most reptiles excrete waste.
Most reptiles exist on earth.
Most reptiles feed on grow plants.
Most reptiles feed on live prey.
Most reptiles feed on plants.
Most reptiles feed on prey.
Most reptiles feel cold to our touch, while mammals and birds often feel warm.
Most reptiles gain heat.
Most reptiles give birth to reptiles.
Most reptiles go to water.
Most reptiles has-part backs.
Most reptiles has-part bones.
Most reptiles has-part eyes.
Most reptiles has-part feet.
Most reptiles has-part glands.
Most reptiles has-part jaws.
Most reptiles has-part legs.
Most reptiles has-part limbs.
Most reptiles has-part mouths.
Most reptiles has-part organs.
Most reptiles has-part skin.
Most reptiles has-part stomachs.
Most reptiles has-part tails.
Most reptiles has-part teeth.
Most reptiles have a good sense of vision.
Most reptiles have a nearly four-chambered heart.
Most reptiles have a three-chambered heart.
Most reptiles have anaerobic capacity.
Most reptiles have backs.
Most reptiles have blood.
Most reptiles have body temperature.
Most reptiles have bones.
Most reptiles have brains.
Most reptiles have breaths.
Most reptiles have capacity.
Most reptiles have diets.
Most reptiles have different requirements.
Most reptiles have dry scaly skin.
Most reptiles have dry skin.
Most reptiles have ears.
Most reptiles have external ears.
Most reptiles have eyes.
Most reptiles have feet.
Most reptiles have few natural predators.
Most reptiles have flat heads.
Most reptiles have glands.
Most reptiles have glomeruluses.
Most reptiles have guts.
Most reptiles have heads.
Most reptiles have hearts.
Most reptiles have high anaerobic capacity.
Most reptiles have high capacity.
Most reptiles have inner skeletons.
Most reptiles have legs.
Most reptiles have limbs.
Most reptiles have lungs.
Most reptiles have meat.
Most reptiles have mouths.
Most reptiles have natural predators.
Most reptiles have noses.
Most reptiles have organs.
Most reptiles have origins.
Most reptiles have poison glands.
Most reptiles have population size.
Most reptiles have predators.
Most reptiles have requirements.
Most reptiles have scaly skin.
Most reptiles have senses.
Most reptiles have size.
Most reptiles have skeletons.
Most reptiles have skin.
Most reptiles have soft skin.
Most reptiles have strong teeth.
Most reptiles have teeth, except for turtles, and most lay eggs . . .
Most reptiles have teeth.
Most reptiles have temperature.
Most reptiles have thin skin.
Most reptiles have vestigial limbs.
Most reptiles hold breaths.
Most reptiles kill prey.
Most reptiles live during time.
Most reptiles live in cold temperate regions.
Most reptiles live in cold temperate zones.
Most reptiles live in dry habitats.
Most reptiles live in earth.
Most reptiles live in environments.
Most reptiles live in habitats.
Most reptiles live in marsh.
Most reptiles live in Mexico.
Most reptiles live in ranges.
Most reptiles live in regions.
Most reptiles live in temperate regions.
Most reptiles live in temperate zones.
Most reptiles live in zones.
Most reptiles live on earth.
Most reptiles live on food.
Most reptiles live on land all their lives.
Most reptiles live on land and reproduce by laying eggs.
Most reptiles live on land, but turtles, crocodiles, and some snakes live in water.
Most reptiles live over years.
Most reptiles look like lizards.
Most reptiles love to be misted with a water bottle.
Most reptiles make appearances.
Most reptiles make eggs.
Most reptiles make noise.
Most reptiles meet fate.
Most reptiles originate from either tropical or desert environments therefore, heating is essential.
Most reptiles perform attacks.
Most reptiles possess bodies.
Most reptiles possess bones.
Most reptiles possess diets.
Most reptiles possess features.
Most reptiles possess food.
Most reptiles possess mammalian characteristics.
Most reptiles possess membranes.
Most reptiles possess metabolism.
Most reptiles possess several characteristics.
Most reptiles possess sprawl limbs.
Most reptiles possess teeth.
Most reptiles produce firm eggs when they are laid, tegu eggs are dented and soft.
Most reptiles reach maturity.
Most reptiles reach sexual maturity.
Most reptiles regulate body temperature.
Most reptiles regulate temperature.
Most reptiles relate to animals.
Most reptiles relate to dinosaurs.
Most reptiles relate to predators.
Most reptiles reproduce sexually, though some are capable of asexual reproduction .
Most reptiles reproduce sexually.
Most reptiles require environments.
Most reptiles require food.
Most reptiles require heat.
Most reptiles require meals.
Most reptiles require water.
Most reptiles resemble crocodiles.
Most reptiles resemble dinosaurs.
Most reptiles resemble giant lizards.
Most reptiles resemble lizards.
Most reptiles retain skin.
Most reptiles seek food.
Most reptiles seek prey.
Most reptiles seek water.
Most reptiles serve as food.
Most reptiles serve as predators.
Most reptiles share several similarity.
Most reptiles show brain development.
Most reptiles show development.
Most reptiles show variability.
Most reptiles stand on legs.
Most reptiles survive climates.
Most reptiles survive harsh climates.
Most reptiles thrive in deserts.
Most reptiles thrive in ecosystems.
Most reptiles thrive in wetland.
Most reptiles use colons.
Most reptiles use external heat sources for temperature regulation, and are ectothermic.
Most reptiles use lungs.
Some reptiles actually live in the ocean.
Some reptiles affect hatch success.
Some reptiles affect success.
Some reptiles also have bony plates or nodules formed and lying within the dermis.
Some reptiles also require light misting daily.
Some reptiles appear in regions.
Some reptiles appear in sea.
Some reptiles are escape artists, so ensure that their cages are securely enclosed.
Some reptiles are evolved from fish.
Some reptiles are known as snakes.
Some reptiles are located in Iowa.
Some reptiles are located in islands.
Some reptiles are located in stones.
Some reptiles are located in Wisconsin.
Some reptiles are more closely related to birds than they are to other reptiles.
Some reptiles are oviparous and others viviparous while some are both.
Some reptiles are snakes.
Some reptiles become dominant land vertebrates.
Some reptiles become dominant vertebrates.
Some reptiles become fathers.
Some reptiles become land vertebrates.
Some reptiles become mammals.
Some reptiles become vertebrates.
Some reptiles can convert radiation directly to heat, that is why lizards sun themselves.
Some reptiles can develop a urinary tract infection.
Some reptiles can hibernate for months and years at a time without suffering adverse effects.
Some reptiles can live as long as thirty years.
Some reptiles carry salmonellas.
Some reptiles conserve water.
Some reptiles continue to grow throughout their lives.
Some reptiles depend on eggs.
Some reptiles depend on wetland.
Some reptiles detect heat radiation.
Some reptiles detect radiation.
Some reptiles do likewise.
Some reptiles eat animals, and others eat plants.
Some reptiles eat fish.
Some reptiles emerge from Africa.
Some reptiles emerge from forests.
Some reptiles emerge from ground.
Some reptiles emerge from parks.
Some reptiles emerge from regions.
Some reptiles escape city sewers.
Some reptiles escape sewers.
Some reptiles evolve from amphibian ancestors.
Some reptiles evolve from amphibians.
Some reptiles evolve from ancestors.
Some reptiles evolve from common ancestors.
Some reptiles evolve into reptiles.
Some reptiles exploit environments.
Some reptiles exploit terrestrial environments.
Some reptiles face problems.
Some reptiles find food.
Some reptiles find in grassland.
Some reptiles flourish around swamps, streams, and marshes in order to keep their bodies moist.
Some reptiles give birth to animals.
Some reptiles give birth to live young and some reproduce asexually by parthenogenesis .
Some reptiles give birth to predators.
Some reptiles give birth to snakes.
Some reptiles grab opponents.
Some reptiles has-part cartilages.
Some reptiles have a degree of physiological regulation.
Some reptiles have acid.
Some reptiles have cerebrums.
Some reptiles have claws.
Some reptiles have crests.
Some reptiles have designs.
Some reptiles have diversity.
Some reptiles have fairly short life spans.
Some reptiles have fertilization.
Some reptiles have health problems.
Some reptiles have holes.
Some reptiles have internal fertilization.
Some reptiles have long tails.
Some reptiles have much time.
Some reptiles have partial separation of the ventricle.
Some reptiles have penises.
Some reptiles have potential.
Some reptiles have problems.
Some reptiles have small holes.
Some reptiles have snakes.
Some reptiles have tails.
Some reptiles have time.
Some reptiles have tubes.
Some reptiles have twin tubes.
Some reptiles help scientists.
Some reptiles hide in forests.
Some reptiles hide in weeds.
Some reptiles inhabit coasts.
Some reptiles inhabit island coasts.
Some reptiles inhabit sea.
Some reptiles inhabit subtropical sea.
Some reptiles keep their eggs in their babies until they hatch.
Some reptiles kick opponents.
Some reptiles kill rats.
Some reptiles know as theropods.
Some reptiles live during early periods.
Some reptiles live during periods.
Some reptiles live for decades.
Some reptiles live in Afghanistan.
Some reptiles live in Africa.
Some reptiles live in deserts.
Some reptiles live in districts.
Some reptiles live in dunes.
Some reptiles live in forests.
Some reptiles live in fresh water.
Some reptiles live in ground.
Some reptiles live in Kansas.
Some reptiles live in parks.
Some reptiles live in riverbanks.
Some reptiles live in rivers.
Some reptiles live in sea.
Some reptiles live in sewers.
Some reptiles live in south american rivers.
Some reptiles live in streams.
Some reptiles live in Texas.
Some reptiles live in towns.
Some reptiles live in water.
Some reptiles live in Wisconsin.
Some reptiles live on ground.
Some reptiles live on islands.
Some reptiles live on rivers.
Some reptiles maintain body temperature.
Some reptiles maintain constant body temperature.
Some reptiles maintain constant temperature.
Some reptiles maintain temperature.
Some reptiles pose hazards.
Some reptiles pose threats.
Some reptiles possess ancestry.
Some reptiles possess gills.
Some reptiles possess holes.
Some reptiles possess shells.
Some reptiles produce body heat.
Some reptiles produce heat.
Some reptiles produce own body heat.
Some reptiles produce poison.
Some reptiles provide care for their young.
Some reptiles relate to lizards.
Some reptiles rely on fertilization.
Some reptiles rely on internal fertilization.
Some reptiles require care.
Some reptiles require complete privacy to eat.
Some reptiles require extensive parental care.
Some reptiles require habitats.
Some reptiles require parental care.
Some reptiles rest on islands.
Some reptiles return to sea.
Some reptiles seek eggs.
Some reptiles seek meals.
Some reptiles seek pretty meanwhile custom, instead goods sew nobody.
Some reptiles seize fish.
Some reptiles show variation.
Some reptiles sit in sand.
Some reptiles sit on stones.
Some reptiles sit on windows.
Some reptiles suffer burns.
Some reptiles suffer severe burns.
Some reptiles swim in sea.
Some reptiles threaten ecosystems.
Some reptiles thrive in environments.
Some reptiles use cavities.
Some reptiles vary in body shapes.
Some reptiles vary in shapes.
Some reptiles wait for prey.
Some reptiles walk on legs.
Some reptiles watch amphibians.
Reptilian aliens are another story.
Reptilian beings have no body or facial hair.
Reptilian eggs have porous shells and large amounts of yolk.
Reptilian jaws are efficient for crushing or gripping prey.
Reptilian respiration is entirely different, more like that in mammals.
A reptilian is a vertebrate
Reptilians carry their sex organs internally and reproduce by eggs hatched by solar heat.
Republic County is a strong agricultural county with significant livestock and crop production.
Republic County offers a full benefit package.
Republic Square is in the center of the city and is dominated by government buildings.
Republic Square offers a tree lined respite from the construction currently renovating downtown.
A republic is a political system
Republic establishes a relationship of mutual trust and confidence.
Republic isa social group.
Republic pulls out of competition at year end.
Republics allow the exceptional to shape the destiny of their nations.
Republics answer to the people.
Republics are also divided into three classes.
Republics are another and less perfect form of self government.
Republics are books.
Republics are in essence the same.
Republics are inevitably ungrateful.
Republics are political parties.
Republics are political systems.
Many republics have two elected leaders, usually a prime minister and a president.
Some republics lead to destruction.
Republican activists love it.
Republican aides attribute the goof to a photocopying error.
Republican army begins to collapse.
Republican bulls sit up and take notice.
Republican campaigns do better when they elevate the terms of debate to higher ground.
Republican candidates remain divided on the deployment of ground forces.
Republican candidates think of the contest as a split-level house.
Republican candidates use the larger surplus projections to justify massive tax cuts.
Republican cobblers are good at making shoes that fit a person's right foot.
Republican congressmen are, for the most part, neither fools nor knaves.
Republican conservatives are now beside themselves.
Republican conservatives contend the buyouts are far too generous.
Republican conservatives seek more assertive policies in dealing with North Korea, Iraq and China.
Republican critics call it a deathwatch.
Republican critics say Indonesia was given special treatment.
Republican drool floods the street.
Republican fanatics claim their nominees have been mistreated.
Republican Gifts Buy watches, umbrellas, jewelry and more with the elephant logo.
Republican government can exist only in a narrow territory.
Republican government is founded on popular sovereignty.
Republican government is generally superior to other forms of government.
Republican government moves from Valencia to Barcelona.
Republican governments replace royal and proprietary rule.
Republican hawks define vital interests as oil, economic gain, and political and military power.
Many Republican hawks oppose it.
Republican hopes are Democratic fears.
Some Republican hopefuls are no better.
Republican identification is roughly stable.
Republican insiders have a different take.
Republican instinct opposes it.
Republican lawmakers are cool to the idea of the state buying the transmission lines.
Republican lawmakers favor outside, independent reviews, instead of lawyers, to handle complaints.
Republican lawmakers have their own concerns with the upcoming policy.
Republican lawmakers oppose collective bargaining for state workers.
Republican lawmakers remain skeptical.
Republican lawmakers say the policy is a complete failure.
Republican lawmakers say they are willing to help faltering schools, too.
Republican lawmakers say they support encouraging parents to save for college.
Most Republican lawmakers seem preoccupied with the state's tight financial straits.
Some Republican lawmakers feel it's morally wrong for the state to endorse homosexuality in any way.
Republican leaders can only hold their tongues and shake their heads.
Republican leaders deny it.
Republican leaders favor a constitutional amendment to ensure enforcement.
Republican leaders have a habit of betraying their followers and their declared principles.
Republican leaders have decided on no such thing, thank goodness.
Republican leaders have no great love for church-state separation.
Republican leaders have similar proposals.
Republican leaders have yet to be heard from.
Republican leaders have yet to offer their proposal.
Republican leaders hope to pass that bill by next week.
Republican leaders occupy no higher plane of merit.
Republican leaders say the idea is good.
Republican leaders say they're taking steps to make some other proceedings more open.
Most Republican leaders oppose tampering with marketing loan caps.
Some Republican leaders are slow to get the message.
Republican leadership works for Texas.
Republican legislators expect many of their Democratic colleagues to back it.
Republican legislators have an interest in retaining three of the five districts.
Some Republican legislators think the state is too bureaucratic in controlling development.
Republican members are like members of the same religion.
Republican nations turn into polyglot empires.
Republican observers say they plan to monitor the review closely.
Republican parents have no problem buying their kids toy guns.
Republican parents have no problem buying toy guns for their kids.
Republican partisans are particularly resentful of the attempt to exclude overseas military ballots.
Republican party is organized.
Republican plans gut progressivity under the guise of fairness.
Republican plans meet individual needs.
Republican plans provide choice for individuals.
Republican policies are therefore disastrously wrong-headed.
Republican politicians continue to push flat income tax proposals.
Many Republican politicians complain off the record about party rhetoric on social issues.
Republican polls show the same thing.
Republican principles advocate limited government intrusion into the lives of the American people.
Republican prisoners starve themselves to death for political status.
Republican problems go deeper than that, however.
All republican proposals fail on all three bases.
Republican representatives vote with the CC agenda more often than Democratic representatives.
Republican senators are in a bind.
Republican Senators require a daily ration of abuse.
Republican strategists are certainly aware of the danger.
Some Republican strategists are mad and say it does nothing.
Republican strength lies more in the growing areas to the west than in older areas in Bergen County.
Republican support is crucial because the bill needs a two-thirds majority to pass.
Republican turf is an emphasis on family and morality with an emphasis on opportunity.
Republican units are harder.
Republican voters are just way out ahead of the party on environmental issues.
Republican voters go to the polls in consistently higher percentages than democratic voters.
Republican voters have a right to know their nominee.
Republican voters use words such as integrity and trust when describing their candidate of choice.
Republican women can set the example.
Republican women have a great deal to celebrate.
Republican women make great leaders.
All Republican women are welcome.
A republican is an advocate
Republicans accept two legal donations.
Republicans acknowledge they are in for a fight.
Republicans actively discourage burning the flag.
Republicans also appear to be looking into fund-raising allegations against the president.
Republicans also are picky.
Republicans also are worried about confirmation of the president's judicial nominees.
Republicans also argue that using adjusted figures for redistricting is banned by the Constitution.
Republicans also believe costs can be paired back for social programs.
Republicans also believe the government has an obligation to uphold the morality of it's citizens.
Republicans also benefit from the number of officials in key state jobs.
Republicans also emphasize their support for the promise of assistive technology.
Republicans also expect to support increases in special education funding.
Republicans also face a community greatly influenced by the church when it comes to social issues.
Republicans also have a lock on the congressional and state assembly and senate seats.
Republicans also have more faith in laws that are already on the books.
Republicans also have their share of revisionists.
Republicans also intend to increase defense and domestic spending by cutting other programs.
Republicans also oppose the plan to mandate school construction projects abide by union rates.
Republicans also promote free enterprise.
Republicans also refuse to end the scam of foreign aid.
Republicans also run into translation problems.
Republicans also seem intent on believing that political nirvana is just one governor's race away.
Republicans also support holding teachers accountable by implementing performance-based pay.
Republicans also take over control of the standing committees and have named new committee chairs.
Republicans also use fiscal gimmicks to help make their budget balance.
Republicans are a conservative party.
Republicans are advocates.
Republicans are afraid of the political cost of high energy prices.
Republicans are afraid of their shadow, their shadow government.
Republicans are afraid that somebody somewhere is having fun.
Republicans are against government controls on businessmen.
Republicans are against it.
Republicans are all but certain to recruit a quality challenger.
Republicans are always bigots, and bigots are always white.
Republicans are always halfway down the slippery slope, scrabbling for a fixed handhold.
Republicans are always strong law and order advocates.
Republicans are anti-poor.
Republicans are apt to overtrain and try to run through their injuries.
Republicans are bad.
Republicans are bored by it.
Republicans are bottom-liners.
Republicans are by no means under-nourished, however, when it comes to campaign cash.
Republicans are cautious about throwing themselves into Whitewater.
Republicans are certain to try to recruit formidable opposition.
Republicans are certainly upbeat.
Republicans are committed to a new era of environmental protection.
Republicans are committed to the guarantee that they survive for centuries to come.
Republicans are confident.
Republicans are determined to stop reform while claiming the mantle of reformers.
Republicans are dismissive of such bravado.
Republicans are divided and see few votes in taking a stand for free trade.
Republicans are ebullient at their prospects.
Republicans are either uninformed or necrophiliacs.
Republicans are even divided over taxes.
Republicans are for law and order.
Republicans are for the death penalty.
Republicans are for the rich.
Republicans are for tougher penalties.
Republicans are furious.
Republicans are generally against it, arguing that a true headcount is the best number.
Republicans are good at losing.
Republicans are great at public policy.
Republicans are happy with that.
Republicans are hard to find.
Republicans are hostile to unions.
Republicans are hungry for a deal, perhaps too hungry.
Republicans are in their greedy pockets.
Republicans are intense about putting the best person on the field.
Republicans are jubilant.
Republicans are justifiably reluctant to do it themselves.
Republicans are lame.
Republicans are less likely to commit dog-murder.
Republicans are less than forty percent of the regular voting population of the Florida electorate.
Republicans are like snotty teenagers.
Republicans are like teenage boys.
Republicans are likely to also attempt a veto override on that bill.
Republicans are likely to beat back any constitutional amendment.
Republicans are loath to seem opposed to minority empowerment and rights, especially voting rights.
Republicans are lousy politicians.
Republicans are mean-spirited and reactionary and intolerant.
Republicans are more concerned about the breakup of the family and the president's behavior.
Republicans are more concerned.
Republicans are more conservative here, less likely to rock the boat and tough on insurgents.
Republicans are more interested in partisan politics than sound foreign policy-making.
Republicans are more likely to endorse defense spending.
Republicans are more punctual, make lists, dress better.
Republicans are most likely to approve of police striking a cusser.
Republicans are much less likely to see bias at both levels.
Republicans are nail-biting.
Republicans are nervous about going home empty-handed.
Republicans are next in line according to the number of voters.
Republicans are no better.
Republicans are numismatics.
Republicans are on notice.
Republicans are on one ballot, all other parties on another ballot.
Republicans are only too well aware of what it means to be treated as second-class citizens.
Republicans are particularly hawkish toward China.
Republicans are perpetually hopeful that the electorate is moving in their direction.
Republicans are political parties.
Republicans are politically dumb.
Republicans are politicians.
Republicans are pro-life, except that in the North they never mention it.
Republicans are pro-pollution.
Republicans are proud of their long tradition of principled leadership in Kansas.
Republicans are quite adept at electing principled conservative candidates.
Republicans are radicals and extremists.
Republicans are ready to take the next step in the drive for fiscal responsibility.
Republicans are really the party of money.
Republicans are reckless and mean-spirited.
Republicans are right on education.
Republicans are right to argue for a change in primaries.
Republicans are serious in committing to paying off the debt once and for all.
Republicans are skeptical of the public sector.
Republicans are skeptical, however.
Republicans are skeptical.
Republicans are smart in using negative words to describe their enemies.
Republicans are so cute when they try to think.
Republicans are some of the most vocal advocates of the death penalty.
Republicans are sore losers.
Republicans are stronger on the morality issue.
Republicans are such sore losers.
Republicans are synonymous with tax relief and fiscal responsibility.
Republicans are tepid about protecting the lives of unborn children.
Republicans are the beneficiary of the subsidized campaign travel from the tobacco industry.
Republicans are the massive hypocrites here.
Republicans are the ones who oppose things.
Republicans are the ones with a plan.
Republicans are the party of business and of the wealthy.
Republicans are the party of business and talk as through addressing a business board of directors.
Republicans are the party of faith but are forced to bite their tongues to avoid offending anyone.
Republicans are the party of gunowners.
Republicans are the party of inclusion.
Republicans are the party of limited public spending on everyone but themselves.
Republicans are the party of money.
Republicans are the party of taxpayers and investors.
Republicans are the party of the future, the party of reform and the party of hope.
Republicans are the richest and most evil candidates available.
Republicans are the true party of democracy.
Republicans are tolerant of others because that is the way democracy is suppose to work.
Republicans are too concerned about taxes.
Republicans are uncomfortable talking about guns.
Republicans are uneasy.
Republicans are unified.
Republicans are vulnerable themselves.
Republicans are wary about the commission's work.
Republicans are willing to give a little now and then on that admonition.
Republicans are willing to offend trial lawyers and Hollywood.
Republicans are within about a dozen votes of having a majority.
Republicans are worried.
Republicans attack governor's motivations for seeking a tax cut.
Republicans begin to take their gloves off.
Republicans believe abortion is murder but stand idly by.
Republicans believe education is best administered at the local level.
Republicans believe in conserving the environment upon which all life depends.
Republicans believe in economic opportunity and individual freedom.
Republicans believe in equal responsibility under law for all.
Republicans believe in following the rules, and respecting deadlines.
Republicans believe in investing in education.
Republicans believe in less government and lower taxes.
Republicans believe in punishment.
Republicans believe in shame and punishment.
Republicans believe in sound economics .
Republicans believe in taking responsibility for our actions and living with the consequences.
Republicans believe in the institution of marriage, no matter how many marriages it takes.
Republicans believe in the rule of law.
Republicans believe in the rules.
Republicans believe in the wisdom of our fellow citizens.
Republicans believe increased parental involvement is critical to the success of our students.
Republicans believe individuals are better at solving problems than distant politicians.
Republicans believe it's unfair to tax people just because they're married.
Republicans believe our tax relief ideas are both compassionate and conservative.
Republicans believe parents, teachers and local school boards know best how to run our schools.
Republicans believe repaying debt is the right thing to do.
Republicans believe that no financial institution is too big to fail.
Republicans believe the electricity and natural gas crises are inextricably linked.
Republicans bring up another bill, and the whole process starts over again.
Republicans call for less government.
Republicans call it the biggest tax hike in history.
Republicans call structural changes inadequate.
Republicans call the Seminole County suit frivolous.
Republicans can be so cool when they have to be.
Republicans can be so testy about folks on the lam.
Republicans can do likewise, or lead the nation to higher ground.
Republicans can find other spokesmen to defend their nominees and initiatives.
Republicans can no longer afford to ignore the minority population.
Republicans can no longer afford to lose the battle and the war.
Republicans can talk all day about reducing deficits, family values and reducing taxes.
Republicans cater to industry.
Republicans celebrate the sleek U.S. companies that dominate world trade.
Republicans claim both cases are based on minor technicalities.
Republicans claim collusion and opportunism.
Republicans claim otherwise.
Republicans claim that monarchies are undemocratic, outdated and are stuck in the dark ages.
Republicans claim that the current welfare system rewards illegitimacy.
Republicans claim to prefer to stay at home.
Republicans clearly face a political energy crisis.
Republicans collect millions of dollars from wealthy individuals and special-interest groups.
Republicans complain that Hawaii's economy is flat.
Republicans complain that Hawaii's public school system needs to be fixed.
Republicans complain that the re-count push is centered in Democratic strongholds.
Republicans consider the establishment of a pro-growth tax code a moral imperative.
Republicans consider the hand-count unnecessary.
Republicans conspire to steal votes in Florida and go on repressing blacks.
Republicans constantly strive to cut wasteful government spending.
Republicans constitute more than one third of both the state assembly and senate.
Republicans contend much of that can be paid for without a lottery.
Republicans contend sampling is unconstitutional.
Republicans contend such legislation is repetitive and refuse to include it in spending bills.
Republicans contend that no coalitions among . . .
Republicans contend the delay was intentional.
Republicans continue to hold a tight grip on all four seats in the Idaho delegation.
Republicans continue to hold substantial majorities in both chambers.
Republicans continue to lead the way for responsible environmental legislation .
Republicans continue to object to counting ambiguous ballots.
Republicans continue to obsess over tax cuts.
Republicans continue to play the Communist issue for all, and perhaps more, than it is worth.
Republicans continue to put the special interests ahead of the public interest.
Republicans continue to stress there are no quick fixes to the current energy problems.
Republicans continue to support a constitutional amendment on term limits.
Republicans continue to use the issue to set themselves apart.
Republicans control both chambers of the Florida legislature.
Republicans control both legislative houses and the governor's office.
Republicans control state legislature.
Republicans control the governorships and legislatures as well as the congressional delegations.
Republicans control the process in Florida, Pennsylvania, Michigan and Ohio.
Republicans convene in Philadelphia to nominate presidential and vice-presidential candidates.
Republicans counter it is needed to stem the tide of health plans abandoning the program.
Republicans counter that the legislation is a threat to the Constitution's right of free speech.
Republicans counter that the public is tired of obstruction of justice.
Republicans defend it as a pragmatic restatement of what they've always believed.
Republicans deny any discrimination.
Republicans deny that politics played any role in their decision to organize an inquiry.
Republicans deny that there is any evidence of double-voting.
Republicans deny the accusations as being baseless, without proof and just plain flat out lies .
Republicans deny there was any basis for such a conclusion.
Republicans deserve praise for proposing such a bold step.
Republicans didn t even care that there was a veritable war going on in our major cities.
Republicans differ over their choice of model.
Republicans disagree among themselves.
Republicans disagree, saying a simple head count is more accurate.
Republicans dismiss such criticism as Democratic paranoia.
Republicans dismiss such criticism.
Republicans divide evenly on whether genetically modified foods are safe or unsafe.
Republicans divide on some social issues.
Republicans do care about people.
Republicans do care.
Republicans do themselves no favors when they let themselves be seen as raiders of the treasury.
Republicans don t have a clue how to respond.
Republicans downplay the complaints as a technicality.
Republicans emphasize social conservatism and family values.
Republicans enjoy a solid edge in registration.
Republicans eschew obfuscation.
Republicans espouse family values.
Republicans even brag about their spending.
Republicans expect that to be a bare minimum of a shift back to local government.
Republicans fail to override president's rejection.
Republicans favor local control, and vote for local control.
Republicans favor state control.
Republicans favor the original, unadjusted numbers.
Republicans favor the rich while democrats are on the side of the poor.
Republicans favor the well off in other proposed measures.
Republicans fear such a meeting.
Republicans feel confident about Louisiana and both sides put Arkansas on the knife's edge.
Republicans feel that government closest to the people best serves the people.
Republicans feel that the government already has too much money so they are opposed to new taxes.
Republicans feel they have a good shot at new seats in Arizona, Florida and Nevada.
Republicans fervently hope so.
Republicans find the monarchy unnecessary.
Republicans follow the plans their grandfathers made.
Republicans generally reject that approach.
Republicans get huge contributions, both in cash and grassroots support, from gun groups.
Republicans get nothing.
Republicans give little evidence that they appreciate that the other side has declared war.
Republicans go on TV to say they knew it all along.
Republicans go to work early.
Republicans govern that chamber with a slim five-vote majority.
Republicans have convictions.
Republicans have decades of experience in opposition.
Republicans have lists of loyal donors who give and give and give - small amounts that add up.
Republicans have no choice but to govern that way.
Republicans have no one but themselves to blame for the racial gap.
Republicans have no problems with the policy.
Republicans have no requirements.
Republicans have no sex.
Republicans have no such advantage.
Republicans have problems with money.
Republicans have trouble putting competent, principled people in the jobs they control now.
Republicans having affairs are under a lot of pressure.
Republicans ignore questions, issues .
Republicans justify the changes by saying the states know best how to run nursing homes.
Republicans keep the matter hushed for the exact opposite reason.
Republicans keep trying to pad the portfolios of the rich through tax cuts.
Republicans kill the bill to clean up sleazy political fundraising.
Republicans kill the bill to clean up sleazy political fund-raising.
Republicans know the issue that drives their success is checking the size and scope of government.
Republicans largely believe the long-term solution lies in the private sector.
Republicans launch another inquiry.
Republicans lead both chambers by comfortable margins.
Republicans like to employ the rhetoric of liberty and individual rights.
Republicans like to phrase it that way because they want public sympathy on their side.
Republicans live in the affluent East End by the Ohio River.
Republicans live in the closet there.
Republicans look likely to agree to the deal if their conditions are met.
Republicans look stupid calling soft money a First Amendment issue.
Republicans make a preemptive strike by moving immediately to cut off all such amendments.
Republicans make last minute changes to the new tobacco legislation.
Republicans make strong showing in race for governor.
Republicans make the mistake of talking about taxes in accounting terms rather than human ones.
Republicans make the mistake of thinking they can attract blacks solely with pocketbook issues.
Republicans make the rich richer and the poor poorer.
Republicans mean mandatory life.
Republicans mean the opposite of wrongs.
Republicans meeting here say they got what they had hoped for.
Republicans mostly object to it.
Republicans mount campaign to override veto.
Republicans never get any credit.
Republicans now figure they're safer sticking to items close to home.
Republicans now get two thirds to three quarters of it.
Republicans now urge more of the above to keep the Mideast calm.
Republicans object to the financial cost of the plan.
Republicans obviously have an interest in assuring the failure of such a strategy.
Republicans obviously profess support for the right principles.
Republicans offer bills to provide federal funding for pre-divorce counseling.
Republicans offer hope, while Democrats peddle fear itself.
Republicans opposde the suggestion.
Republicans opposing the larger cut do so for a variety of reasons.
Republicans pick bad judges because they're incompetent.
Republicans plan on protesting the candidacy then doing nothing as usual.
Republicans plan to appeal the ruling today.
Republicans plan to push for amendments to authorize such voucher payments.
Republicans plan to run candidate in every district in the coming election.
Republicans point out that there's no election for two years.
Republicans point to several twists that have gone their way in the past two months.
Republicans prefer a greater reliance on individual investments.
Republicans prefer a tax cut.
Republicans prefer handing money back to taxpayers so they can direct their own retirement funds.
Republicans prefer to discuss issues at a public policy level.
Republicans promise improved cooperation but vow to stay in charge.
Republicans promise improved cooperation but vowed to stay in charge.
Republicans propose double the democrats are offering.
Republicans propose two things.
Republicans put people first.
Republicans put tax cuts first before everything else, even before writing a budget.
Republicans raise the specter of rising costs and people losing their coverage.
Republicans rapaciously enrich capitalists without ethical limit and regardless of damage to others.
Republicans ratchet up the rhetoric, while looking for a way out.
Republicans read it as a sign of panic.
Republicans receive contributions from business interests and anti-government groups.
Republicans recieve a lot of favorable air time.
Republicans recognize new threats but also new opportunities.
Republicans recognize that millions of new businesses start in the home.
Republicans recognize the importance of having a father and a mother in the home.
Republicans refuse to do that.
Republicans refuse to recognize America's religious diversity.
Republicans refuse to squander the surplus and remain committed to a balanced budget.
Republicans refuse to take more money out of the family budget to pay higher taxes.
Republicans regularly win local office throughout the rest of the district.
Republicans reject that.
Republicans remain confused over the differences between a political movement and a political party.
Republicans remain divided.
Republicans remain firm in our resolve to stop the raid.
Republicans require more than conservative votes.
Republicans retook the only open congressional seat and retained two governorships.
Republicans risk alienating the Hispanic vote if the amnesty plan is brought to a vote and defeated.
Republicans say abortion is murder.
Republicans say American entrepreneurs and workers deserve the credit.
Republicans say both are needed.
Republicans say free markets are more reliable and efficient.
Republicans say if their budget is vetoed, they'll come back and work up another one.
Republicans say it is just common sense.
Republicans say it's too small.
Republicans say leave the vote tallying process to machines.
Republicans say no.
Republicans say otherwise.
Republicans say sampling provides politicians with the ability to manipulate population numbers.
Republicans say such decisions are best left to doctors.
Republicans say taxpayers deserve a bigger tax cut.
Republicans say tensions are inevitable in the early years of a new majority.
Republicans say that hasn t worked.
Republicans say that is irresponsible rhetoric.
Republicans say that is now up to to the vice president.
Republicans say that last year's welfare reform needs more teeth.
Republicans say that means there's plenty of room for a big tax cut.
Republicans say that since taxpayers created the surplus, they deserve the greatest payback.
Republicans say that the package is designed primarily to benefit the middle class.
Republicans say that the trial is about perjury and obstruction of justice.
Republicans say that they want to toughen child support laws too.
Republicans say that violates a ban on fund-raising on government property.
Republicans say that what is important is that the guns have been silent for four years.
Republicans say that's a distortion.
Republicans say the bill unfairly eliminates people from being covered under the law.
Republicans say the cutbacks have hurt soldiers' morale.
Republicans say the cuts amount to a tiny percentage of the state budget.
Republicans say the dimple dispute bares the flaws of manual vote-counting.
Republicans say the issue is U.S. funding for abortion.
Republicans say the map harms minority voters by diluting their voice in a way that breaks the law.
Republicans say the market forces of supply and demand are at work.
Republicans say the mechanical recount performed so far is better than a hand recount.
Republicans say the tax provisions are intended to make health care more affordable and a ccessible.
Republicans say the universities receive real increases.
Republicans say the votes are invalid because they missed the state's deadline for recounts.
Republicans say the whole plan seems jerry-rigged and fiscally unpredictable.
Republicans say their best other opportunities for gains are in Wisconsin, Nevada and Kentucky.
Republicans say there are no pre-conditions.
Republicans say they are confident of victory.
Republicans say they are holding out hope for bipartisanship with judicial nominations.
Republicans say they care about children yet vote against child safety locks on handguns.
Republicans say they still have a few more cards to play.
Republicans say they want a bill by summer.
Republicans say they're being falsely accused of racism.
Republicans say they're eager to keep up the packing trend.
Republicans say they're hearing from people who say the questions on the long form are too nosey.
Republicans say they're in full agreement with the plan.
Republicans say they've got a chance, but Democrats always do better here than polls show.
Republicans say trying to guess at voter intent is akin to voter fraud.
Republicans say yes, most Dems say no.
Republicans say, give the money back to the people.
Republicans scoff at such assertions.
Republicans scoff at the allegations.
Republicans scoff at the Democratic recruitment efforts.
Republicans scoff at the suggestion that the board felt threatened.
Republicans see an opportunity to resuscitate the flagging campaign-finance investigation.
Republicans see chances to pick up five seats in Michigan, and three to five in Pennsylvania.
Republicans see further Democratic vulnerabilities on China policy.
Republicans see government as a safety net.
Republicans see job training as an additional unnecessary expense in the budget.
Republicans see opportunities for gains in the coming elections, too.
Republicans see opportunity.
Republicans see the downturn as proof a tax cut is needed.
Republicans see the tape as a devastating piece of evidence.
Republicans see traditional life styles and families as a better basis for a successful society.
Republicans seem only to want more jails.
Republicans seem to be determined to be the strong silent types.
Republicans seem to believe they have a corner on morality.
Republicans seem to do well with actors.
Republicans seem to have a lock on both.
Republicans seem to have changed direction on a prescription drug benefit for seniors.
Republicans seem to want to dictate morality to the populace.
Republicans slap themselves limp in a frenzy of frustration.
Republicans slash discretionary spending.
Republicans sleep in twin beds - some even in separate rooms.
Republicans smell their opportunity.
Republicans stand ready to face that challenge.
Republicans statewide suddenly find themselves in a deteriorating status.
Republicans stay strong on anti-abortion stance.
Republicans still can claim victory in the presidential race.
Republicans still dominate statehouses throughout the country.
Republicans still enjoy many advantages in Florida.
Republicans still have the edge in both comnunities.
Republicans still hold a small advantage in actual money raised, but that margin is diminishing.
Republicans still hope to increase the tax cuts during the conference.
Republicans still run on promises to cut taxes.
Republicans still suck.
Republicans suffer congressional election setbacks.
Republicans suffer major loss- at their own hands.
Republicans support the parent's right to choose how their children are educated.
Republicans suspect an enemies list.
Republicans take a hard line.
Republicans take care of the rich.
Republicans take it serious, but run it like a joke.
Republicans take their vitamins.
Republicans tend to assume that merely holding office and exercising authority is an end in itself.
Republicans tend to be fiscally conservative.
Republicans tend to be more libertarian when they've been recently been winning in a landslide.
Republicans tend to be more libertarian when they've recently been winning in a landslide.
Republicans tend to be more protestant, suburban, white, middle and upper class, and male.
Republicans tend to be the pro-choice, chamber of commerce type.
Republicans tend to concentrate instead on the white suburbs.
Republicans tend to do better on crime, taxes and fiscal issues.
Republicans tend to dominate elections on both the state and national level.
Republicans tend to favor a candidate who is very tough on crime.
Republicans tend to focus on tax cuts and national debt reduction.
Republicans tend to forget that.
Republicans tend to get ulcers.
Republicans think government is the problem.
Republicans think government knows best about how people ought to conduct their personal lives.
Republicans think government knows best how folks ought to conduct their personal lives.
Republicans think government knows best how folks ought to conduct their ppersonal lives.
Republicans think it's a first step toward price controls.
Republicans think minorities tend to vote Democratic.
Republicans think surplus money is the people's.
Republicans think the plan does the right amount in both regards.
Republicans think the tale symbolizes a legal system gone berserk.
Republicans think they are matters for the people to decide.
Republicans think they have a fair chance of beating two Democratic incumbents.
Republicans thrive in the suburbs and, in South Florida, in Cuban-American neighborhoods.
Republicans throw similar jabs.
Republicans try to avoid the issue to get nominated.
Republicans try to block more job training today.
Republicans try to make the best of it.
Republicans try to sell their tax-cut bill.
Republicans use blacks as tokens only, too.
Republicans use the same mechanisms.
Republicans wear wide red ties and green sport jackets during the festive season.
Republicans wear wide red ties and green sports jackets during the festive season.
Republicans write their splits on their arms and run an even pace.
Republicans always deflect criticism from themselves by beating others to the punch.
Republicans always do.
Republicans always feel guilty when when they miss a day of running.
Republicans always raise more money and always seem to have better organization.
Republicans always run that risk when they elect Presidents born to wealth and privilege.
Republicans always take the price tag off any expensive gifts they buy before wrapping.
Republicans always take the price tag off expensive gifts before wrapping.
Republicans often pursue a conservative strategy of waiting for the other side to attack .
Republicans often pursue a conservative strategy of waiting for the other side to attack.
Republicans often talk about legislation in terms of the process, the way it works.
Republicans sometimes claim their antagonism toward budget surpluses is philosophical.
Many Republicans are against illegal immigration.
Many Republicans are very big on monopolies even where they are laughably little in other areas.
Many Republicans complain about their party, and for legitimate reasons.
Many Republicans say they decry the influence of special-interest money in American elections.
Many Republicans truly feel it's better to keep the federal government out of women's health issues.
Most Republicans appearing on television sit back and take their guff with a smile.
Most Republicans are anxious for a script in which they are the good guys again.
Most Republicans are undecided.
Most republicans suggest five years or seven years.
Some Republicans complain that their energy ideas are getting short shrift.
Some Republicans complain their energy ideas get short shrift.
Some Republicans say even that goes too far.
Some Republicans say they want to replace the reactors with conventional power plants.
Some republicans seem to be genuinely surprised that the 'peace process' collapsed.
A republicanism is ideology
Republicanism blends both worlds.
Republicanism has nothing to do with left or right wing politics.
Republicanism is a form of government.
Republicanism is an idea that journalists find has the ring of truth.
Republicanism is different to loyalism in that it grew from a fight against oppression.
Republicanism is the purest form of democracy.
Republicanism thrives on precisely that tendency.
Republicanism always stands in opposition to aristocracy, oligarchy, and dictatorship.
A republication is a publishing
Republication is only welcome so long as our permission is obtained and proper credit is given.
Republication is permitted with acknowledgement.
Republication is permitted with acknowledgment.
Republication is required in all cases to ensure notice to the public.
Republication is simply a matter of reposting the files to the website.
Republications are publications.
Republications used here are true to originals.
Republished articles are welcome.
Repudiation does arise under the contract.
Repudiation is also a male priviledge.
Repudiation is always evidience of fraud.
Repudiation is another problem.
Repudiation is exposure
Repudiation is exposure.
Repudiation is refusals.
Repudiation is rejection.
Most repudiations probably are before performance, and so anticipatory.
Repulsion gives way to fatal attraction.
Repulsion is a force
Repulsion is also a very interesting phenomenon.
Repulsion is films.
Repulsion is forces.
Repulsion is stands.
Repulsion is the goad.
Repulsion isa force.
Repulsion strengthens corresponding action.
Repulsive interactions result in a miscibility gap.
A repurchase is a purchase
Repurchases are subject to market conditions and cash availability.
Repurchases enable investors to decide when and how much to cash in.
Reputable agents don t double as paid editors.
Reputable agents make money solely from commissions on the sale of literary properties.
Reputable auctions employ a veterinarian to examine all the horses, and require health papers.
Reputable breeders are always willing to provide copies of all reports.
Reputable breeders are hard to find.
Reputable breeders are knowledgeable.
Reputable breeders breed to the breed standard.
Reputable breeders can eliminate the possibility of many problems on the list.
Reputable breeders care where their pups go and interview hopeful adopters.
Reputable breeders do a DNA test for vWd before breeding.
Reputable breeders guarantee their puppies against any inherited health defects.
Reputable breeders like to show off their dogs.
Reputable breeders lose money.
Reputable breeders offer guarantees against inherited diseases for their puppies.
Reputable breeders raise breeds they like.
Reputable breeders screen their buyers, and vice versa.
Reputable breeders sell their puppies with written contracts.
Reputable breeders strive to eliminate carriers of specific congenital defects from their lineage.
All reputable breeders register their kittens on at least one association.
All reputable breeders sell pet quality puppies with spay or neuter contracts.
Many reputable breeders have web sites.
Many reputable breeders show their dogs and do require any puppies sold to be spayed or neutered.
Reputable brokers offer discounts off the standard commission for exclusive buildings.
Reputable businesses honor such requests.
Reputable businesses realize that spam violates the cultural norms of the Internet.
Reputable businesses refuse to submit bids.
Many reputable businesses advertise on our website.
Most reputable businesses plan to be around for a long time.
Most reputable buyers can provide grower references.
Reputable Carriers carry out all of our shipping, door to door.
Reputable clinics remind patients that they have no guarantees with fertility treatment.
Reputable companies are usually busy all year round in any economic situation.
Reputable companies are usually happy to help potential investors.
Reputable companies operating on the Web offer similar services.
Reputable companies perform extensive research to formulate nutritionally balanced foods.
Reputable company reports, on the other hand, deal with specifics.
All reputable companies have internal investigation departments to help resolve disputes.
Any reputable company is a safe bet.
Many reputable companies explain the signs of violence as an escalating stru cture.
Many reputable companies have special programs for families of college students.
Many reputable companies learn too late that they have software management problems.
Most reputable companies guarantee on-site repair service within a few days.
Most reputable companies have all the work they can handle without going door to door.
Most reputable companies have plenty of work without door knocking.
Most reputable companies notify winners by mail.
Most reputable companies offer one.
Most reputable companies offer strong guarantees and stand behind their products, especially online.
Most reputable companies require one-third of the total as a down payment.
Reputable contractors enhance the beauty and value of a home.
Reputable contractors have accounts at vendors and they can charge for materials and equipment.
Most reputable contractors are able to complete the job before accepting payment.
Most reputable contractors maintain charge accounts with suppliers.
Most reputable contractors maintain charge accounts with their suppliers.
Most reputable corporations offer a standard salary for a type of job.
Most reputable dealers are happy to educate, explain, and teach.
Reputable firms rely on screening ideas carefully.
Reputable franchises hold significant advantages over other types of small businesses.
Most reputable graders have web sites to explain their prices and policies.
Many reputable landlords offer such a clause.
Reputable manufacturers are represented and equipment can be supplied at sensible prices.
All reputable manufacturers can provide references to people who use their systems.
Many reputable manufacturers claim that their product is the best.
Most reputable manufacturers have drivers available for download on their web-site.
Most reputable markets have a trained wine buyer on staff.
Reputable movers are busy and operate on a first-come basis.
Reputable nurseries sell only 'hardened' seedlings.
More reputable organizations require heavy classroom work followed by challenging exams.
All reputable pollsters are aware of public ambivalence.
Reputable providers supply cards with no hidden fees or charges.
Most reputable psychics charge a flat rate per session or on an hourly basis.
Reputable publications are unlikely to publish a story without some checking.
Most reputable publishers post their contracts online.
All reputable reports detail their test procedures and hardware exactly.
Reputable responders trash the book for all manner of scientific and logical flaws.
Most reputable scholars avoid the topic.
Reputable scientists dismiss the claim outright.
Most reputable scientists dealing with both data sets know that our data is clearly superior.
Any reputable seller offers a money back guarantee on their products.
All Reputable shops stand behind their work.
Any reputable shop gives warranties on their labor.
Reputable sites are more likely to link to others with similar information.
Reputable sites have clear privacy policies and offer secure transactions.
Reputable sites tends to link to other reputable sites.
Many reputable sources maintain the legitimacy of medical marijuana.
Most reputable stockbrokers believe that diversification is a wise safeguard.
Reputable suppliers disclose known enhancements at the time of purchase.
Any reputable supplier can easily calculate the data.
All reputable taxis have meters, and fares are reasonable.
Most reputable therapists are in the field of treating patients with PDDs because they care.
Reputable trainers are concerned about their dogs' welfare.
Reputable vendors are worth the extra cost.
Any reputable vendor has their own RAM tester.
Most reputable wholesalers have minimum quantity purchases to protect their resellers.
Reputation management is important in protecting the long-term value of a brand.
Reputation management is thus a natural extension of brand management.
Reputation management speaks to the very heart of an organisation.
A reputation is honor
Reputation adds value.
Reputation allows evolution of cooperation by indirect reciprocity.
Reputation also helps companies differentiate themselves in a crowded market.
Reputation can also have an effect on how competitors perceive and react to a market leader.
Reputation can be effective in ensuring that borrowers fulfill their contracts.
Reputation can be either an asset or liability.
Reputation can create a steady writing income.
Reputation can serve as a proxy indicator of a potential partner's trustworthiness.
Reputation costs money to earn and to advertise.
Reputation Find out how long the company has been around and who are some of their clients.
Reputation gives auditors the incentive to be independent.
Reputation has a public good quality that prevents it from being traded in a market economy.
Reputation has it's own value.
Reputation Includes the loss of credibility and even the potential for blackmail.
Reputation is a communication consultancy.
Reputation is a conservative word for being cautious.
Reputation is a different story.
Reputation is a good report that the person has earned.
Reputation is a key thing on the internet, as it is in real life.
Reputation is a key thing on the Internet, as it is in real life.
Reputation is a platform for marketing.
Reputation is a precious commodity.
Reputation is a taboo subject that most people, and most companies, shy away from.
Reputation is a value above all degrees.
Reputation is all.
Reputation is also a strong identification of self.
Reputation is an important factor in making a purchase decision.
Reputation is built on trust and the possession of values.
Reputation is built on trust, honesty and integrity as well as delivering the desired outcome.
Reputation is built through personal contact.
Reputation is conceived as a multidimensional value.
Reputation is critical and important.
Reputation is everything, and a professional woman's best friend is a good reference.
Reputation is everything.
Reputation is extremely important.
Reputation is formalized and amplified by trusted third-parties.
Reputation is important.
Reputation is key to building a growing business in many online industries.
Reputation is king in the open source world.
Reputation is largely a result of the age of the institution.
Reputation is more an economic than a social factor.
Reputation is no doubt a constraint, but an uncertain one.
Reputation is no longer about feeling good but about being competitive even staying in business.
Reputation is no proof of integrity.
Reputation is obviously very important in that online community.
Reputation is often our first introduction to a book.
Reputation is one of a company's most important assets.
Reputation is one thing, character is another.
Reputation is only word of mouth.
Reputation is our life.
Reputation is shaky.
Reputation is the key to success in the eighteenth century.
Reputation is the most important asset of any organization.
Reputation is the result of satisfied customers.
Reputation is the same thing, but it's far more mature and realistic.
Reputation is very important.
Reputation is very strong.
Reputation isa status.
Reputation lasts longer than possibly any other earthly substance.
Reputation Look into the reputation of the program as well as the school.
Reputation makes a difference.
Reputation means a lot.
Reputation means everything when selling bulls.
Reputation plays a big role here.
Reputation plays a central role.
Reputation plays a large part in attracting the right kind of partners.
Reputation plays a part in how much a caddie can earn.
Reputation precedes it.
Reputation represents one 's deeds, which distinguish one from other persons.
Reputation spreads slowly and unpredictably.
Reputation works in a similar way.
Reputations are a funny thing.
Reputations are always easier to make than to restore.
Reputations are at stake, in a world where reputation means more than life itself.
Reputations are at stake.
Reputations are essential.
Reputations are estimates.
Reputations are hard to erase.
Reputations are now on the line for government agencies and commercial companies alike.
Reputations are on the line.
Reputations are strange.
Reputations are up for the rumbling.
Reputations can change, and Piazza and Hampton hope to do just that in the coming weeks.
Reputations can take years to mend.
Reputations come and go - usually with the people.
Reputations come and go, of course, often in response to the social climate.
Reputations depend on the group.
Reputations die hard, and it was a very young institution, still is a very young institution.
Reputations have a reputation for being falsely rendered.
Reputations ride on how accurately deals are valued.
Reputations take years to develop.
Reputation often is tied to a company's work environment and how management treats employees.
Reputation usually sells itself.
Reputational damage can undermine corporate brands.
Reputational damage is one of the most talked-about risks connected with the practice.
Request lines are always open.
Request lines are only for listener requests and light DJ interaction.
Request stops have red signs.
A request is a message
Request actually means to buy or order.
Request appears proper.
Request Approve for final plat of Peaceful Valley Farm Plat II, Sunrise Township.
Request Calls the methods and properties of the Request object.
Request can mean the entire request or specifically the name of the item contained in the request.
Request changes the day before classes begin, preferably in the morning.
Request check out when ready.
Request collect call from the Netherlands to telephone number abroad.
Request comes in.
Request Complete the online form and submit it along with up to three samples.
Request completes with warnings.
Request dispatching mechanism is at the heart of any server clustering techniques.
Request eliminates the multiple inadequacies associated with traditional approval systems.
Request feed back.
Request follow up on the situation if the animal is left there and no charges are filed.
Request goes in the message body.
Request help facilitating access to the public library or other outside resources as necessary.
Request Impose a limit on the number of requests per period.
Request includes a notice of intent to withdraw.
Request includes authentication document.
Request includes funding for a lighting system.
Request indicates the size of a possible request.
Request inks with non-petroleum bases such as soy and linseed.
Request introduces a tiered, three-level structure with which to associate resource accesses.
Request is an all-music magazine covering many genres of music.
Request is approved.
Request is assigned a reference number.
Request is automatically acknowledged and assigned a tracking number.
Request is by fax or snail mail.
Request is denied.
Request is desired.
Request is for a single copy of one original, as opposed to multiple copies of the same original.
Request is for consecutive personal leave days.
Request is in response to proposed reductions.
Request is incomplete.
Request is invalid.
Request is logged into database.
Request is made before the program begins.
Request is made to avoid potential title problems associated with the future sale of the property.
Request is made to introduce elected members.
Request is made to the choir manager.
Request is made with the public community name.
Request is needed for placement and color of dish.
Request is passed through the web to the appropriate server.
Request is pending.
Request is placed into the requests queue of some application.
Request is processed during normal subdivision review process .
Request is processed electronically, to include signature.
Request is processed immediately.
Request is queued by an operator.
Request is routed through the Internet to the appropriate web server.
Request is routed to a technical expert for assessment.
Request is scheduled to start at a future time or date.
Request is stopped.
Request is the amount desired by the entities.
Request is the bridge between libraries.
Request is the incomming request.
Request is usually necessary for any other purposes unless otherwise stated.
Request means that a new instance of the service is created with every individual request.
Request originals via e-mail .
Request Provides access to values passed to the server by the client.
Request provides ample lead-time for appropriate response.
Request quotes online for critical illness, and accident insurance.
Request quotes online for property and casualty business insurance.
Request quotes online.
Request refills several days in advance.
Request remains in effect until reconfig is called.
Request renewals a minimum of three days before due date.
Request reports easily and efficiently.
Request results via e-mail.
Request resumes from job seekers and begin to create a database.
Request see a copy of the qualification letter.
Request slips for restricted microforms.
Request stop check payments, order statements and checkbooks.
Request stop payments on checks.
Request stop payments.
Requests accompanied by deposits receive priority in order of receipt.
Requests also can be e-mailed .
Requests also come from church groups, county health departments and civic clubs.
Requests appropriate prior to class action certification.
Requests are a large part of a middle school event.
Requests are also subject to verification and approval by the publisher.
Requests are always satisfied.
Requests are always welcome and our microphone is available for announcements, contests, etc.
Requests are always welcome for future course offerings.
Requests are always welcome.
Requests are approved on a first come, first serve basis.
Requests are automatically e-mailed to technicians and supervisors.
Requests are available within two working days after the request is submitted.
Requests are available.
Requests are case-insensitive, and can usually be abbreviated.
Requests are complete and current.
Requests are confidential .
Requests are confidential without exception.
Requests are con-fidential.
Requests are confidential.
Requests are deductible for federal estate tax purposes.
Requests are due within three weeks after the end of the academic term.
Requests are for English translations unless otherwise noted.
Requests are free.
Requests are handled on a first come, first serve basis except in emergencies.
Requests are idempotent .
Requests are in process.
Requests are limited to books and journal articles.
Requests are limited to books and only three titles at a time.
Requests are limited to one article per issue or two articles per title.
Requests are limited to one per week per employee.
Requests are limited to one request per person and only one per envelope.
Requests are limited to one show.
Requests are limited to seven items per person per week.
Requests are limited to ten citations.
Requests are limited to the New York City area.
Requests are messages.
Requests are met with dismay and laziness.
Requests are more than welcome.
Requests are much higher in the spring and summer months.
Requests are normally ready within the hour.
Requests are of information concerning the immediate area, tourism, business, and industry.
Requests are only send when there is data queued for sending.
Requests are our speciality.
Requests are part of a harassment campaign.
Requests are process as soon as possible.
Requests are process in the order in which they are received.
Requests are processed in the order they are received, regardless of size, so do plan ahead.
Requests are processed on a first come, first serve basis.
Requests are reviewed regularly and are accepted year-round.
Requests are satisfied on a first come, first serve basis.
Requests are specific to the object.
Requests are speech acts.
Requests are subject to approval and availability.
Requests are subject to approval by senior administrators.
Requests are subject to availability and are processed on a first come first served basis.
Requests are subject to availability and are processed on a first come, first serve basis.
Requests are subject to availability and price.
Requests are subject to availability.
Requests are subject to equipment availability.
Requests are subject to the policies and discretion of the lending library.
Requests are subject to the policies of the lending library.
Requests are successful hits.
Requests are the primary means of patient-initiated action in office practice.
Requests are the responsibility of the student.
Requests are to be initiated electronically via the intranet.
Requests are to be made ONLY by the agent presenting the program.
Requests are to be made ONLY if assistance is needed.
Requests are to be resolved through administrative channels when necessary.
Requests are to be sent to the department at the time of scheduling, prior to the exam.
Requests are to bear the student's signature.
Requests are updated weekly.
Requests are usually available within one to two weeks.
Requests are usually for information, emotional support or to find other groups and organisations .
Requests are usually for information, emotional support or to find other groups and organisations.
Requests are usually satisfied within two business days.
Requests are welcome .
Requests are Welcome .
Requests are welcome and are usually played during the last half of the program.
Requests are welcome and generally easy to address.
Requests are welcome for both hardware and software.
Requests are welcome.
Requests arrive by telephone, by mail and by electronic mail.
Requests ask for an end to the behavior.
Requests based on medical reasons have to be supported by a doctor s note.
Requests based on medical reasons have to be supported by a doctor's note.
Requests based on work committments require verification of employment by a supervisor.
Requests can also be for a photocopy of a periodical article.
Requests can alter priorities.
Requests can be by e-mail, telephone or in writing.
Requests can be by phone, mail, or e-mail.
Requests can be either single requests or request sets .
Requests can be in the form of a memo, work order request or by calling ext.
Requests can be, and often are, hand-written.
Requests can begin the first day of the second semester.
Requests can change daily.
Requests can come from small companies, large firms or individual researchers.
Requests can concern technologies as well as processes, methodologies or know-how.
Requests can identify objects.
Requests can include detailed data output as well as pitch book quality map graphics.
Requests can stipulate limits on their output to avoid runaway outputs.
Requests can take between one month to four months for a reply.
Requests can take from a few days to several weeks.
Requests can take several days to process.
Requests can take up to three working days to process, so please plan ahead.
Requests come first.
Requests come from all over the world for copies of it.
Requests come from all over the world for the unique sherry peppers sauce.
Requests come from companies and scholars world-wide.
Requests come from several categories of visitors.
Requests come from within our local area and far from our local area.
Requests come in by phone, fax, mail and e-mail, and the reference staff responds by fax and mail.
Requests come in constantly for new churches.
Requests come in from all over the organization - via phone, emails, fax and the web.
Requests come in from all over the world.
Requests come in from around the world.
Requests come in from the four corners for their old-time fiddle music and gospel albums.
Requests come in, cheques go out.
Requests come into our office daily.
Requests come to the church office each week from all over East Texas for the tapes and transcripts.
Requests do come in on a regular basis and new horse listings are always needed.
Requests don t include inline image, ad view, or ad click requests or errors.
Requests engineer support to assist in AA improvement.
Requests exceed current revenue projections by millions of dollars.
Requests exceed funding available.
Requests feedback from customer.
Requests feedback on communications skills and uses it for self-improvement.
Requests feedback on communications skills and uses it to make improvements.
Requests Fill out a form to receive a mailed product demo, create an invoice, or update our records.
Requests filled by foreign libraries usually take longer than two weeks.
Requests filled from local libraries can often be here within a week.
Requests filled on first come first basis.
Requests flow from the client application to the X server.
Requests fora specific run.
Requests generally come in from patients, families, or friends.
Requests generally occur in one of four forms and each type requires a different response.
Requests generally require between one and two days for processing.
Requests generally take from three days to several weeks to fill, depending on availability.
Requests generally take three to five working days to process.
Requests generate mail to managing editors, who make and modify assignments.
Requests generate through a computer system or on the telephone.
Requests go out to all planning units and divisions to prepare subsidiary self-studies.
Requests have to be escalated to the top before they have any impact.
Requests have to be moved to the top before they have any impact.
Requests help and possibly mentions gold coins and a potter.
Requests help on telnet.
Requests involving a setup fee require consultation with a photographer prior to work commencing.
Requests involving continuing research projects are also subject to committee approval.
Requests involving programming changes require additional documentation and time.
Requests involving scripts, and some others, never attempt a cache search.
Requests is ready for today's web.
Requests is the perfect example how beautiful an API can be with the right level of abstraction.
Requests keep coming in for APH materials.
Requests keep pouring in for copies.
Requests keep trickling in every day.
Requests leave of absence, in writing, from supervisor.
Requests lender cooperation.
Requests missing required information simply receive an automatic reply requesting more information.
Requests modify and create objects.
Requests name the behavior.
Requests node managers to nice all tasks to value niceval .
Requests normally change weekly.
Requests normally take a processing time of approximately one week.
Requests normally take approximately ten days to supply.
Requests normally take ten days to fill.
Requests normally take two to three days for processing.
Requests normally take two to three weeks to certify.
Requests pass through the firewall before reaching the Web server.
Requests pay in advance.
Requests Placing a request is easy.
Requests range from local to international needs.
Requests range from single subjects to lengthy wantlists.
Requests range from teacher personnel to educational supplies and equipment.
Requests recall list.
Requests received are subject to space availability.
Requests received by electronic mail are unacceptable.
Requests received by mail are effective as of the postmark date.
Requests received usually involve more than one person s review.
Requests related to instruction receive top priority.
Requests require a detailed budget, and brief description of the project.
Requests result in the fax pages being delivered to the chosen fax and the subscriber charged a fee.
Requests stay here for a month from when the article is received.
Requests stem and leaf histograms for each variable.
Requests submit here .
Requests take a minimum of three weeks to process.
Requests take about a week to process.
Requests take about four working days.
Requests take about three days to fill.
Requests take anywhere from one to four weeks to arrive in our library.
Requests take approximately seven working days to process.
Requests take approximately two weeks to be processed.
Requests take four to six weeks to be published, depending on volume of mail.
Requests take longer around holidays and semester breaks.
Requests take minimally one week to process.
Requests take several weeks to process.
Requests take three business days to process.
Requests take two to three business days to complete once they're received by our office.
Requests transfer allowance for member relocating without dependents.
Requests typically take one week to one month to fill.
Requests typically take two weeks to process.
Requests view .
Requests Welcome to our online tee time request system.
Requests always exceed the funds available, therefore it is important to apply early.
Requests always welcome.
Requests sometimes arrive within a week or less.
Requests sometimes involve happy news such as the birth of a child.
Requests usually take a few weeks to process.
All requests are by written presentation only.
All requests are cache misses.
All requests are completed on a first come, first serve basis.
All requests are confidential and are handled by the teacher.
All requests are confidential and there is no charge for the service.
All requests are confidential, shared only with the individuals who review and approve the requests.
All requests are confidential.
All requests are contingent upon policies and procedures.
All requests are date time stamped.
All requests are decided by voting.
All requests are dependent upon availability of funds.
All requests are for counted entire pages only.
All requests are manually checked, so please be patient.
All requests are on a first come first serve basis.
All requests are private and held in confidence.
All requests are private.
All requests are responded to on a first come, first serve basis.
All requests are respondent in quick and efficient manner.
All requests are strictly confidential .
All requests are strictly confidential.
All requests are subject to administrative approval.
All requests are subject to approval .
All requests are subject to approval of the computer advisory committee.
All requests are subject to approval.
All requests are subject to archives committee approval.
All requests are subject to availability and approval.
All requests are subject to availability at the time of check-in.
All requests are subject to availability of equipment.
All requests are subject to availability.
All requests are subject to editing for content, space and clarity.
All requests are subject to our approval at our discretion.
All requests are subject to plan rules and regulations.
All requests are subject to prior availability of equipment and staff.
All requests are subject to prior availability.
All requests are subject to publisher's acceptance.
All requests are subject to review and approval.
All requests are subject to review by a tumor bank panel.
All requests are subject to review by the reference staff.
All requests are subject to review.
All requests are subject to room and staff availability.
All requests are subject to specific ordering criteria and availability of funds.
All requests are subject to student availability.
All requests are subject to the availability of equipment, personnel and rooms.
All requests are subject to verification before release.
All requests are subject to verification for authenticity.
All requests are subject to verification.
All requests are to be approved by the employee's supervisor.
All requests are to be approved or denied in writing.
All requests are to be submitted in advance of the interviews.
All requests are to be submitted to the appropriate account manager listed below.
All requests are to be submitted to the vice principal.
All requests are upon availability at check in.
All requests contain an email address.
All requests go through our admin.
All requests go through the single inner firewall port.
All requests go to the rector s office.
All requests have to go through tae court appointed attorneys.
All requests receive a response.
All requests receive careful consideration.
All requests receive ethical and confidential treatment.
All requests receive fair and equal consideration.
All requests remain confidential and can be made anonymously.
All requests remain confidential.
All requests remain strictly confidential and all proposals are provided free of obligation.
All requests require a brief justification.
All requests require a legal signature from the student for release.
All requests require department approval.
All requests require proper identification.
All requests require the student's signature.
All requests require two weeks forward notice.
All requests require two weeks notice.
All requests require written authorization by the director of media services.
All requests require written signatures .
All requests take approximately two weeks to process.
All requests undergo a review process in order they are received.
All requests undergo a review process in the order which they are received.
Any request made to null.htw is dealt with by webhits.dll.
Any request made to the server is considered a hit.
Any request made to the server which is logged, is considered a 'hit'.
Any request sent by the client first goes to the proxy.
Any request specifies an item to be found by sequential scanning through the list.
Any requests afterward require a valid reason for dismissal.
Any requests are also welcome.
Any requests can either be e-mailed or simply entered into the prayer request book.
Every request accounts for a very small part of the total time saved.
Every request gets our prompt attention.
Every request has a practical application and a reasonable explanation.
Every request is a serious one, and most of the requests come from reporters.
Every request is answered.
Every request is considered individually.
Every request is considered, and submissions are kept for many years, in case a position opens up.
Every request is evaluated and acted upon.
Every request is handled on a priority basis.
Every request is held in complete confidentiality.
Every request is honored.
Every request is met with an implied extortion.
Every request is met with friendly free advice.
Every request is separate and distinct.
Every request is translated into a demand.
Every request mentioned on the survey seems to be included.
Every request received by the primary machine is synchronised on the secondary.
Every request receives a prompt answer, and there is no question too big or too small.
Every request results in a direct pager notification to the technician.
Many requests are difficult or impossible to answer without spending a lot of time in research.
Many requests are easy.
Many requests are for technical professionals in sales, management and administration.
Many requests are for ways to allow older persons to remain at home and manage their affairs.
Many requests are from churches or religious organizations.
Many requests are on file for participation when offered again.
Many requests are simply inappropriate for the mood of the event.
Many requests are to retrieve referenced pages in a page.
Many requests come in to help solve crimes, such as murder, dog abuse, cattle rustling and assault.
Many requests do fall through the cracks.
Many requests entail searches of the most voluminous and diverse types of operational records.
Many requests go unanswered for whatever reason.
Many requests require prior approval by either the sponsoring agency or the institution.
Most requests usually arrive within two weeks, but sometimes there are delays.
Most requests are for a bi-weekly payroll.
Most requests are for a safe, lightly-trafficked way from home to work.
Most requests are for books related to criminal profiling or death investigation.
Most requests are for fraternity parties.
Most requests are for products small businesses want to sell.
Most requests are for replacements.
Most requests are for the design and fabrication of unique solutions for specific problems.
Most requests are for variances.
Most requests are for weekend or holiday nights, and summer months are the busiest.
Most requests are generally available in about ten days.
Most requests are satisfied within Australia.
Most requests are satisfied within five working days.
Most requests are similar.
Most requests can be done for free, however there is a fee for extensive research and reproduction.
Most requests can be in the mail the next day.
Most requests can receive immediate attention.
Most requests come from public schools.
Most requests come from the classroom, fraternities or sororities, or the residence halls.
Most requests come from the USA, the UK, Europe and South Africa.
Most requests come from veterans who are newly hired by a federal agency.
Most requests have different requirements.
Most requests involve new duplication.
Most requests receive hostile responses and blank refusals to provide information.
Most requests require a day or two to research after administrative approval.
Most requests require board action.
Most requests require one to two hours of research, including writing, typing, and photocopying.
Most requests take about two weeks to arrive.
Most requests take about two weeks to process.
Most requests take approximately four weeks for a reply.
Most requests take two to three weeks.
Most requests take two working days to complete once the form is received.
Some requests are answered in each edition, other queries solicit direct personal replies.
Some requests are available during limited dates.
Some requests are for logs that are two years old.
Some requests are fraudulent.
Some requests are more difficult than others and subsequently take longer to answer.
Some requests are more difficult than others and, therefore, take longer to answer.
Some requests are photographic problem, mostly practical.
Some requests can be dealt with quickly, some take years.
Some requests concerning astrological calculations fall outside the scope of a science library.
Some requests do require a charge.
Some requests generate multiple replies.
Some requests generate unanswerable messages, usually with invalid email addresses.
Some requests have multiple versions, for efficiency or to denote special cases of the request.
Some requests involve metallurgical studies or failure analysis.
Some requests prove particularly challenging.
Some requests require a fee.
Some requests require a vote of the entire faculty.
Some requests require seven to ten business days to complete.
Some requests result in multiple responses.
Some requests return a glish record with more than one named member, as described below.
Some requests seek reassurance, some support, and many seek answers to questions.
Some requests take an argument.
Some requests take as little time as a week, some take longer.
Some requests take longer.
Some requests take much longer depending on availability through libraries or document suppliers.
A requiescat is prayer
Requiescat pour grand orchestre.
Required assignments are underline d .
Required components are available at most local computer dealers.
A required course is a course
Required courses add breadth and depth to the foundation knowledge areas.
Required courses are as follows.
Required courses are as shown.
Required courses are available.
Required courses are below.
Required courses are bold faced .
Required courses are calculus, differential equations, and linear and abstract algebra.
Required courses are courses.
Required courses are flexible in order to tailor the minor to the student's needs.
Required courses are general biology, general chemistry, organic chemistry, physics, and English.
Required courses are generally business courses, with an added emphasis on sports.
Required courses are generally closed to non-degree students.
Required courses are in a box.
Required courses are in bold italics.
Required courses are in bold text.
Required courses are the same as for the master s degree and an exit seminar is required.
Required courses are to be taken in the sequence stated.
Required courses are transferable among participating New Mexico institutions.
Required courses are within the fields of biology, chemistry and physics.
Required courses build theological and economic frameworks for working across cultures.
Required courses build upon the science base of the horticulture option.
Required courses constitute an advanced level overview of the tools and scope of public health.
Required courses cover aeronautical and astronautical subjects.
Required courses cover the theory, principles, and practice of the chosen specialty.
Required courses emphasize theory and methods in policy analysis and program evaluation.
Required courses focus on basic issues of the structure and the use of language.
Required courses form a strong core in biomedical science.
Required courses give students a solid base in the fundamentals of electrical engineering.
Required courses provide a broad background in the theological disciplines.
Required courses provide a foundation in chemistry, physics, and math.
Required courses provide core knowledge bases about the people and history of the Andes.
Required courses teach the primary techniques of systems analysis.
Required courses tend to get lower ratings than courses taken as electives.
Required courses vary by area of interest.
Required courses vary greatly with transfer institutions.
Required courses vary with the individual program.
Required courses vary, based on placement scores.
Required field are in red.
Required field is in red .
Required functions are simple to implement. .
Required guests are black icons and are separated from gray icon optional guests.
Required hardware includes modem and service, which is a separate purchase.
Required information includes action number, national action type, and date achieved.
Required information includes ladder length, standoff length and wall configuration.
Required information includes the grid size and the grid identifier.
Required information includes the name, address and physical description of the offender.
Required ingredients are rice, instant potatoes, sausage, and a chickin bouillon cube.
Required inputs are parameters of the spectral model and the response matrices.
Required libraries are glibc, libtiff, libjpeg, libpng and libgif.
Required libraries are libnsl and glibc.
Required materials are available as noted.
Required materials are due on the dates shown.
Required materials are inexpensive and readily available.
Required materials are loose leaf paper, class notebook, pencils, pen, and textbook.
Required materials are old tires, woven wire, erosion mat, and steel posts.
Required measurements are pants size, waist, inseam, ankle, thigh, hips, and from floor to waist.
Required memorization is at the discretion of the teacher.
Required parameters are 'date', 'summary' and 'site'.
Required parameters are displayed in orange .
Required parameters are displayed in orange.
Required parameters are only the desired aperture and focal ratio.
Required parameters are the user name, old password and the new password.
Required parts are available.
Required permission is denied for the the device or operation.
Required qualifications are a university degree and teaching certificate.
Required qualifications vary by position.
Required questions are in Red .
Required readings are available in the library for individuals to take and copy.
Required readings are diverse and challenging.
Required readings are in bold .
Required readings are in English translation.
Required readings are necessary to pass the course.
Required readings are on reserve in the library.
Required readings are on the tentative schedule and assignment sheet.
Required readings are source materials for midterm and final exams, as well as for group projects.
Required readings are speeches drawn from a variety of sources in a course pack.
Required readings are therefore necessary.
Required readings are to be read by everyone.
Required readings range from one to two articles per week.
Required Readings See the required pre-reading information above.
Required sections are in bold type.
Required setbacks are six feet in the front and five feet in the rear.
Required skills are organization, scheduling, budgeting, problem and risk management.
Required texts are available at the bookstores.
Required texts are available in the bookstore, and on reserve in the library.
Required texts are the priority.
Required textbook is the same as the textbook used in Crime Analysis Data Analysis.
Required writing includes frequent short expository essays and one or more research papers.
Requirement analyses involve requirements.
Most requirement analyses involve requirements.
Requirement guidelines are available online.
Requirement specifications are simply a statement of the user and implementation requirements.
A requirement is responsibility
Requirement depends on the course and the availability of additional volunteers.
Requirement includes ability to interface with clients and present a business case for the product.
Requirement includes project writeup.
Requirement is a creative sense for liturgy and ritual.
Requirement is accentuated when feeding diets low in the amino acid tryptophan.
Requirement is for hardware rather than software engineers.
Requirement is that applicants are on the programme of the meeting.
Requirement is the ability to dance and some proficiency in the art of dancing.
Requirement is urgent.
Requirement isa obligation.
Requirement isa responsibility.
Requirement varies depending on language option chosen.
Requirements addressing the control of ignition sources include the following.
Requirements affect business.
Requirements allow flexibility in sources of learning and specific course work.
Requirements also apply to spas, hot tubs, wading pools and spray pools.
Requirements also vary by facility.
Requirements also vary with the type of use.
Requirements apply to individuals.
Requirements apply to newly altered facilities.
Requirements are - actors, recording devices and sound effects.
Requirements are a bachelors degree in engineering.
Requirements are a college degree and a desire to sell.
Requirements are a college degree and three years of sales experience.
Requirements are a combination of education, experience, and a written examination.
Requirements are a doctorate in science, mathematics, engineering, social science, or education.
Requirements are a good work ethic and a willingness to learn and grow.
Requirements are a master's degree in one of the identified areas plus previous teaching experience.
Requirements are a Ph.D. and evidence of quality teaching experience and scholarly productivity.
Requirements are a Ph.D. in a biological, agronomic or related field.
Requirements are a Ph.D. in Mathematics to be completed by time of appointment.
Requirements are a Ph.D. or equivalent competence and a research focus on developmental psychology.
Requirements are a tape recorder, a large table, a rat cage and a chair.
Requirements are a technical combination and creative project.
Requirements are a way of steering designers away from bad solutions.
Requirements are active participation in class and three five-page papers.
Requirements are as follows.
Requirements are as indexed.
Requirements are as specified by that department or school.
Requirements are as varied as colleges and universities.
Requirements are available from the department office.
Requirements are available in the department office.
Requirements are available upon request.
Requirements are basically the internet and a soundcard with speakers and microphone.
Requirements are bureaucratic nightmares for staff, faculty, and student alike.
Requirements are completion of both cardiac and pediatric subspecialty rotations.
Requirements are courses available to the general student body.
Requirements are descriptions of what customers desire.
Requirements are different at the two sites.
Requirements are different for each individual program.
Requirements are different for each of the endorsements.
Requirements are different for graduate credit.
Requirements are different for other catalog years.
Requirements are different for students from each home school district.
Requirements are different for the two types of household goods carriers.
Requirements are duties.
Requirements are essential, desired or optional.
Requirements are experience outdoors and with kids.
Requirements are five short quizzes and two papers.
Requirements are five written assignments, a midterm, and a final.
Requirements are flexible and the overall profile of each candidate is considered.
Requirements are flexible enough to allow for a wide range of professional interests and experience.
Requirements are flexible enough to permit students to develop and extend their major plan of study.
Requirements are flexible for undergraduate study preceding legal education.
Requirements are flexible.
Requirements are for marketing, operational and regulatory assessments, as well as a business plan.
Requirements are for professionally trained operatic voices.
Requirements are generally similar from state to state, but there are differences.
Requirements are high.
Requirements are higher for most endorsement programs.
Requirements are higher for superior milk producers.
Requirements are higher in adolescence and with multiple gestation.
Requirements are important.
Requirements are inconsistent between lenders.
Requirements are less stringent for autologous blood donors than regular volunteer donors.
Requirements are mandates.
Requirements are Medical terminology.
Requirements are minimal.
Requirements are minimum high school diploma.
Requirements are minimum high school dipoma, with associate's degree or equivalent desired.
Requirements are minimum requirements.
Requirements are motivation, outgoing personality and willingness to join our Alpena sales team.
Requirements are much more flexible for the adoption of sibling groups and older children.
Requirements are necessary for second year enrollment.
Requirements are often unknown to begin with.
Requirements are often vague initially, and only become clearer over time.
Requirements are one in-class oral presentation, one midterm paper, and one final seminar paper.
Requirements are outlines in a packet available on the handout shelf of the law library.
Requirements are program specific.
Requirements are relaxed for small quantities and short term usage.
Requirements are safety issues to provide better automobile travel and bicycle and pedestrian lanes.
Requirements are satisfactory completion of course work and a written comprehensive examination.
Requirements are second-year German or equivalent.
Requirements are similar to requirements for participation in athletics.
Requirements are simple.
Requirements are simply a jock and a pole.
Requirements are slightly different, introducing some interesting technical issues.
Requirements are specific for the scholarship program selected by the student.
Requirements are strict concerning the margin.
Requirements are stringent and include constant monitoring of the student's progress.
Requirements are stringent and only the most significant technical achievements are recognized.
Requirements are subject to change by the institution.
Requirements are subject to change with new state regulations.
Requirements are subject to change without notice.
Requirements are subject to change.
Requirements are that candidates be registered voters residing in the county.
Requirements are that the team covers the slot, no additional payment.
Requirements are the key to almost everything, including testing.
Requirements are the means to providing value to someone.
Requirements are the same as a full time officer.
Requirements are the same as concurrent enrollment.
Requirements are the same as for all Communication majors.
Requirements are the same as for new applicants.
Requirements are the same as for new students except for the test scores.
Requirements are the same as for the major.
Requirements are the same as for the minor listed above.
Requirements are the same as stated above.
Requirements are the same as that of tourist visa.
Requirements are the same for both.
Requirements are the same for independents as well as corporations.
Requirements are the same for main campus and off-campus degree programs.
Requirements are the same for new students.
Requirements are there to make sure that one do what needs to be done to prevent accidents.
Requirements are three units of philosophy.
Requirements are to be pre-established, publicly available, objective and transparent.
Requirements are too hard for parents to understand.
Requirements are too vague, etc.
Requirements are typically less strin- gent than plat requirements.
Requirements are unavoidable.
Requirements are up to the different departments and vary according to each county.
Requirements are valid only when tied to an environmental law.
Requirements are varied and attempt to broadly sample the objectives of the unit.
Requirements are very complex.
Requirements are very HIGH for viewing.
Requirements are very strict.
Requirements are weekly response papers, and one ten-page analysis at the end.
Requirements are weekly short think sheets, two mid-size papers, and ardor.
Requirements are well defined, clearly documented and fixed.
Requirements are what make the second issue the issue of ownership so very, very important.
Requirements are within the purview of the department, school or college.
Requirements are, in fact, minimal.
Requirements Attend an orientation meeting.
Requirements Attend each class and miss no more than twelve hours.
Requirements Attend regional coaching school.
Requirements audits .
Requirements avoid destruction of animal or plant life.
Requirements avoid involvement in armed or unarmed defense.
Requirements Be a current college student.
Requirements Be an adult.
Requirements beget disdain and students do something only under stress and minimise the effort .
Requirements Being accepted to the freshman class is a matter of meeting the competition.
Requirements Below are the requirements for both of our majors.
Requirements Bring a lab notebook and calculator to every lab session.
Requirements can change for each test.
Requirements can change from term to term and year to year.
Requirements can come in two varieties.
Requirements can include capital limits or types of business.
Requirements can include special meals, wheelchairs, oxygen, and so on.
Requirements can take the form of a white paper, or a detailed technical specification.
Requirements can vary between states and are subject to change at any time.
Requirements can vary for different down payment amounts and loan programs.
Requirements can vary for each course.
Requirements can vary greatly between different occupational therapy schools.
Requirements can vary greatly from field to field.
Requirements can vary significantly worldwide.
Requirements can vary tremendously.
Requirements Cartolina.java is a servlet, that is a java application that runs on a server.
Requirements cascade down the product and process structures.
Requirements certainly evolve somewhat during the life of a project.
Requirements change all the time.
Requirements change as the industry or market changes.
Requirements change constantly through phyto notes and updates.
Requirements change or develop over time, based on solutions and problems encountered during design.
Requirements change over time - now more quickly than ever.
Requirements change quickly as the Web changes.
Requirements change, technologies change, corporate strategies shift.
Requirements clearly state in simple terminology exactly what is to be accomplished.
Requirements Click on the trade below to find the requiremnts of each trade.
Requirements combine written examinations with verification of professional experience.
Requirements Come and Go .
Requirements Complete the required application.
Requirements consist of a broad number and type of courses.
Requirements consist of a midterm and a final exam.
Requirements Coordinate commercial loan closing procedures with regional loan officers.
Requirements cover five curriculum areas.
Requirements Create two buttons or navigation icons to be used on a website.
Requirements creep is one of the most common risks in software projects.
Requirements currently vary greatly.
Requirements -Degree in textile chemistry, chemical engineering, or chemistry.
Requirements depend on conditions.
Requirements depend on environmental conditions.
Requirements depend on factors.
Requirements depend on local water quality.
Requirements depend on many factors.
Requirements depend on the choice of the major department.
Requirements depend on the nature of the project or research undertaken.
Requirements depend on the type of equipment or material, as defined herein.
Requirements depend upon the track chosen.
Requirements describe a software transform.
Requirements describe the desired system behavior and capability with a set of specified conditions.
Requirements Describe the requirements of the project.
Requirements determine capacity.
Requirements differ according to programs and levels.
Requirements differ according to the college.
Requirements differ as described below.
Requirements differ based on the length of the cruise and the command relationship.
Requirements differ by university.
Requirements differ from state to state about routine counseling and testing for pregnant women.
Requirements differ slightly for students in some professional degree programs.
Requirements differ somewhat depending on the student's area of study.
Requirements do because they specify the destination rather than the journey.
Requirements do change frequently.
Requirements do change over time.
Requirements do vary in certain zoning districts and special situations.
Requirements do vary widely.
Requirements do vary.
Requirements do, of course, vary between funding agencies.
Requirements document due.
Requirements document hyperlink structure.
Requirements elicitation for an intelligent software test environment for the physically challenged.
Requirements emerge as the data warehouse is used to support decision making.
Requirements emerge, grow and change during the project and by using the software.
Requirements encourage students to gain knowledge and experience in all aspects of the field.
Requirements established by state law are often different from one state to the next.
Requirements evolve beyond data discovery to on-line retrieval and delivery of high volume data.
Requirements evolve into greater specificity throughout the process.
Requirements evolve over time.
Requirements evolve with time.
Requirements exist because there is a necessity, due to public interest.
Requirements exist pertaining to estimated tax payments.
Requirements exist to standardize basic material to be learned.
Requirements Experience with shipping and receiving preferred.
Requirements Experience with telemarketing to business accounts.
Requirements Explain in words the scenario.
Requirements figure prominently.
Requirements flow down to missile and missile subsystem levels.
Requirements form the foundation for all the software work that follows.
Requirements gathering is followed by analysis, which is followed by program design, and so forth.
Requirements Give a complete listing of the courses and requirements for the program.
Requirements go away for two primary reasons.
Requirements go far beyond the demonstration of space planning ability and design talent.
Requirements Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Requirements Graduate from a State-approved practical nursing program.
Requirements Graduate from an approved ABA-accredited law school.
Requirements Have at least sophomore or junior status.
Requirements Have collateral.
Requirements have complex interrelationships.
Requirements have staffs bogged down in paper shuffling.
Requirements have to actually be completed before the application date.
Requirements Here are some outline strawman points.
Requirements Identify a topic related to the presidential election.
Requirements imposed on the teacher grow tremendously.
Requirements include ability.
Requirements include elevate nutrients.
Requirements include guidance.
Requirements include nutrients.
Requirements include resources.
Requirements increase greatly during late gestation and lactation.
Requirements increase with increasing number of credits.
Requirements influence complexity.
Requirements influence success.
Requirements involve morning and evening meditation, short talks and meetings with instructors.
Requirements involve research, lesson design and presentation of findings.
Requirements Learn about the requirements for the minor.
Requirements limit suitabilities.
Requirements listed are in addition to required core and major courses.
Requirements listed here are in addition to graduate school requirements stated elsewhere.
Requirements Maintain a high GPA .
Requirements monitoring is a technique that is used to continuously analyze a working system.
Requirements Only publish on the Internet what is appropriate for publishing in another medium.
Requirements Ph.D. in a related discipline.
Requirements phase, and roll-outs, unless project requires all work be done onsite.
Requirements Prefer someone with degree in ministries.
Requirements Provides a structured format for suggesting enhancements.
Requirements Read all class readings prior to scheduled discussions.
Requirements Read the text assignments throughout the course, keeping up with the class schedule.
Requirements references a requirements list numbered in hierarchal order.
Requirements reflect reality.
Requirements regarding camping in Hawaii vary by jurisdiction, island, campsite, and facilities.
Requirements relate to conditions.
Requirements relate to high voltage conditions.
Requirements relate to purposes.
Requirements relate to roof drainage and placement of excavated sand and soil.
Requirements Required and optional courses include offerings from a number of academic departments.
Requirements Requires a high school diploma with at least five years of secretarial experience.
Requirements See Needs .
Requirements See our requirements page here .
Requirements show that local decision-makers demand high temporal resolution.
Requirements span traditional academic disciplines to produce a multiple-discipline major.
Requirements Start tracking clickstreams when users' sessions begin.
Requirements stipulate yearly accounts from each institution, along with annual progress reports.
Requirements Submit the thesis in four new manila envelopes.
Requirements take two years to complete.
Requirements templates .
Requirements transcend both Colleges.
Requirements Use for land and building acquisition, expansion, renovation and equipment purchase.
Requirements Use only wholesome apples.
Requirements Use parameters in the applet tag.
Requirements vary according to destination.
Requirements vary according to each degree program and major.
Requirements vary according to education level.
Requirements vary according to pH and local availability of minerals.
Requirements vary according to plan, see patient s I.D. card.
Requirements vary according to program of study.
Requirements vary according to programme and department.
Requirements vary according to the activity developed in consultation with the instructor.
Requirements vary according to the agency and project.
Requirements vary according to the child's age and ability.
Requirements vary according to the individual application.
Requirements vary according to the individual scholarship programs.
Requirements vary according to the major program.
Requirements vary according to the year of birth.
Requirements vary among companies, but mostly only a deposit is needed.
Requirements vary among countries.
Requirements vary among departments.
Requirements vary among local apprenticeship committees.
Requirements vary among manufacturers.
Requirements vary among organizations of different sizes.
Requirements vary among programs.
Requirements vary among states.
Requirements vary among the individual programs.
Requirements vary and depend on the end-user.
Requirements vary and so do the responses.
Requirements vary based on available projects.
Requirements vary based upon each program.
Requirements vary between academic departments participating in the program.
Requirements vary between departments.
Requirements vary between districts.
Requirements vary between radio stations.
Requirements vary between specialties.
Requirements vary by agency and job responsibility.
Requirements vary by area of concentration.
Requirements vary by assignment.
Requirements vary by city.
Requirements vary by county and city.
Requirements vary by course.
Requirements vary by discipline, by subject matter, by professor, by student and by circumstance.
Requirements vary by district and state.
Requirements vary by engineering field.
Requirements vary by host.
Requirements vary by industry.
Requirements vary by instrument and studio and are available from the studio teacher.
Requirements vary by nationality.
Requirements vary by program and focus area.
Requirements vary by program area.
Requirements vary by program.
Requirements vary by school.
Requirements vary by service.
Requirements vary by specialty and by state.
Requirements vary by specialty.
Requirements vary by state and locale.
Requirements vary by state and location within the state.
Requirements vary by state and specialty.
Requirements vary by state.
Requirements vary by subsytem.
Requirements vary by trip.
Requirements vary considerably for commercial vessels and vessels engaged in racing.
Requirements vary considerably for each school and program.
Requirements vary depending on department.
Requirements vary depending on program.
Requirements vary depending on proposed activity.
Requirements vary depending on service type.
Requirements vary depending on students' backgrounds and the degree program selected.
Requirements vary depending on the course.
Requirements vary depending on the specific curriculum to which the student is applying.
Requirements vary depending on the type, size, location, etc., of the business.
Requirements vary depending on type of scholarships offered by individual chapters.
Requirements vary depending on whether the manufactured home is real or personal property.
Requirements vary depending on which program the student attends.
Requirements vary due to multiple staff.
Requirements vary for adult, teen and student apprentice programs.
Requirements vary for citizens of other countries.
Requirements vary for each course.
Requirements vary for each of the seven certification tracks .
Requirements vary for each position.
Requirements vary for each program.
Requirements vary for licensure at the elementary and secondary level.
Requirements vary for service.
Requirements vary from board to board.
Requirements vary from cemetery to cemetery.
Requirements vary from city to city and state to state.
Requirements vary from country to country.
Requirements vary from department to department.
Requirements vary from discipline to discipline.
Requirements vary from one field to another and from one institution to another.
Requirements vary from plan to plan.
Requirements vary from program to program.
Requirements vary from project to project.
Requirements vary from school to school.
Requirements vary from state to state .
Requirements vary from state to state and from practice setting to practice setting.
Requirements vary from state to state.
Requirements vary from trade to trade, program to program, and plan to plan.
Requirements vary fundraising and other help.
Requirements vary greatly between transfer universities.
Requirements vary greatly from state to state.
Requirements vary greatly in relation to type and quality.
Requirements vary in light of the concentration and the specific needs of each student.
Requirements vary per program.
Requirements vary significantly from institution to institution.
Requirements vary slightly due to piano competency and applied major.
Requirements vary slightly from program to program.
Requirements vary slightly, depending on the purposes of the student.
Requirements vary widely, so check with each agency for specifics.
Requirements vary widely.
Requirements vary with amount of education and experience.
Requirements vary with application.
Requirements vary with each college and curriculum.
Requirements vary with each program.
Requirements vary with print method.
Requirements vary with program.
Requirements vary with species, soil type, environment, and cultural practices.
Requirements vary with the concentration and the specific needs of each student.
Requirements vary with the state.
Requirements vary with the tasks assigned.
Requirements vary within each program.
Requirements vary, as each library is an independent institution.
Requirements vary, but most positions require a four-year college degree.
Requirements vary, but most states allow physicians in approved recovery programs to be licenced.
Requirements vary, depending on applicant and destination.
Requirements vary, depending on the type of school.
Requirements vary, depending upon the toxicity of the pesticide and the handling activity.
Requirements vary, see instructor.
Requirements View the requirements for History majors, minors, and for teacher licensure.
Requirements Write an applet or application that uses three threads.
Requirements often involve confrontation between interested groups.
All requirements apply separately to both original and corrected forms.
All requirements are age appropriate.
All requirements are cumulative from rank to rank.
All requirements are dependent upon the student's prior academic experience.
All requirements are in the instructions on the transfer application form.
All requirements are individual, and so, is the financial outlay.
All requirements are on colored paper and are neatly placed on the poster board.
All requirements are subject to change if Missouri certification requirements change.
All requirements are subject to change.
All requirements are subject to modification.
All requirements are the same as for professionals.
All requirements are the same as outlined in the previous term.
All requirements are the same for either degree.
All requirements are the same for the degrees on the main campus or the extension center.
All requirements are to be completed before Thanksgiving Break.
All requirements are to be satisfied in English.
All requirements are to be turned in at the same time.
All requirements associated with any given authority continue to apply.
All requirements associated with the amendment process are applicable to transit budgets.
All requirements can be meet on weekends.
All requirements follow the traditional program.
All requirements listed are the minumums.
All requirements listed below are subject to change.
All requirements support the user's tasks.
Any requirements document.
Every requirement is to be done to the utmost degree.
Many requirements are oddly arbitrary.
Many requirements center around load profiling, special fixture design and multiaxis testing.
Many requirements go into preparing for a convention.
Many requirements involve a time element, such as working as a volunteer for three months.
Most requirements affect business.
Most requirements apply to individuals.
Most requirements are related to general hygiene and rodent control.
Most requirements are the same for large municipal systems as for small rural systems.
Most requirements depend on conditions.
Most requirements depend on environmental conditions.
Most requirements depend on factors.
Most requirements depend on many factors.
Most requirements determine capacity.
Most requirements here have to do with name changes and some new courses.
Most requirements influence success.
Most requirements limit suitabilities.
Most requirements reflect reality.
Most requirements relate to conditions.
Most requirements relate to high voltage conditions.
Most requirements relate to purposes.
Some requirements affect bees.
Some requirements affect states.
Some requirements affect structures.
Some requirements apply only to secondary certification.
Some requirements apply regarding number of rooms and duration.
Some requirements apply to candidates.
Some requirements apply to officers.
Some requirements apply to students.
Some requirements apply, ask for full details.
Some requirements are as simple as a physician requesting the drug for the individual.
Some requirements are for real-time data delivery.
Some requirements are important.
Some requirements are more conspicuous than others.
Some requirements are more stringent than others.
Some requirements are rather unique.
Some requirements are specific to different areas of concentration.
Some requirements are subject to approval.
Some requirements are subject to change due to semester conversion.
Some requirements are subject to controversy such as ingredient requirements.
Some requirements are to be met, and they can be divided in administrative and medical requirements.
Some requirements are vague and open to interpretation.
Some requirements check calibration both upscale and downscale.
Some requirements come out of zeroconf.
Some requirements do exist.
Some requirements ensure security of user data or access to system components.
Some requirements generate products.
Some requirements have to be fulfilled before the Austrian guideline can be applied.
Some requirements improve resources.
Some requirements improve sufficient resources.
Some requirements interfere with quality.
Some requirements limit occurrences.
Some requirements relate to events.
Some requirements relate to issues.
Requirements analysis is done first.
Requirements analysis is excluded from our productivity number.
Requirements analysis is now requirements definition.
Requirements analysis is saved.
Requirements engineering is also currently an active research field.
Requirements engineering is an important and fundamental aspect of software development.
Requirements management is a systematic approach to finding, documenting, and managing requirements.
Requirements management is managed as a process in parallel with processes for development and test.
Requirements models play an integral part in the discovery of requirements.
Requisite data are in appendices.
Requisite equipment is also available for in-room use.
All requisite functions are now in place and tested.
Requisite mustache is next.
A requisition is demand
Requisition enters Purchasing through the budget office.
Requisition goes through required department clearances.
Requisition is developed.
Requisition is forwarded to Personnel.
Requisition is without the collection time, date and technologist's initials.
Requisition is without the plasma freezing time, date and technologist's initials.
Requisition is without the separation time, date and technologist's initials.
Requisition is without the specimen number.
Requisitions are actually little better than a jest and a bye word throughout the land.
Requisitions are actually more for distributed processing.
Requisitions are available from academic secretaries.
Requisitions are demand.
Requisitions are documents used to request purchases.
Requisitions are forms.
Requisitions are official documents and they are audited.
Requisitions can be automatically or manually grouped into purchase orders.
Requisitions facilitate open item purchase orders for goods such as office supplies.
Requisitions require the signature of the division head or designee.
Requisitions still take months.
Many requisitions come in without an object code.
Some requisitions contain descriptions that are often vague.
A requital is a group action
Every requital is as inevitable as every crime is punishable.
Requited love is boring.
A rerun is a program
Rerun reports on any accounting date whenever necessary.
Rerun tests three and four.
Reruns are broadcasts.
Reruns are no longer available.
Reruns are popular.
Reruns are television broadcasts.
Reruns offers buyers an opportunity to find great items at estate sale prices.
Resalable condition is at the sole discretion of the bookstore manager.
Resale shops are vendors.
Resale shops buy merchandise outright.
Resale shops have a constantly changing inventory.
Most resale shops have information on supplying available as a handout or a phone recording.
A resale is a marketing
Resale Favorably discuss the product or company related to the subject of the letter.
Resale includes ticket sales, cash bars, donation bars, admission charges and door or cover charges.
Resale only extends to personal, end-users use via usenet newsreader programs or similar.
Resales are also available.
Resales are available for immediate move-in.
Resales are selling.
Resales go for a fraction of original prices.
Resales listings online.
Resample effect needs to be reworked now.
Resampled images using reduction are coarser than the original image and thus have less information.
A rescission is a cancellation
Rescission adds both performance optimization and fault tolerance to the game.
Rescission is a remedy for material breach.
Rescission is available only to an innocent party.
Rescission is impossible.
Rescission is merely one form of restitution, an equitable claim.
Rescission is the act of the party.
Rescramble button resets puzzle.
Rescue archaeology demands fast and efficient excavations without loss of data.
Rescue breathing is the safety issue introduced.
Rescue crews find water.
Rescue disk creates a floppy boot disk.
Rescue divers are close just in case.
Rescue divers are self-assured and competent divers ready for the next level of career training.
Rescue dogs absorb potential homes.
Rescue dogs are also available.
Rescue dogs are available across the country.
Rescue dogs are available nationwide.
Rescue dogs are police dogs.
Rescue dogs are well-deserving of new and loving homes.
Rescue dogs can be very demanding of time and attention.
Rescue dogs can sometimes come with excess baggage.
Rescue dogs come from a variety of backgrounds, but all dogs can do with more socialization.
Rescue dogs come from a wide variety of places.
Rescue dogs come from many places.
Rescue dogs come in all sizes.
Rescue dogs come in every size, age and color imaginable.
Rescue dogs have a unique digestive system.
Rescue dogs have lots of love to give.
Rescue dogs make wonderful canine companions.
Rescue dogs take a break from training.
Many Rescue dogs go on to successfully compete in obedience, agility, flyball and other sports.
Most rescue dogs are adults.
Most rescue dogs are simply the products of bad decision making.
Most rescue dogs are simply the products of bad decision-making.
Most rescue dogs make very loving and loyal companions.
Some rescue dogs are older dogs that had been living with senior citizens who have passed away.
Some rescue dogs show no signs whatsoever of abuse.
Rescue equipment is equipment
Rescue equipment is generally expensive and subject to severe wear and tear.
Rescue excavations bring to light anthropological, archaeological and historical data.
Rescue forces can identify boat, captain, radio, call sign, etc.
Rescue groups are especially welcome.
Rescue groups are usually very careful about placing the right dog in the right home.
Rescue groups can increase the victim's chances by first efficiently searching probable subregions.
Rescue groups find foster homes for abandoned pets until permanent homes can be found.
Rescue groups keep adoptable animals until they can be placed in loving, permanent homes.
Rescue groups rescue their animals from local animal shelters and also take owner-surrendered pets.
Rescue groups work very, very hard to help find their pets good homes.
All rescue groups can use help and that help can come in many forms.
Many rescue groups are affiliated with local animal shelters.
Many rescue groups are pure breed specific.
Many rescue groups focus on a specific breed.
Many rescue groups say they'll pick up a dog and fail to show.
Many rescue groups work well with reputable breeders and can assist if needed.
Most rescue groups are nonprofit.
Most rescue groups survive on a very tight budget.
Some rescue groups go overboard in establishing guidelines for responsible dog care.
Some rescue groups work with pounds to move dogs to rescues.
Rescue lifeboats are now almost universally diesel powered.
Rescue mission saves rare carnivorous plants from extinction in Georgia.
A rescue operation is an operation
Rescue operations are also team efforts.
Rescue operations are currently in progress and have been for some time.
Rescue operations are national and international, like during the quake in Turkey.
Rescue operations are operations.
Rescue operations are still underway, while emergency relief for the victims has started pouring in.
Rescue operations require strength and endurance, too.
Rescue operations take places.
All rescue operations have common threads.
Most rescue operations take places.
Some rescue operations are more technical than others.
Rescue organizations are available for owners and trainers to donate their horses to.
Rescue organizations are very careful when placing a pet.
Rescue organizations can be a useful resource for anyone interested in the breed.
Rescue organizations can face criminal as well as civil charges.
Rescue organizations depend on donations by private individuals.
Rescue organizations make animals available for adoption.
Rescue organizations match caring owners with deserving pets every day.
Most rescue organizations are cash-poor and always have more animals than they can handle.
Most rescue organizations are is very careful about the homes selected for our dogs.
Most rescue organizations attempt to suitably match their dogs with prospective new owners.
Most rescue organizations can only save as many dogs as they have foster space .
Rescue service brings sick, abused and injured animals to the sanctuary.
Rescue service means the personnel designated to rescue employees from permit spaces.
Rescue squads respond to life and death emergencies.
Rescue teams are always prepared with soft light blankets.
Rescue teams are on their way to the mountain crash site.
Rescue teams are there.
Rescue teams go into the field to pick up sick or injured animals.
Most rescue teams take hours to get to the scene.
Some rescue teams have areas.
Rescue workers are tired.
Rescue workers battle to free trapped passengers.
Rescue workers can move swiftly in unfamiliar surroundings.
Rescue workers continue to attempt to provide basic living conditions.
Rescue workers enter the wreckage of the plane.
Rescue workers expect to find more bodies under the debris.
Rescue workers follow experience.
Rescue workers have little heavy equipment.
Rescue workers hurry to free the occupants.
Rescue workers race against time to free victims trapped in the wreckage.
Rescue workers remain at the scene.
Rescue workers search for survivors in the rubble.
Rescue workers search for survivors.
Rescue workers stand by in case anyone gets hypothermia from the morning dip.
Rescue workers stand near a destroyed car in Guayaquil.
Rescue workers struggle to free a woman trapped in the rubble.
Rescue workers tend to a man injured by falling masonry during the earthquake.
Rescue workers use census data to conduct disaster relief.
Rescue workers use infrared sensors to find people in emergency situations.
Most rescue workers follow experience.
Some rescue workers carry children.
Some rescue workers examine tracks.
Some rescue workers experience follow symptoms.
Some rescue workers experience severe symptoms.
Some rescue workers experience stress symptoms.
Some rescue workers face danger.
Some rescue workers find animals.
A rescue is recovery
Rescue also accepts donations of pet food, cat litter, and other pet products.
Rescue also takes dogs directly from their owners when the owner can no longer keep the dog.
Rescue arrives in the nick of time.
Rescue becomes necessary irrespective of the cause.
Rescue call out involving communication facilities.
Rescue can be quite a demanding commitment, but the end result leaves a warm, fuzzy feeling.
Rescue can sometimes be an expensive business.
Rescue carefully matches people with individual dogs, usually resulting in lifelong placement.
Rescue charges a fee for adoption.
Rescue consists of many aspects and many needs people never think of.
Rescue creates copies of important system files on floppy disks.
Rescue depends on faith.
Rescue entails a taking.
Rescue has a three-day return, refund policy.
Rescue has to be made.
Rescue help the dogs.
Rescue involves a lot of time and effort.
Rescue is a labor of love.
Rescue is a miracle.
Rescue is a program that takes in dogs that have lost their home for any number of reasons.
Rescue is a recent design.
Rescue is a role playing game system.
Rescue is a serious thing when it comes to parrots.
Rescue is a volunteer activity and rescue people commit countless hours helping homeless dogs.
Rescue is all about love and hopes and dreams.
Rescue is an all volunteer, nonprofit rescue and placement organization.
Rescue is an undertaking that can only succeed with everyone's participation.
Rescue is composed of a command team and two rescue teams.
Rescue is difficult with significant threat to life in the event of a mishap.
Rescue is difficult with significant threat to life in the event of mishap.
Rescue is difficult.
Rescue is extremely difficult with extreme threat to life in the event of a mishap.
Rescue is full of unwanted dogs.
Rescue is important.
Rescue is in the process of being upgraded from a medium rescue to a heavy rescue.
Rescue is never predictable.
Rescue is our job.
Rescue is our responsibility to our dogs.
Rescue is out of the question.
Rescue is performed by ambulances, helicopters and jets.
Rescue is sent in lethal situations.
Rescue is so simple to use, anyone can start recovering their own data in a matter of minutes.
Rescue is very difficult and there is significant hazard to life.
Rescue is very difficult because of the mud, and the rain continues.
Rescue is very stressful, and often very heartbreaking.
Rescue manages to come and the alien is gone.
Rescue means finding new homes for abandoned or relinquished dogs.
Rescue means finding new homes for homeless dogs.
Rescue means responsibility for the animal's maintenance and welfare.
Rescue needs more and more volunteers all the time.
Rescue needs the outgoing person who draws a lot of publicity.
Rescue pays for food and vet care.
Rescues accepted is resources permit.
Rescues also are typical for the job.
Rescues are also more likely to be males than females.
Rescues are bands.
Rescues are expensive.
Rescues are full, and more rescues pop up.
Rescues are part of the course for obvious reasons.
Rescues are recovery.
Rescues are tv shows.
Rescues Be prepared and able to assist in PTO and tractor accidents.
Rescues become routine and mundane after awhile.
Rescues can be a real pain.
Rescues can be successful.
Rescues can only do so much.
Rescues exist for most recognized dog breeds and for mixed breeds.
Rescues match personalities and other factors of the dog to the adopting family.
Rescues provide temporary homes for such cats.
Rescues routinely get calls from panicked parents who are sure their dog is biting the children.
Rescues survive on donations from private individuals.
Rescues take a lot of special work and finances.
Rescue always comes first.
All rescues are de-sexed before leaving for their new home.
Every rescue is different so there is never one script to follow.
Every rescue is different, so there is never one script to follow.
Many rescues can put old towels, newspapers, and new or gently used dog or cat beds to good use.
Most rescues actually revolve around selfish, ignorant, thoughtless or lazy owners.
Most rescues are adults.
Most rescues are anxious to place dogs in good homes.
Most rescues come in without a great degree of socialization.
Most rescues end up being adopted out as trail or pleasure horses.
Most rescues involve groups that have separated.
Most rescues make exceptionally affectionate and attentive pets and extremely loyal companions.
Most rescues make exceptionally and extremely loyal companions.
Most rescues require vet attention for various needs, some major.
Some rescues appear healthy only to find a serious medical problem during a vet check.
Some rescues are an outgrowth of a national or local breed club.
Some rescues only work with one breed, some with several.
Some rescues require foster parents with fenced-in yards.
A rescuer is a helper
Rescuer encompasses all of the rescue parties, whatever their part.
Rescuer isa individual.
Rescuer isa person.
Rescuer isa somebody.
Rescuer isa someone.
Rescuers already are on the scene.
Rescuers also become victims.
Rescuers also plan to distribute food, vaccines and polyethylene sheets to cyclone victims.
Rescuers are a good example of a trait common to most Christian activists.
Rescuers are esteemed and given special privileges.
Rescuers are films.
Rescuers are likely to be few in number as well.
Rescuers are now capable of relaying communications and can send food and water to miners.
Rescuers are people.
Rescuers are subject to burnout, as well.
Rescuers are subject to liability only if their actions increase the risk of peril.
Rescuers believe that their needs are unimportant and irrelevant.
Rescuers believe the avalanche slammed Wheeler into a tree, possibly causing fatal injuries.
Rescuers believe the boy's family is dead and buried in debris nearby.
Rescuers can be at extreme risk.
Rescuers can see light from a flashlight from a great distance.
Rescuers carry the patient to the waiting helicopter.
Rescuers continue the agonizingly slow search for possible survivors.
Rescuers continue to search for stranded, wounded or dead.
Rescuers continue to search for survivors.
Rescuers couldn t lift the tree and had to cut it in sections to rescue the children.
Rescuers dig through the rubble of the collapsed shaft toward the trapped miners.
Rescuers do jobs.
Rescuers have (part) arms.
Rescuers have (part) body substances.
Rescuers have (part) cell membranes.
Rescuers have (part) cells.
Rescuers have (part) corpi.
Rescuers have (part) cytoplasm.
Rescuers have (part) heads.
Rescuers have (part) human bodies.
Rescuers have (part) legs.
Rescuers have (part) material bodies.
Rescuers have (part) necks.
Rescuers have (part) nuclei.
Rescuers have (part) personality.
Rescuers have (part) plasma membranes.
Rescuers have (part) sections.
Rescuers have (part) vacuoles.
Rescuers have experience.
Rescuers have unfrozen and are repairing the local steam pipe network, five kilometres long.
Rescuers implement the lowest risk methods first, while saving higher risk methods as alternatives.
Rescuers know first hand about the breeds strength and weaknesses, health issues and temperaments.
Rescuers learn tows and caries, and release methods in preparation for challenging rescues.
Rescuers open airways.
Rescuers physically place their bodies between the abortionists and their victims.
Rescuers return to victims.
Rescuers rotate and place patient gently onto cot.
Rescuers rush to help, but four men are dead.
Rescuers say it was a dangerous, tedious, but successful job.
Rescuers search the area for three hours but find nothing.
Rescuers slide patient to edge of bed.
Rescuers strain to find survivors of Austrian avalanches.
Rescuers strongly urge people to pay attention to the flag system.
Rescuers talk to hunters.
Rescuers tap into piles of concrete- searching small spaces by hand and with dogs.
Rescuers teach stranded pups survival skills enabling their return to the wild.
Rescuers try desperately to reach the trapped victims.
Every rescuer is assigned a specific task.
Many rescuers mean well, but are misinformed through myths and old wive's tales.
Many rescuers participate in dog shows and are committed to improving the breed overall.
Many rescuers precipitate second and third stage trench cave-ins and have become victims themselves.
Many rescuers see a match at a shelter for someone wanting a special pet.
Most rescuers do jobs.
Most rescuers have a strong preference to place a dog locally, or at least within driving distance.
Most rescuers have experience.
Most rescuers open airways.
Most rescuers return to victims.
Most rescuers talk to hunters.
Some rescuers become victims.
Some rescuers contribute hints.
Some rescuers encounter in disasters.
Some rescuers even require a home visit.
Some rescuers even start to loathe mankind.
Some rescuers fall to death.
Some rescuers find that a mist net works well.
Some rescuers find wind.
Some rescuers handle hares.
Some rescuers have calls.
Some rescuers have phone calls.
Some rescuers have time.
Some rescuers observe chests.
Rescuings are emergency responses.
Rescuings are helpings.
Rescuings are social events.
Rescuings are support.
Resealable case makes it great for home, office and travel.
Resealable container helps keep catnip fresh.
Research activities are conducted by players.
Research activities lead to improvement.
Research activities provide additional information.
Research activities provide information.
Research affiliates have borrowing privileges renewable each academic term.
Research aircraft are the tools for exploration and discovery.
Research analysts are also problem solvers.
Research analysts are responsible for analyzing specific companies and industries.
Research analysts covering individual stocks seem to have no more clue than economists.
Research analysts depend a lot on margins.
Research analysts review the data and provide forecasts as required.
Research analysts use computers extensively in their work.
Research areas have problems.
Research areas support light.
Research articles are also available on legislation and policy related to bilingual education.
Research articles are generally fairly easy to discern from more general, popular articles.
Research articles are hard because sometimes they are hard to understand and hard to read.
Research articles are peer-reviewed.
Research articles are primary sources published in journals.
Research articles are refereed.
Research articles report the results of empirical research.
Research articles support evidence that there is a connection between sprue and thyroid disease.
Research articles vary in the level of detail given about the study.
All research articles have abstracts in both English and French.
Research assistants aid faculty in their research.
Research assistants aid professors in sponsored research.
Research assistants are exempt from paying tuition fees.
Research assistants are graduate students.
Research assistants are people.
Research assistants are workers.
Research assistants assist faculty with funded research projects.
Research assistants assist members of the law faculty or deans in various research projects.
Research assistants become involved in a variety of ways.
Research assistants collaborate with faculty on papers and articles.
Research assistants conduct experiments under the direction of their advisor.
Research assistants help faculty in conducting research.
Research assistants interview people.
Research assistants participate in all phases of the research process.
Research assistants participate in grants and research contracts.
Research assistants pay Texas resident rates.
Research assistants read and summarize articles, grade papers, and transcribe interviews.
Research assistants receive a bi-weekly stipend and have only minor or no tuition expenses.
Research assistants render assistance to staff and faculty members engaged in research projects.
Research assistants report to the faculty member who directs their research project.
Research assistants require creativity, good organizational skills, and a willingness to learn.
Research assistants support faculty research programs.
Research assistants work for a professor on a variety of projects.
Research assistants work on projects such as new schools development and urban school reform.
Research assistants work with faculty member on major projects.
Research assistants work with faculty members on research projects.
Research assistants work with faculty on funded research projects.
Research assistants work with faculty on sponsored projects.
Research assistants work with faculty on various ongoing research projects.
All research assistants pay resident tuition and fees.
Most research assistants are able to use the results of their work in their theses.
Most research assistants interview people.
Research associates are also the initial points of contact for information about their projects.
Research associates are vital to the program's success.
Research associates do a great deal of the heavy lifting in most projects.
Research associates introduce the group to on-going environmental impact studies.
Research associates prepare technical reports, summaries, protocols, and quantitative analyses.
Research associates working on projects and students have borrowing privileges.
Research attorney handles motion for summary disposition and appeals.
Research attorney handles motions for reconsideration and summary disposition.
Research attorney handles motions for summary disposition, reconsideration and motions to quash.
Research attorney reviews substantive motions and summary disposition.
A research center is a center
Research centers are centers.
Research centers are devoted to bioengineering and automotive research.
Research centers dedicated to mesoscale science are few in number but increasing steadily.
Research centers focus on urban special education and the study of troubling behavior.
Research centers have their own quirks and like to do thing their own ways.
Research centers struggle to weigh pros and cons of offers.
Many research centers give tours and run speaker s bureaus.
Most research centers have limited equipment and their use is regulated.
Most research centers offer undergraduate opportunities to participate on their projects.
Some research centers provide research assistantships in connection with their activities.
Research centres focus on reproductive science.
Research centres focus on science.
Most research centres focus on reproductive science.
Most research centres focus on science.
Some research centres are independent, acting more as think tanks and providing policy advice.
Research chemists create three dimensional models of molecules in shared workspace.
Research chemists spend most of their time in labs.
Research chemists work on procedures.
Most research chemists work on procedures.
Research committee encourages research in the field of adult and continuing higher education.
Research committee evaluates the reviews and proposals.
Research community can innovate.
Research community needs.
Research coordinator provides complete publication service of trial results.
Most research councils operate extensive schools activities.
Research databases are also available online via telephone modem dialup and Internet connections.
Research databases are available to all users within the library.
Research databases exist on every- thing from wasps to English ballads.
Research Databases Find articles in magazines and journals.
Research Databases Find articles, papers, news, and more.
Many research databases are available remotely via an authentication process.
Many research databases are available through our web pages.
Most research databases use only certain words to describe the articles that are indexed.
Research data are available to assist with assigning values to the various traits.
Research data are unavailable.
Research data are very clear.
Research data belong to the public domain.
Research data indicate that poplar provides little benefit to crop yields.
Research data indicate that writing is a powerful tool in learning.
Research data is analyzed and discussed with a selected management group.
Research data is available on a confidential basis.
Research data is backed up daily using a monthly tape rotation schedule.
Research data is limited concerning effective control of foxtail barley with herbicides.
Research data presents a mixed picture.
Research data refers to raw data.
Research data reveal specific problem areas in the education of teachers.
Research data show that older people prefer someone of their own age as a preferred sexual partner.
Research data shows students learn and understand more if they do active, cooperative work.
Research data shows variable responses to deworming for mature dairy cattle.
Research data takes on many forms.
All research data is collected and reported to clients in the aggregate.
More research data is required to devise an improved management plan for the species.
Most research data require additional supporting documentation for interpretation.
Much research data is available for the industrial crops such as rubber, tea and coffee.
Some research data are available for Montana.
Some research data is now available.
Research design is appropriate and transparent.
Research design is appropriate for the solution of the problem.
Research design is described fully.
Research design is introduced through a series of conferences and readings.
Research design is to be experiental, quasi-experiental or single subject.
Research design is to be experiential, quasi-experiential or single subject.
Research designs can be qualitative or quantitative in nature, or a combination of both.
All research designs employed in the social sciences have limitations and strengths.
Research development requires sophisticated and costly equipment.
Research doctorates are doctorates which require original research.
Research effort provides advantage.
Research effort yields results.
Research ethics are fundamental to all academic investigation and training.
Research ethics are normally a specialty topic with relatively little public interest.
Research ethics dictate that participants in virtually all studies are guaranteed anonymity.
Research ethics is the third focus of the program.
Research ethics needs careful scrutiny.
Research ethics require informed consent and anonymity.
A research facility is a center
Research facilities abound on the Internet.
Research facilities are also available at local college and public libraries.
Research facilities are also available by appointment.
Research facilities are also available.
Research facilities are also extensive in other areas.
Research facilities are available by appointment.
Research facilities are available.
Research facilities are both extensive and unique.
Research facilities are comprehensive, and the penetration of information technology outstanding.
Research facilities are excellent, with well equipped laboratories in a modern building.
Research facilities are excellent.
Research facilities are extensive- on campus and off.
Research facilities are facilities.
Research facilities are in a new building equipped with modern instrumentation.
Research facilities are modern and fully equipped.
Research facilities have rooms.
Research facilities play a major role in the region.
Most research facilities have rooms.
Some research facilities require a picture ID before allowing a researcher to enter.
Research fellows attend a weekly research training seminar where they learn research methods.
Research fellows have a defined project with a definitive end-point.
Research fellowships are available for advanced students for both the summer and the academic year.
Research fellowships are available for qualified student accepted into the Ph.D. program.
Research fellowships are available on a competitive basis.
Research fellowships are available.
Research fellowships are ineligible.
Research fields are e.g. ice engineering, geomechanics and environment, and subsea sensing.
Research fields are noncommutative geometry and operator algebras, as well as frame theory.
Research fields are tectonic, petrological and paleomagnetic studies of the ocean floor.
Research firms help markets.
Research funding can spur curricular innovation.
Research funding continues to grow as do endowed chairs, professorships and scholarships.
Research funding continues to increase due to the great work of our faculty and staff.
Research funding demands some evidence of progress.
Research funding gained by the department academics from external agencies continuously increases.
Research funding is aimed at screening crop varieties for suitability under irrigated conditions.
Research funding is also under pressure owing to reductions at the federal and provincial levels.
Research funding is an extremely valuable source of revenue to colleges and universities.
Research funding is available for approved projects.
Research funding is available for the right projects.
Research funding is available from a variety of private or public agencies.
Research funding is available through individual faculty grants.
Research funding is derived from governmental agencies, private industries and state resources.
Research funding is derived from governmental agencies, private industries and state sources.
Research funding is needed here.
Research funding is never enough.
Research funding is obtained from a variety of sources.
Research funding is offered twice a year.
Research funding is often available for students participating in the program.
Research funding is one of our lifelines.
Research funding is primarily from contracts with private companies and government agencies.
Research funding is recognized as revenue when the services are rendered.
Research funding is the primary one.
Research funding is the weakest element.
Research funding is up substantially.
Research funding is used primarily to assist faculty and graduate students.
Research funding pays for computers in the research labs, for faculty and for some staff.
Most research funding is decentralized.
Research grant related potential skills are also an important selection criterion.
Research grants are already heavily concentrated in universities.
Research grants are broader and can cover any scientific, scholarly or artistic project.
Research grants are for research on a specific, focused topic.
Research grants are nonpolitical and are awarded solely based on academic merit.
Research grants are renewable for a second year on a competitive basis.
Research grants are three to nine months.
Research grants assist students in completing projects required for degrees.
Research grants get more than enough emphasis.
Research grants help the college keep pace.
Research grants make it possible for additional students to attend.
Research grants offset the costs of a specific research project.
Research grants remain critically important to water resources researchers.
Research grants support research on leukemia and related subjects.
Research grants support the scientific, scholarly or artistic efforts of faculty.
Research grants tend to provide funding for only a year or two.
Many research grants require additional resources from the library.
Many research grants require preliminary results before funding faculty research.
Research group generates poor results due to lack of teamwork.
Research groups are groups.
Research groups are then able to request airship time for feasibility testing of their concepts.
Research groups come and go, making the repeater placements oftentimes obsolete.
Research groups contend with the mysterious disappearance.
Research groups have many implied social and professional arrangements.
Research groups have their own specialist servers connected to the network.
Research groups meet once per week.
Research groups meet weekly and focus on topics related to the above areas.
Research groups rely on public and private funding to finance their research work.
Research groups studying relationships regularly hold joint meetings to share results.
Research groups work with a diversity of plants, birds, insect, lizards, and marine invertebrates.
All research groups make considerable use of IT in their research, and have done so for many years.
Every research group is entitled to have a block of any category.
Most research groups allow shared use of their instruments.
Most research groups are small.
Most research groups have federal or state grants that support research assistantships.
Most research groups have meetings and informal seminars at which topics of interest are discussed.
Most research groups have their own computing facilities as well.
Most research groups have their own PC's and printers.
Most research groups have web-sites .
Most research groups meet on a regular basis to discuss their results.
Some research groups are leaders in their fields, and contain world-class researchers.
Some research groups have combined meetings to provide broader input.
Some research groups have funding for undergraduate programmers or research assistants.
Some research groups have their own pages.
Research guide contains information on statutes, rules and regulations.
Research guide is available upon request.
Research guides offer more than an indiscriminate list of sites.
Research guides provide an overview of the research process in a given area.
All research institutes are to be reviewed at regular intervals.
Any research institute can participate.
Research institutions can benefit from the funding as subcontractors of the industrial companies.
Research institutions change the planet in nearly every way.
Research institutions contribute to community life in rural areas.
Research institutions differ considerably in their mission and emphasis.
Research institutions hire biologists trained in a wide variety of specialties.
Research institutions subscribe to anonymous databases.
Research institutions support building profit for farmers.
Research institutions use the device in a variety of applications to ensure high quality.
Most research institutions follow guidelines.
Some research institutions are luckier.
Research integrity rests on the judgment and conscience of the researcher.
Research interest includes investigations.
Research interest includes patterns.
Research interest includes reproduction.
Research labs develop methods.
A research laboratory is work
Research laboratories are also great places for undergraduates to learn.
Research laboratories are well equipped and many have been upgraded in recent years.
Research laboratories are well equipped to perform modern and innovative biomedical research.
Research laboratories can be dangerous places and safety precautions are essential.
Research laboratories contain additional specialized equipment such as laser spectroscopy systems.
Research laboratories contain equipment and chemicals which can be dangerous if used improperly.
Research laboratories do function tests.
Research laboratories do tests.
Research laboratories feature the most advanced equipment available for nanoscale science research.
Research laboratories present particular concerns for safety.
Research laboratories tend to be dangerous places and safety precautions are essential.
All research laboratories serve a dual-use function.
Many research laboratories operate low-cost PC clusters or 'farms' for computing or data analysis.
Most research laboratories do function tests.
Most research laboratories do tests.
Most research laboratories request a minimum two-year commitment.
Some research laboratories work with chimpanzees and language.
Research libraries are in every country in the world.
Research libraries contain the seed-bed of ideas.
Research libraries make public and accessible a host of private or previously inaccessible pasts.
Research libraries scare most students.
Research libraries strive for CD-ROM acquisitions, and the Internet connections.
Research libraries try to maintain an appropriate balance between serials and book expenditures.
All research libraries have uncataloged materials.
Every research library needs a few.
Many research libraries interfile periodicals with books.
Most research libraries have Dialog accounts.
Research literature documents a positive and almost linear correlation between income and health.
Research literature identifying determinants of long-run performance of new issues is limited.
Research literature indicates that the highest overall validity is achieved by using both.
Research literature is rich in so many ways.
Research meteorologists develop methods.
Research meteorologists study atmospheric phenomena.
Research meteorologists study patterns.
Research meteorologists study phenomena.
Research meteorologists study severe weather patterns.
Research meteorologists study such phenomena.
Research meteorologists study weather patterns.
Research methods are a variety of techniques that people use when studying a given phenomenon.
Research methods are the building blocks of psychological science.
Research methods can include observing, interviewing, statistic gathering, observation, etc.
Research methods consist of both a personnel survey and interviews as well as observations of work.
Research methods covered include descriptive, observational, and experimental studies.
Research methods depend on the topic under study.
Research methods involve both mathematical work and computer simulation.
Research methods is a required course for psychology majors.
Research methods provide the necessary skills to undertake the dissertation.
Research methods shape both the process and the outcomes in significant ways.
Research methods used include cloning and genetic enhancement.
Research methodologies describe procedures.
Research methodologies involving case studies and experience reports are also welcome.
Research methodologies involving case studies, action research, and experience reports are welcome.
Research methodologies range from large scale survey to case study.
Research methodology can often be stringent in design.
Research methodology describes the research procedure.
Research methodology is descriptive, employing interviews and observations.
Research methodology is discussed and students develop a research proposal.
Research methodology is studied for one term.
Most research methodologies describe procedures.
Research module has complete citations of and occasional links to current research.
Research modules can be an effective way of addressing the most challenging new state standards.
Research networks provide results for adoption by farmers.
Research notes are also welcome.
Research notes are complete and organized.
Research notes are refereed and subject to the same high standards applied to other papers.
Research notes are short contributions.
Research notes are very brief papers that extend or evaluate previous work.
Research notes contain brief descriptions of research.
Research notes report preliminary or tentative results of projects underway.
Most research notes are in HTML format.
Research paper is due .
Research paper is due at the start of the exam.
Research paper is due next week.
Research paper is due.
Research paper is required and there is an oral presentation of the research.
Research paper is required.
Research paper is student's senior thesis.
Research papers allow research administrators to report the results of original research.
Research papers are a required fact of college life.
Research papers are always peer reviewed.
Research papers are available online.
Research papers are double-spaced throughout, including long, indented quotations.
Research papers are due .
Research papers are due according to the semester schedule.
Research papers are due in every subject from health to government.
Research papers are due in Fairbanks as quickly as possible.
Research papers are due no later than the class session of week eight.
Research papers are due no later than the class session of week seven.
Research papers are due no later than the close of week seven.
Research papers are due no later than the end of the scheduled exam period.
Research papers are due no later than the last day of week fourteen.
Research papers are due on the final day of class.
Research papers are due on the last day of class.
Research papers are due the eleventh week of class.
Research papers are due the last class of the semester.
Research papers are in full swing.
Research papers are in progress.
Research papers are one type.
Research papers are peer-reviewed.
Research papers are reports of attempts to answer a question or test a hypothesis.
Research papers are to be the student's own work.
Research papers are to conform to accepted academic style.
Research papers are welcome in the following categories of presentation sessions. .
Research papers are welcome in the following categories of presentation sessions.
Research papers are welcome in the following categories of presentation.
Research papers arise from an adequate bibliography and are properly noted throughout.
Research papers can come in many forms l ike library or term papers.
Research papers contain information about the biggest Latvian lakes.
Research papers covering all aspects of finance are eligible for inclusion in the program.
Research papers draw on a variety of outside sources and require synthesis of the ideas of others.
Research papers have a high focus on treating plants with foliage sprays of triacontanol.
Research papers make sense.
Research papers offer a rapid and effective communication with our 'customers' in many fields.
Research papers provide detailed project findings to the public.
Research papers providing multi-disciplinary perspectives on the conference theme are welcome.
Research papers require notes and bibliographies.
Research papers require research.
Research papers require that students manage multiple skills simultaneously.
All research papers are due at the beginning of the class period.
All research papers are faculty-reviewed, and all interviews are cunducted by the staff.
All research papers are refereed.
All research papers are subject to a formal review process.
Every research paper is a unique experience for which there can be no hard and fast rules.
Every research paper needs a clear organizational plan, and content generated from outside sources.
Every research paper needs documentation to avoid plagiarizing other people s ideas.
Every research paper needs statistics to bolster a hypothesis.
Most research papers are far harder to understand than undergraduate textbooks.
Research Park can accommodate virtually every demand of technological research and development.
Research Park consists of seven facilities, whose occupants are involved in research.
Research park has Eastern influence.
Research Park is one of America s premier technology-transfer complexes.
Research participants can file a suit for invasion of privacy under tort law.
Research participants contribute to the facility s research mission.
Research participants contribute to the facility's research mission .
Research participants possess the right to decide how much of themselves to share with others.
Research participants press a key when they are ready for a word to be presented.
Research participants view a set of words serially.
Research participants visit the laboratory for one or more two-hour sessions.
Research policies determine their progress.
Research policy is primarily a national sphere of responsibility.
Research problems are available across the broad landscape of contemporary chemical research.
Research problems are often in the form of questions.
Research problems are welcome also from students and employers.
Research problems challenge students ingenuity and creativity.
Research problems emphasize the use of contemporary methods and good experimental design.
Every research problem is different - our system is flexible enough to cope with that.
Many research problems require the use of innovative methods.
Some research problems require different methods of inquiry.
Research professors have extensive resources available.
Research program emphasizes a comprehensive approach to managing pearl millet rust.
Research program focuses on women and families.
Research program includes computer memory testing.
Research program involves genetic, cytogenetic and behavioral studies of the German cockroach.
Research program is active in both clinical and basic science areas.
Research program is active in clinical and basic science.
Research program is focused on two main areas.
Research program is in engineering decision-making for design and manufacturing.
Research programs address practical issues of musculoskeletal disease and treatment.
Research programs addressing NO x emissions from supersonic aircraft are also in progress.
Research programs aim to improve the cost effectiveness, speed and reliability of the methods used.
Research programs appear to be conservative and academic.
Research programs are also of two years duration.
Research programs are at no cost to eligible participants.
Research programs are global in nature.
Research programs are individualized and tailored to students' interests.
Research programs are interdisciplinary, interagency and teamwork oriented.
Research programs are national in nature.
Research programs are nationally prominent and gaining international respect.
Research programs are ongoing for eligible patients.
Research programs are supervise and conducted by departmental faculty.
Research programs are underway at universities and clinics throughout the country.
Research programs are underway in cancer, inflammation and gene therapy delivery.
Research programs are underway in three areas.
Research programs consist of several projects, each of which is a graduate student thesis.
Research programs cover pollution prevention, waste water treatment, etc.
Research programs develop environmental protection technologies for use by the coal industry.
Research programs focus on biostatistical methodologies and design and analysis of clinical trials.
Research programs focus on genetic predisposition to cancer and genetic alterations in cancer.
Research programs focus on infectious diseases and gastrointestinal disorders.
Research programs focus on the effect of injury and degenerative change on the spine.
Research programs focus upon molecular and cellular aspects of biomedical research.
Research programs involve both technique development and applications.
Research programs involve food microbiology, histology, chemistry, and commodity products.
Research programs making good progress include fish reproduction and reproductive toxicology.
Research programs range from biological nuclear magnetic resonance studies to theoretical physics.
Research programs reflect the special needs and interests of veterans.
Research programs seek to understand basic cellular processes as well as field-oriented problems.
Research programs span a broad area of disease management on deciduous tree fruit crops.
Research programs span a wide range of approaches, from molecular biology to human psychophysics.
Research programs use bacterial genetics techniques to dissect the molecular basis of pathogenesis.
All research programs have a heavy involvement from graduate students.
Many research programs are interdisciplinary in nature.
Many research programs are of clinical interest.
Some research programs require only yearly evaluations.
Research programmes are in place to underpin risk assessment and to support the regulatory regime.
Research programmes cover the entire forestry value chain.
Research programmes cover topics.
Most research programmes cover topics.
A research project is research
Research project focuses on specific cultural group.
Research project is required to help expand and deepen the horizons of the participants.
Research project is required.
Research projects aim to elucidate the molecular mechanisms of eukaryotic cell motility.
Research projects are able to continue on schedule between federal grants.
Research projects are also a common way to introduce technology's uses to students.
Research projects are also possible based on the information in the issues.
Research projects are an important part of all three years.
Research projects are appropriate in all disciplines.
Research projects are available and resident participation is encouraged.
Research projects are available for students as early as their sophomore year.
Research projects are available in all areas of chemistry and chemical engineering.
Research projects are available in many diverse areas of biological and chemical science.
Research projects are available in proton dosimetry and dose calculations.
Research projects are available in the following areas.
Research projects are available, but optional.
Research projects are common.
Research projects are conducted in the area and consultation is provided.
Research projects are continuous throughout the summer session and academic year.
Research projects are detailed, some including audio and video files.
Research projects are diverse from geographic, ecosystem, and 'issues' perspectives.
Research projects are due on the date assigned.
Research projects are focused on developing methods for gene delivery to muscle.
Research projects are generally in the area of biochemistry, cell biology and molecular genetics.
Research projects are in progress that use electrophysiological methods to examine brain processes.
Research projects are in the areas of cell physiology and signal transduction.
Research projects are long-term, ongoing and are the highest level and complexity.
Research projects are normally open only to majors.
Research projects are now in a process of elaboration of methodology.
Research projects are often easier to do with some prior experience.
Research projects are often long term and keeping a research team together is important.
Research projects are ongoing addressing issues of utilization, communication, efficacy, and cost.
Research projects are ongoing in both the transplant and vascular arenas.
Research projects are ongoing.
Research projects are open to all technical topics listed in the sponsors research announcements.
Research projects are primarily quantitative in nature.
Research projects are projects.
Research projects are similar.
Research projects are strongly encouraged and supported by the department.
Research projects are subject to both internal and external peer review.
Research projects are timely and practice oriented.
Research projects are under individual faculty sponsorship.
Research projects are under individual faculty supervision.
Research projects are under way that allow digital cameras to recognize faces in a crowd.
Research projects are underway to assess the effectiveness of family life programming.
Research projects are underway to try to eliminate the negatives.
Research projects bear on high and low latitude continental and marine environments.
Research projects build skills in analyzing problems and designing solutions.
Research projects can also draw on federal or ETH internal research funds.
Research projects can be experimental, theoretical or computational.
Research projects can be primarily analytic or a combination of empirical and analytic.
Research projects can be up to five years in duration.
Research projects can focus on any European or global issue that involves field work in Europe.
Research projects can therefore focus on commercially valuable clones.
Research projects conducted during the past three years or in progress include the following list.
Research projects consist of tracking studies as well as one-off research.
Research projects contribute to eco- nomic and social progress in Wyoming.
Research projects cover a wide range of topics in astronomy, astrophysics and techniques.
Research projects cover a wide range of topics in radio, infrared and radar astronomy.
Research projects cover all phases of wildlife management.
Research projects cover aspects of nutrient cycling, productivity, fire and weed ecology.
Research projects cover the entire range between field and modeling studies.
Research projects deal with innovation in school settings.
Research projects demand time from the professor and also require expensive supplies and equipment.
Research projects depend upon grants.
Research projects encompass a wide range of aspects of computing education.
Research projects evolve from individual student interests.
Research projects focus on defects of oxidative metabolism and of glucose transporter.
Research projects focus on demand forecasts for products which are cyclical in nature.
Research projects focus on elucidating the neural and biomechanical controls of human motion.
Research projects focus on partnerships, accountability measures, and leadership issues.
Research projects focus on recidivism rates among delinquents and victims of sexual assault.
Research projects focus on some aspect of toxicology or environmental health.
Research projects focus on the biosynthesis of pituitary polypeptide hormones and neuropeptides.
Research projects follow a rigorous methodology to establish validity of findings.
Research projects have long horizons and extended gestation periods.
Research projects have priority for use of computers.
Research projects have to secure long-term funding in order to keep research teams together.
Research projects introduce students to the elements of psychological research.
Research projects involve animals ranging from insects and molluscs to all vertebrate groups.
Research projects involve basic biomedical science, applied clinical problems, and disease.
Research projects involve basic, medical and behavioral sciences.
Research projects involve both graduate and undergraduate students from different departments.
Research projects involve much hard work and commitment.
Research projects involve several local, state, and federal agencies throughout the watershed.
Research projects involve the design, synthesis and testing of new target compounds.
Research projects involves two doctoral students, rather than one as initially planned.
Research projects involving other crops are subject to some restrictions and additional fees.
Research projects M.Phil.
Research projects maintain ' working sites ' to share documents and updates.
Research projects mature along different timelines, providing researchers a rich experience.
Research projects monitor contaminants and behavior.
Research projects provide opportunities for intervention in advanced nursing practice.
Research projects provide opportunities for training in medicinal chemistry.
Research projects range from population genetics to ecosystem ecology.
Research projects range from relatively clinical to very basic.
Research projects range from studies of the atomic nucleus to global climate change research.
Research projects ranging from lab work to significant class projects are welcome.
Research projects relate to a common topic chosen by the instructor.
Research projects run on event cycles.
Research projects support many of our graduate students.
Research projects teach students to do science in the real world.
Research projects tend to close their source in fear of giving away research secrets.
Research projects use different units of analysis.
Research projects use millions of animals each year.
Research projects use the computer to retrieve information.
Research projects using the Internet are more commonplace each year.
Research projects utilizing varying classes and types of cattle are also possible.
Research projects vary according to the discipline and faculty member.
Research projects vary based on students' interests and skills.
Research projects vary from local studies in Montana to regional and international projects.
Research projects vary from substantial fieldwork to primarily modeling and any combination thereof.
Research projects vary from year to year.
Research projects vary greatly in scope and character.
Research projects vary in scope and method and range from the classical to the present.
Research projects vary over time, depending on funding and other factors.
All research projects are fully peer reviewed.
All research projects are fully-peer reviewed.
All research projects arise from a personal, therefore subjective, point of view.
All research projects have online metadata available.
All research projects incur direct and indirect costs.
All research projects involving human subjects require a consent form.
All research projects require hard work and commitment.
Any research project requires time.
Every research project has a genesis and evolution.
Every research project is different from all others.
Every research project needs to start with a clear problem formulation.
Many research projects are currently underway to investigate the kills.
Many research projects are in various stages of production, translation, review and editing.
Many research projects are interdisciplinary, giving considerable breadth to the student's program.
Many research projects are interdisciplinary.
Many research projects are now under way to develop new ways of teaming brain power with computers.
Many research projects are of twenty to thirty years' duration.
Many research projects involve both faculty and doctoral student collaboration.
Many research projects involve collaboration with universities and other bodies overseas.
Many research projects involve industrial partners and funding, both in the UK and abroad.
Many research projects involve payments to individuals that volunteer as research subjects.
Many research projects involve synthetic and preparative procedures.
Many research projects involve the use of human subjects or animals.
Many research projects offer free treatment to qualified participants.
Many research projects require custom instrumentation.
Many research projects require that the number of plaques and tangles be quantified.
Many research projects use ABS statistics.
Most research projects are laboratory based and concentrate on the synthesis of new molecules.
Most research projects are too short and too small to come to grips with such expansive dimensions.
Most research projects have industrial sponsorship.
Most research projects involve some form of experimentation.
Most research projects last five to ten years from conception to completion.
Most research projects require a certain amount of prep time before official commencement.
Most research projects require the use of journal articles.
Most research projects share the same general structure.
Most research projects study problems or weaknesses.
Some research projects are riskier than others.
Some research projects are very brief .
Some research projects develop courses and all of the necessary instructional modules.
Some research projects encompass contributions both from natural and social sciences.
Some research projects have course prerequisites.
Some research projects have their own pages.
Research proposal is entered into log and filed.
Research proposal requires the approval of the program director.
Research proposals ca.
Research proposals can include ideas for science fair projects and private science competitions.
Research proposals dealing with particular groups are also eligible for funding.
Research proposals examining the countries of Central Eurasia are eligible.
Research proposals examining topics in Eurasian studies are eligible.
Research proposals serve a number of purposes.
All research proposals are peer-reviewed.
Research psychologists study human behavior.
Research psychologists study many other areas of human behavior.
Research psychologists use the same methods plus surveys and clinical studies.
Research psychologists work in universities or private companies.
Most research psychologists specialize in one of the seven broad areas described here.
Research question contains appropriate variables.
Research question is linked by criterion and telling questions.
Research question requires more detailed answer.
Research questions address the structure, antecedents, and consequences of self-concept development.
Research questions address the structure, antecedents, and consequences of self-esteem development.
Research questions are due at the end of the class period.
Research questions are generally concerned with the social context of health care.
Research questions are longer and broader than hypotheses.
Research questions center on understanding mechanisms that suffort daily life.
Research questions focus on ecosystem viability in the face of changing conditions.
Research questions help guide the design and analysis of the research.
Research questions occur more and more frequently at cellular and molecular levels.
Research questions tend to be very broad.
Many research questions remain to be asked to understand Wisconsin's rich cultural history.
Many research questions remain to be explored within the national parks.
Many research questions remain.
Most research questions require using a variety of resources in different formats.
Most research questions take years to investigate.
Some research questions lead to a final, definitive answer.
Research reactors are interdisciplinary tools that can be used in a variety of fields.
Research reactors are quite different from power reactors used to generate electricity.
Research reactors do generate radioactive waste.
Research reactors play a vital role in important medical, agricultural, and industrial applications.
Research report includes data analysis as well as marketing implications.
Research report Summarizes key findings and discusses variations across demographic groups.
Research reports are a major part on our web sites.
Research reports are also available on the economy.
Research reports are available on Earthquake and volcano hazards in Middle America.
Research reports are available online.
Research reports are available publicly.
Research reports are available to registered users.
Research reports are due at the next class lecture period following the schedule seminar.
Research reports are the result of ongoing research.
Research reports can be overwhelming monsters for kids.
Research reports can take many different formats.
Research reports describe how.
Research reports evaluate programs and typically provide conclusions and recommendations.
Research reports provide key information about companies, industries, and the broader market.
All research reports speak of severe cramping, nausea, vomiting and bleeding.
Research scientists are active participants in the education program.
Research scientists are scientists.
Research scientists are unclear about the precise cause of migraine headaches.
Research scientists are workers.
Research scientists can then identify compounds that have an effect on the target selected.
Research scientists disagree about whether chronic sinusitis triggers headache.
Research scientists engage in a wide variety of activities as they pursue their careers.
Research scientists have a special knowledge and interest in cereal grains and oilseed processing.
Research scientists have open-ended promotion potential.
Research scientists know color has a distinct impact on our moods, thoughts, and behavior.
Research scientists must have knowledge.
Research scientists pay attention.
Research scientists pay close attention.
Research scientists share interest.
Research scientists use radar as a measurement tool.
Research scientists work to solve problems in horticulture.
Most research scientists have bachelor s degrees in science-related fields.
Most research scientists pay attention.
Most research scientists pay close attention.
Most research scientists share interest.
Some research scientists are concerned with leukemia or lymphoma.
Research ships are available to faculty and students from several sources.
Research site is on the Cedar River Watershed, which is closed to the public.
Research sites evaluate farming systems and their impacts on water resources quality.
Research sites extend from regional estuaries to the global oceans and atmosphere.
Research sites range from recently disturbed areas to old-growth forests.
Some research sites are only accessible to U of O staff and students.
Research stations are field laboratories used for research.
Some research stations melt ice to provide fresh water supplies.
Research subjects are free from obligation to remain in the study under any circumstances.
Research subjects vary widely in their cultural and educational backgrounds.
Research supervisors evaluate each student at the conclusion of the program.
Research teams conduct experiments.
Research teams conduct scale experiments.
Research teams hold activities.
Research teams hold educational activities.
Research teams produce conflict evidence.
Research teams produce evidence.
Research teams provide analyses.
Research units report either through a dean or directly to the senior vice president for research.
Research universities are a good place to look for current reliable data as well.
Research universities are among the most revolutionary and least understood American institutions.
Research universities are in trouble in many countries.
Research universities are key performers in the United States' efforts to remain paramount.
Research universities are large, complex, and driven by financial pressures on every front.
Research universities are leaders.
Research universities are one of America's greatest resources and truly the envy of the world.
Research universities are small in number, enormous in influence.
Research universities are structurally dependent on graduate programs.
Research universities are the big leagues.
Research universities are the engines driving our economy.
Research universities are the underpinning of our modern society.
Research universities are uniquely qualified to educate specialists.
Research universities can provide undergraduates with extraordinary opportunities.
Research universities exist because of government funding.
Research universities gain their reputations by building well-rounded departments.
Research universities have a unique role in establishing priorities.
Research universities have reputations as impersonal places.
Research universities remain important in all but the smallest and poorest countries.
Research universities seem to value and reward research rather than teaching.
Research universities use proportionally far fewer part-time or adjunct faculty.
Most research universities use enrollment targets to manage enrollment.
Research vessels are available for field explorations and sampling.
Research vessels find direct access to the deep-water docking facilities in the direct vicinity.
Research vessels make an attractive target for rationalisation.
Research vessels use bumkins to hold specific pieces of apparatus.
Research abounds, yet often lies unread and ignored.
Research accepts certain critical assumptions.
Research accounts to resolve discrepancies.
Research activities Analyses of cropping systems and evaluation of irrigation efficiency.
Research activities None in California.
Research addresses access to capital, odor control, and information and decision systems.
Research addresses both current and future needs of the industry.
Research addresses both methodological and analytical aspects of survey data analysis.
Research addresses human factors and performance and educationally and medically relevant research.
Research addresses mobile source pollution issues.
Research addresses the interfacial science of organic thin films.
Research addresses the pressing disease problems in the state as well as cutting-edge science.
Research addressing causal factors is presented and discussed.
Research addressing gifted and talented programs at the high school level is relatively scarce.
Research advances exponentially.
Research advances in alcohol and drug problems.
Research advances in parallel graph algorithms.
Research advances on anadromous fish in arctic Alaska and Canada.
Research advances on anadromous fish in Arctic Alaska and Canada.
Research aimed at further automating the mapping system is now under way.
Research aims at quantum electrical properties of fabricated nanostructures.
Research aims of all areas of study are mechanistic in nature.
Research aims to develop stable, integrated weed management systems.
Research aims to establish thresholds between active and inactive desert dune surfaces.
Research aims to improve techniques to identify and classify yeasts.
Research aims to reduce the overhead imposed by the operating system.
Research alleviates political pressure.
Research allows students to engage in topics that reach beyond the scope of traditional coursework.
Research allows students to integrate knowledge from a variety of disciplines.
Research already done on acid-free and archival papers can help speed the process.
Research already points to things women can do to reduce their risk of breast cancer.
Research already shows significant gender differences in response to exposure.
Research also addresses the ability to create synthetic characters with responsive behaviors.
Research also addresses the fate and migration of pollutants in groundwater.
Research also aims to expose the relationship between chemical reactivity and molecular structure.
Research also allows students to play significant roles in major projects.
Research also analyzes the efficacy, safety, and costs of newly emerging clinical interventions.
Research also benefits from the ISLs' activities.
Research also benefits the people of Ohio.
Research also carries with it substantial costs.
Research also constitutes an important activity of the department.
Research also continues into drugs that can ease the symptoms.
Research also continues on energy- saving technology.
Research also continues on ways of loading manufactured hydrogen into cars.
Research also continues to be done on ways to help people stop smoking.
Research also covers linkages across increasingly connected downstream food industries.
Research also deals with the increasing allergenic reactions caused by foods.
Research also deals with the sociology of science.
Research also demonstrates that primrose oil helps relieve pain and inflammation.
Research also demonstrates that Primrose oil helps relieve pain and inflammation.
Research also draws on combinations of the above components to achieve novel system functions.
Research also encompasses unpublished writings and work in progress.
Research also evolves into new insights about family dynamics and methods of treatment.
Research also examines the safety and financial viability of alternative medicine.
Research also feeds a book.
Research also focus on producing clones of selected aquatic plants through tissue culture.
Research also focuses on global environmental change.
Research also focuses on mitigating the effects of irrigation on the environment.
Research also focuses on picornaviruses.
Research also focuses on polar ecology and polar history.
Research also focuses on the theory of evaluation and educational policy.
Research also focuses on the understanding, assessment and treatment of suicidal behaviors.
Research also focuses on the use of wood as biofuel.
Research also focuses on urban school environments and technology in bilingual education.
Research also focusses on sequestration of carbon dioxide by forests and other vegetation.
Research also forms part of the evaluation of educational programmes.
Research also fosters independent thinking and intellectual confidence in students.
Research also has a separate lab devoted to it.
Research also helps develop academic knowledge and impacts the way subjects are taught.
Research also helps keep track of Pain Center operations and functioning.
Research also helps meet our responsibilities to improve business efficiency.
Research also includes acoustic surveys to map bottom bathymetry to locate essential reef habitat.
Research also includes basic radiation effects.
Research also includes changes in gender stratification across districts in India.
Research also includes characterrization and diagnosis of viruses of ornamental plant.
Research also includes developing thresholds for the major pests of tomatoes, peppers and potatoes.
Research also includes edge enhancement, texture analysis and visual speech recognition.
Research also includes genetic engineering of microbes.
Research also includes other disease states, such as stroke.
Research also includes physical stature in higher education administrators.
Research also includes pollution prevention for industrial facilities.
Research also includes preparation of a matrix of associated references.
Research also includes work on future video and lossless audio coding.
Research also indicates it can increase cerebral blood flow.
Research also indicates possible environmental factors such as radiation.
Research also indicates sainfoin, when mixed with alfalfa, reduces bloat.
Research also indicates that accurate note taking is related to better test performance.
Research also indicates that anorexic males tend to have more dependent and avoidant personalities.
Research also indicates that blue whales are highly social and very intelligent.
Research also indicates that certain communicable diseases affect women in greater numbers.
Research also indicates that estrogen loss has a direct effect on vascular tone.
Research also indicates that good light improves efficiency in offices.
Research also indicates that how time is used is very important.
Research also indicates that improvements in the appearance of scars are permanent.
Research also indicates that most children develop their interest and personality traits by age six.
Research also indicates that moving text is harder to read than static text.
Research also indicates that people who volunteer live longer.
Research also indicates that students living on campus have a higher GPA than students off campus.
Research also indicates that tai chi reduces blood pressure, heart rate and improves balance.
Research also indicates that TV consistently reinforces gender-role and racial stereotypes.
Research also indicates that youth who drink and drive tend to be riskier drivers in general.
Research also indicates their desire for more patient-centred care.
Research also involves mapping of the wheat genome and cloning of agronomically important genes.
Research also involves print materials and human experts.
Research also involves testing chemicals for safety or diagnosing disease.
Research also is conducted on deepwater groundfish habitats and coastal marine protected areas .
Research also is crucial for teaching in undergraduate courses.
Research also is essential for effective graduate training.
Research also is important to help find answers to societal problems.
Research also is needed to determine the optimal treatments for hip fractures.
Research also is needed to measure and project freight system performance.
Research also is supported through the program.
Research also is under way to precisely define environmental risk factors.
Research also is underway on the efficient use of fungicides for the control of maize diseases.
Research also is virtuous.
Research also keeps the education of students and residents at the cutting edge.
Research also know relatively little about the role of natural hydrology in wetland systems.
Research also links PCB exposure to developmental problems.
Research also looks promising regarding the use of acupuncture to treat asthma and nausea.
Research also means keeping up with the latest developments in biomedical technology.
Research also needs the support and the framework of a public institution.
Research also needs to be conducted on a whole-farm basis.
Research also needs to be done on how to reinforce existing policy and on underpinning new policy.
Research also needs to be done to determine the role of vocational education in reform.
Research also needs to continue to address regulatory, scheduling, and countermeasure questions.
Research also plays a larger role, with research broken up into different areas.
Research also plays a role in assessing the effectiveness of service delivery.
Research also points to a link between periodontal disease and heart disease.
Research also points to the value of mucopolysaccharides, one of the constituents of aloe vera.
Research also protects our health and safety at home, at work and in the environment.
Research also provides critical indirect economic benefits for people with disability.
Research also provides crucial insight into the inner-workings of a discipline.
Research also provides data and analysis to managers at member municipalities as required.
Research also provides important learning opportunities for advanced students.
Research also provides portfolio strategy and customized quantitative analysis services.
Research also quantifies the financial impact of a broad range of customer-focused initiatives.
Research also requires that students master the underlying concepts.
Research also reveals a profile for employees who operate well in virtual project team situations.
Research also reveals strong cycles in which one style outperforms another.
Research also reveals that walkers live longer and live healthier into old age.
Research also reveals that walking is beneficial.
Research also rewards the researcher.
Research also shows a growing demand for school choice vouchers - even in the District of Columbia.
Research also shows a strong link between enzyme deficiency and disease.
Research also shows blondes and red heads have a greater tolerance for the cold.
Research also shows good study habits produce better employees in the work place.
Research also shows how schools sometimes, albeit inadvertently, discourage parent involvement.
Research also shows it to be neuroprotective good for the nerves.
Research also shows television and magazines are important channels of food safety information.
Research also shows that a great deal of potential learning time is lost in schools and classrooms.
Research also shows that about half of sexual assault victims had been drinking.
Research also shows that activity has a positive effect on mood.
Research also shows that all beginning readers benefit from explicit phonemic awareness instruction.
Research also shows that biosolids last longer in the soil than inorganic sources of nitrogen.
Research also shows that children in poor programs fare poorly on school achievement measures.
Research also shows that children's imaginations can be powerful learning tools.
Research also shows that depression is alleviated best by combination of therapy andantidepressant.
Research also shows that education and college funding are important to the millennials.
Research also shows that ethnicity cuts across gender to shape achievement levels.
Research also shows that many retailer stores position themselves as low price stores.
Research also shows that many young people and their parents think about college too late.
Research also shows that nutritional deficiencies exacerbate the effects of toxins.
Research also shows that parents have a major impact on the decisions of their children.
Research also shows that play is essential to human learning and growth.
Research also shows that proteins from the immune system invade the injured zone.
Research also shows that reading for pleasure outside the classroom can sharpen reading skills.
Research also shows that reading is the one area that influences all other areas of school.
Research also shows that schools themselves can have an impact on parent support.
Research also shows that successful weight control involves increasing daily physical activity.
Research also shows that teachers, like students, learn best by doing.
Research also shows that teens who get less sleep earn lower grades in school.
Research also shows that the best path to attitude change often starts with behavioral change.
Research also shows that the elderly, chronically ill, and poor do worse under managed care.
Research also shows that the first year of driving is the most dangerous.
Research also shows that the mineral Boron has an effect on the brain s electrical activity.
Research also shows that the minimum wage increases welfare dependency.
Research also shows that the process can deplete vitamins.
Research also shows that there are gender differences in tobacco use and smoking cessation.
Research also shows that there is a correlation between heavy alcohol consumption and violence.
Research also shows that there os a link between high risk activity.
Research also shows that they have greater difficulty in attending post-secondary institutions.
Research also shows that wind-driven currents pile larvae up on windward sides of islands.
Research also shows that women can develop their strength at the same rate as men.
Research also shows that women often prefer women doctors.
Research also shows that women tend to refer more people by word of mouth.
Research also shows that women with more education have healthier children.
Research also shows the more movement a joint has the healthier it is.
Research also stands to gain.
Research also suggests a correlation between parent involvement and dropout rates.
Research also suggests elecampane has a direct antiparasitic effect.
Research also suggests limiting right turns on red at busy intersections.
Research also suggests nitrate harms aquatic life, such as trout fry and tadpoles.
Research also suggests that breastfed babies have higher IQs and perform better in school.
Research also suggests that deep relaxation can help with memory and learning.
Research also suggests that dreams reflect waking conflicts.
Research also suggests that friendship acts as a buffer for bullying's harmful effects.
Research also suggests that immediate self-correction of tests is critical to progress in spelling.
Research also suggests that many changes in atmospheric gas are human-induced.
Research also suggests that men and women employ different management approaches.
Research also suggests that our learning style preferences can be broadened.
Research also suggests that people in the lower social classes are most hostile to the euro.
Research also suggests that supportive parenting patterns have the opposite effect.
Research also suggests that the mind operates four rings of defenses against unwanted information.
Research also suggests that verbal rehearsal differs between auditory and visual presentation.
Research also suggests that weight preoccupation can develop into full-blown eating disorders.
Research also suggests that women are more susceptible than men.
Research also supports the use of light for the treatment of some depression.
Research also tells of the importance of parents giving education a high priority.
Research also tracks who is coming to Ohio and how much money is spent.
Research also translates into better care.
Research analyses reveals a fascinating profile of today 's female murderer.
Research analyses, discussions, critiques, field trips.
Research answers questions without expensive experimentation.
Research answers to some commonly asked questions about the desert.
Research answers to the questions generated through discussion.
Research appears in the journal Nature.
Research appears to be developing a limited role in family practice training programs.
Research appears to concentrate mainly on fish biology.
Research apprenticeships with three faculty members is required.
Research approaches in India.
Research approaches to improve the technical welfare and the environment of laying hens.
Research approaches to study novel applications of biological processes.
Research are one semester in duration and one more semester for implementation.
Research articles Only papers with main address at the laboratory are in the list.
Research assesses the worth of theory and provides the foundation for new theory to be generated.
Research assignments Culture-related enigmas solved.
Research assigns more blame to innate factors, which can be modified by experience.
Research assistants regularly review several dozen trade publications for clipping.
Research assistantships appointments are normally for one year at a time.
Research assistantships as well as teaching assistantships are available on a competitive basis.
Research assistantships related to individual faculty members' projects.
Research assistantships support most graduate students after their first year.
Research associated with the engineered products is focused in Calgary.
Research associates a diet high in transfats with an increased risk of heart disease.
Research attributes the decline in recipiency to a number of factors.
Research backs it up, too.
Research backs that up.
Research backs the test.
Research backs up that claim as well.
Research backs up the anecdotal evidence about romances' effects on the marriage bed.
Research based distance education programs face a number of obstacles around the world.
Research based in any of the social sciences is welcome.
Research based in Southern Hemisphere countries or economies in transition is encouraged.
Research based information and education to help people make better decisions in their lives.
Research based knowledge of what is likely to happen during a disaster can be helpful.
Research based learning is an important aspect of computer instruction.
Research based on bad hypotheses necessarily leads to bad science.
Research based on unknown writing is at the best of times experimental.
Research based solely on government research, no matter how well done, is poor in value.
Research bears out the differences in practices among or even within districts, states, or villages.
Research bears out the success of the intent.
Research becomes a breeze.
Research becomes motivating and meaningful.
Research becomes much easier for the on-site user.
Research becomes of value only when industry receives products and knowledge.
Research becomes simple and interesting when a variety of CDs are available to students.
Research becomes the creator and driver of the technology directions of the company.
Research becomes the main activity during the final year devoted to the dissertation.
Research begats information.
Research begets research.
Research begins by developing testable hypotheses.
Research begins during first term and is completed during second term.
Research begins during first term and is completed during Short Term.
Research begins during the fall quarter.
Research begins here.
Research Begins Here.
Research begins in county records where they settled.
Research begins in the field of refractive surgery.
Research begins in the first year with a literature study or paper.
Research begins in the summer with four weeks of field or laboratory work.
Research begins on 'marijuana patch' for cancer patients.
REsearch begins with dialogue between teachers.
Research begins with ongoing projects of the participating faculty.
Research begins with proposals.
Research begun by undergraduates is carried through to a PhD program and degree.
Research being carried out within GECP include the following projects.
Research benchmarks for adjustable table.
Research benefits all people regardless of where they live or where the funds are raised.
Research breaks down the divisions between students and teachers, and between academic disciplines.
Research breaks new ground in knowledge.
Research Bring in the boffins to invent even better attractions and facilities.
Research brings credibility to nurses and increases nursing power to influence the care of patients.
Research brings dollars into the state and solutions to society s problems.
Research brings new and important information to ethics.
Research brings new knowledge all the time and at an accelerating rate.
Research brings prestige.
Research brings tumor grading test closer to development.
Research builds on what is already known - library resources and collaborations.
Research builds upon itself like a coral reef.
Research can address ecological as well as operational wildland fire management concerns.
Research can address issues at the individual level, the societal level, or the institutional level.
Research can address issues at the individual, societal, and institutional level, or across levels.
Research can also be a focal point for a student's course work.
Research can also develop the tools and techniques for analysis and evaluation.
Research can also indicate what type of businesses have the potential to succeed.
Research can also reduce the cost of health care in the future.
Research can also seek to discover how specific aspects of communication work together.
Research can and often does lead to wonderful and completely unexpected findings.
Research can be a big clunker.
Research can be a carefully planned list of errands.
Research can be a little stressful.
Research can be a very alienating experience.
Research can be accidentally or intentionally biased when it is conducted.
Research can be all-consuming, clinical practice even more consuming.
Research can be as simple as going to the school library or clipping news paper articles.
Research can be as simple as looking at newspaper employment ads.
Research can be as simple as wanting to know more about something.
Research can be basic, clinical or applied.
Research can be both qualitative or quantitative.
Research can be by an individual or by a team.
Research can be complicated to translate into real life situations.
Research can be difficult to translate into guidelines.
Research can be difficult to translate into real life situations.
Research can be expensive.
Research can be for one semester or for the entire year.
Research can be frustrating, but it is also exciting.
Research can be helpful in several ways.
Research can be in any field.
Research can be independent or with a faculty member.
Research can be laboratory oriented, studies of a defined population group, or community based.
Research can be philosophical, historical, descriptive, experimental, or analytical.
Research can be qualitative or quantitative.
Research can be rough.
Research can be stressful for people who are unfamiliar with libraries and research systems.
Research can be tedious, but it can also be stimulating and satisfying.
Research can be the voice of consumers.
Research can be time consuming.
Research can be valuable in respect to DNA and skeletal features, such as the number of vertebrae.
Research can cock sucking adult girls.
Research can consist of doing almost anything.
Research can continue at home without interruption.
Research can contribute directly to management practices and to informing policy makers.
Research can create new and distinct learning opportunities for the students.
Research can develop correctly only when a functional unity between theory and practice exists.
Research can do much to minimize one's investment risk but can never completely negate it.
Research can effectively reduce the number of people consuming the pie.
Research can empower study to find valid understandings and correct insights.
Research can entail frustrations and disappointments as well as satisfactions.
Research can evaluate the impact of policy changes.
Research can excite people.
Research can find no difference between organic and regular milk in quality, safety or nutrition.
Research can focus on benefit plan design as well as communications.
Research can focus on infants, children, adolescents, adults, or the elderly.
Research can guide colleges in such efforts.
Research can have a major impact on the vehicles.
Research can help and plays a crucial role in establishing the status of a work.
Research can help here, too.
Research can help identify more efficient designs and longer lasting, maintenance-free materials.
Research can indicate what is likely to happen and why it happened.
Research can involve a variety of methods and materials.
Research can involve fieldwork, laboratory work, and writing up the results for publication.
Research can lead to conference presentations and professional publications.
Research can lower the cost of marketing.
Research can now begin in earnest.
Research can often benefit the understanding of both animal functions and human functions.
Research can only affirm or negate a hypothesis.
Research can play a fundamental role in finding that way.
Research can play a valuable role in every stage of the process.
Research can play a valuable role in every state of the process.
Research can produce both constant and random experimental error.
Research can produce methods of assessing change.
Research can provide effective information in social action battles.
Research can provide input into the complex and political process of educational decision making.
Research can provide new concepts and perspectives.
Research can save whales in the wild.
Research can scarcely begin to prevent unforeseen consequences from arising.
Research can strengthen the competitiveness and the development of the sector in two ways.
Research can take many forms and vary across disciplines.
Research can take many forms.
Research can take place in local, national, and international settings.
Research can take up a lot of time and money, traveling, having time off work, etc etc.
Research carries with it the commitment to persuade.
Research centres on voice research and speech communication.
Research certainly shows that cause marketing is a powerful lure.
Research challenges angioplasty risk in women.
Research challenges for carbon sequestration in terrestrial ecosystems.
Research challenges in early intervention.
Research challenges in the science application domain provide the motivation to develop such tools.
Research Check out our research library of links.
Research clearly demonstrates that education begins long before children enter elementary school.
Research clearly demonstrates that medication can be helpful.
Research clearly demonstrates that pre-fire activities save lives and property.
Research clearly demonstrates that profire activities save lives and property.
Research clearly demonstrates that time spent on homework is positively related to achievement.
Research clearly demonstrates the link between drugs and violence, including use of weapons.
Research clearly demonstrates the strong relationship between nutrition and readiness to learn.
Research clearly documents that medication can be helpful.
Research clearly indicates that guns are more deadly than other weapons.
Research clearly indicates that personality traits are remarkably stable over the life span.
Research clearly is needed on mentoring for women in the chemical sciences.
Research clearly links equity and achievement with smaller schools.
Research clearly points to amalgam safety.
Research clearly show that learning is especially impaired by alcohol and other drug abuse.
Research clearly shows that active students learn much more than passive students.
Research clearly shows that alcohol and drugs are linked with aggression.
Research clearly shows that certain species prefer certain kinds of habitat.
Research clearly shows that children become better readers by practice.
Research clearly shows that father involvement at school benefits children.
Research clearly shows that preschool-aged children learn best when the format is slow and simple.
Research clearly shows that students learn more efficiently when instruction is individualized.
Research clearly shows that the best single working posture is a variety of postures.
Research clearly shows that the formal study of grammar has little effect on writing improvement.
Research clearly shows that women with high dietary fiber intake have less breast cancer.
Research clearly shows that's how young children learn best.
Research clearly shows the benefit of changing state laws to increase access to syringes.
Research clearly substantiates that it is an effective program.
Research combines observations with a hierarchy of numerical models of varying complexity.
Research combines theoretical, numerical and experimental analyses to achieve results.
Research combines theoretical, numerical and experimental analysis.
Research comes first.
Research comes from a wide variety of sources including primary sources.
Research comes in many forms.
Research comes next, which typically takes around a month.
Research commonalities between different time lapses.
Research commonalities Previous work in the career field points towards several commonalities.
Research communities new to advanced computing.
Research competing online newsletters to see what they're all about.
Research comprises an important aspect of the research master and doctorate.
Research concentrates mostly on sensors.
Research concentrates on developing new synthetic methodologies for oxygenated functionalities.
Research concentrates on finding a safer catalyst system.
Research concentrates on potatoes, cereals, forages, and sugar beets.
Research concentrates on product technology development, food safety, and dairy herd health.
Research concentrates on the biochemistry of proteolytic mechanisms of cell cycle control.
Research concentrates on three general problem areas.
Research concerning drivers, marques, series, teams, and tracks is well-suited to our resources.
Research concerning inflammatory bowel disease is ongoing.
Research concerning that topic is performed currently.
Research concerning women's images in newspapers and print media gives ambivalent conclusions.
Research concerns both basic and applied issues.
Research concerns itself with unknowns.
Research concerns the design of industrial systems.
Research conclusively shows that breastfeeding has a positive effect on health.
Research conducted at public universities is increasingly industry-funded.
Research conducted by students is an integral segment of the course.
Research conducted in Australia supports the above.
Research conducted in institutional, educational and home settings is emphasized.
Research conducted in labs and computer rooms is discussed among peers.
Research conducted in partnership with schools and school districts is encouraged.
Research conducted in wound healing continues to improve treatment protocols.
Research conducted on humans can be incredibly difficult to do.
Research conducted on our preserves does, however, require prior approval.
Research confirms a strong correlation between animal cruelty and violence against humans.
Research confirms a strong correlation between violence against animals and violence toward humans.
Research confirms common sense.
Research confirms healing is effective well beyond a placebo effect.
Research confirms it has antibacterial action and lowers blood pressure .
Research confirms it has antibacterial action and lowers blood pressure.
Research confirms it.
Research confirms that active fathers make a real difference in the lives of their children.
Research confirms that added lanes increase traffic volume.
Research confirms that all persons have innate potential in music.
Research confirms that birth to three is the most critical window for any child's development.
Research confirms that breaking down the walls of anonymity promotes learning.
Research confirms that dropping out of school is a gateway to all types of social delinquency.
Research confirms that infants begin learning language during the first six months of life.
Research confirms that qualified teachers make a significant difference in student learning.
Research confirms that science principals are best teamed through hands-on lessons.
Research confirms that students learn best when they are actively participating.
Research confirms that the results of such measures are well worth the effort.
Research confirms that the teen years are very different today than a generation ago.
Research confirms that there is no safe level of dioxins.
Research confirms that women are at greatest risk of being killed when they try to break away.
Research confirms that young children are particularly prone to finger trapping accidents.
Research confirms the importance of close tolerance machining and strict quality control.
Research confirms the presence of anti-inflammatory properties in ginger as well.
Research confirms what many parents, educators, and business leaders understand.
Research confirms, tourists appreciate that special tidbit that made their visit memorable.
Research considers individual differences, navigation patterns and learning outcomes.
Research considers the influence of the abiotic environment on crop growth, development, and yield.
Research consistently proves that online consumers feel the Web lacks adequate customer support.
Research consistently recommends an increase in contextualized instruction.
Research consistently shows successful college students study together.
Research consistently shows that cohabitation is a very weak family form.
Research consistently shows that higher property values exist for residential areas near transit.
Research consistently shows that one out of every two or three American homes contains firearms.
Research consistently shows that pension coverage and income are associated with higher wages.
Research consistently shows that phonological skills are the key to reading competence.
Research consistently shows yield and quality of produce improves when a buried drip system is used.
Research consists of aerodynamic prediction methods and wind-tunnel experiments.
Research consists of both national and international co-operation.
Research consists of direct and indirect observation in the laboratory or in the field.
Research consists of four main programs.
Research consists of studies on wildlife law violators and game wardens.
Research constitutes rigorous methodology for data gathering and interpretation.
Research contains a brief description of the areas of research the lecturers are involved in.
Research Contains a short description, links and related litterature.
Research continually expands our understanding of cancer's causes and development.
Research continue to find new uses for corn.
Research continues .
Research continues as to how to apply gaged data to managed sites.
Research continues as to whether yo-yo dieting is dangerous to cardiovascular health.
Research continues at a rapid pace, and patent applications have been filed.
Research continues at the site and the cave remains open to scientists throughout most of the year.
Research continues at various places across the continent.
Research continues during the school year, with laboratory work, library research, and writing.
Research continues for foods that can match the taste and feel of real fat.
Research continues for new treatments, improving quality of life, and prevention and cure.
Research continues from beginning to end, becoming most intensive before each interview session.
Research continues here and elsewhere in the Southeast.
Research continues in a variety of other forestry-related areas.
Research continues in all areas, including identifying and breeding for disease resistance.
Research continues in an attempt to discover how it got there and what it actually does.
Research continues in an effort to evaluate the potential benefits of air duct cleaning.
Research continues in an effort to make the seating compartment and front end of the cars safer.
Research continues in developing a remotely actuated, retraction system for the tabs.
Research continues in dribs and drabs, but is making much less news than in the past.
Research continues in gene therapy for brain cancer and head and neck cancer.
Research continues in order to establish the true extent of the threat to human health.
Research continues in order to refine our understanding of human impacts on the whales.
Research continues in other countries.
Research continues in search of ways of automating various aspects of the process.
Research continues in the area of direct-fed microbials for ruminants.
Research continues in the area of food waste as a source of feed for swine.
Research continues in the comming years.
Research continues in the hope of developing better treatments and a vaccine.
Research continues in the public and private sector.
Research continues in trying to understand the mind and behavior of the pathological liar.
Research continues into all phases of heartworm disease.
Research continues into finding additional alternatives.
Research continues into finding possible causes.
Research continues into finding the specific plants that increased caterpillar populations.
Research continues into hopeful treatment possibilities.
Research continues into how to present tables for blind and visually impaired users.
Research continues into preventative vaccines.
Research continues into the cause of the problem.
Research continues into the cause.
Research continues into the causes and treatments of different forms of epilepsy.
Research continues into the effects of pollutants on park resources.
Research continues into the global transport of Saharan dust and other global transport connections.
Research continues into the ways in which computers can be used for science education.
Research continues on a nicotine patch, used to help smokers top smoking.
Research continues on a number of themes related to rural development.
Research continues on alternative de-icing chemicals.
Research continues on aspects of war and medicine, and medicine and imperialism.
Research continues on both a clinical and basic science level.
Research continues on both sides of the Atlantic.
Research continues on cave fossils, cave biology, and cave geology.
Research continues on developing improved designs for multichannel cochlear implants.
Research continues on dyes, media, and viewing methods.
Research continues on effective contraceptives that minimize side effects.
Research continues on fossils and geology.
Research continues on further automation of such instruments.
Research continues on genetically modified tomatoes.
Research continues on identifying the potent constituents.
Research continues on new chemical and nonchemical methods.
Research continues on other fronts in addition to locating the X-linked gene.
Research continues on pest control and improved woodlot management.
Research continues on Schizophrenia.
Research continues on seeking actual costs to the university.
Research continues on several groups of entomopoxviruses that infect grasshoppers.
Research continues on the best way to delay insect resistance.
Research continues on the crime section of our site.
Research continues on the effect of wind generation on electric system reliability.
Research continues on the effects of fescue toxicity on horses.
Research continues on the effects of laser light on the human body.
Research continues on the evolutionary relationships of the major groups of animals.
Research continues on the giant sequoias.
Research continues on the habitat use and site fidelity of the mountain yellow-legged frog.
Research continues on the mechanisms at work in the Charleston area.
Research continues on the plants and their evolutionary relationships.
Research continues on the project.
Research continues on the proposal.
Research continues on the shell material.
Research continues on the size and configuration of refuge areas, confirming earlier studies.
Research continues on the submarine.
Research continues on various topics such as attention and emotional response.
Research continues on ways of reducing the charging times for electric cars.
Research continues on yet more branches.
Research continues on yield, lodging resistance, and herbicides.
Research continues regarding other factors.
Research continues regarding the development of an international summit.
Research continues seeking a definitive cause.
Research continues through the present without continuing funding.
Research continues to actually identify the gene.
Research continues to address a number of future trends.
Research continues to ascertain the actual toll on Inuit health.
Research continues to authenticate the story and characters.
Research continues to be done to find new therapies for retinopathy.
Research continues to be tremendous fun.
Research continues to clarify soy's role.
Research continues to compile data on disorder.
Research continues to confirm the existence of paranormal powers.
Research continues to determine the cause for the loss of efficacy.
Research continues to determine whether nutritional value of the rice is affected.
Research continues to determine why the operation affects diabetes.
Research continues to develop new drugs, new combinations of drugs and new ways of delivering drugs.
Research continues to develop rapid, reliable methods to detect salmonellae.
Research continues to discover new uses for by-products.
Research continues to evaluate irradiation as part of an overall system of ensuring food safety.
Research continues to explore how the illness affects women.
Research continues to explore the possibility of prevention.
Research continues to find more effective therapies for peripheral neuropathy.
Research continues to find out the cause of the follicular occlusion.
Research continues to find tests with greater specificity, accuracy, and ease of application.
Research continues to find ways of creating animation that takes up less memory.
Research continues to find ways of funding the proposed project.
Research continues to identify many advantages to having students write cooperatively.
Research continues to improve existing treatments.
Research continues to increase knowledge of the human immunodeficiency virus.
Research continues to indicate that parents are a child's most important teacher.
Research continues to inform and improve nutraceutical product development.
Research continues to inform the writing of the play.
Research continues to investigate as well the cancer- preventive benefits of resveratrol.
Research continues to investigate other parameters for assessing soybean N credits.
Research continues to investigate ways of reducing odor from animal manure.
Research continues to lead to extraordinary cliscoveries.
Research continues to lead to improved treatments and longer disease free survival.
Research continues to look for the inherited genetic defect associated with the illness.
Research continues to look for ways to prevent cataracts.
Research continues to make only incremental advances in the treatment of the overall condition.
Research continues to make such materials practical for microelectronics applications.
Research continues to map and identify the gene or genes responsible for the disorder.
Research continues to predict the move toward online transactions and ordering in our industry.
Research continues to produce better drugs.
Research continues to provide ever more effective methods.
Research continues to provides more and more evidence for the the induced travel effect.
Research continues to represent a major thrust of the university.
Research continues to shed light on our biochemical requirements.
Research continues to show any exercise is better than none.
Research continues to show that air pollution can cause serious lung problems.
Research continues to show that any exercise is better than none.
Research continues to show that drug courts reduce recidivism.
Research continues to show that girls are less likely to choose computer-based careers than boys.
Research continues to show that little formal instruction is effective.
Research continues to show that technology professionals and active tech buyers prefer the Internet.
Research continues to show that the first five years of life are critical.
Research continues to show that the role of the principal in schools is critical.
Research continues to solve the mystery.
Research continues to study the involvement of neural, immune and endocrine systems.
Research continues to tap at doors yet blocks still prevent genuine cures for depression.
Research continues to turn up new evidence of surveying in ancient Egypt.
Research continues to uncover new drugs and treatments for diabetes.
Research continues to uncover new drugs and treatments for organ transplantation.
Research continues today with several genealogists in the family.
Research continues toward breeding anthracnose-resistant dogwoods.
Research continues unabated.
Research continues world-wide, at several universities.
Research continues, but at a very slow pace.
Research continues, but it's already continued a long time now.
Research continues, however many questions still remain unanswered.
Research continues, therefore, to develop transportation technologies that reduce emissions.
Research contrasts with the horror and moral judgment most observers experience when famine strikes.
Research contributes to develop solutions to complex world needs.
Research contributes to good teaching.
Research contributes to practice by providing empirical information.
Research correlating cortisol production with stress is included.
Research costs money and that cuts into company profit.
Research costs money which has to be recouped in product revenues.
Research costs money.
Research costs time and money.
Research cover a broad area.
Research covers a broad spectrum of transportation issues.
Research covers a large area in the field of audio-visual information processing.
Research covers a variety of topics on national security and economic cooperation.
Research covers all aspects of chemistry from the physical to the biological.
Research covers autoimmunity aspect of vaccines in autism.
Research covers both theoretical and empirical approaches to the discipline of politics.
Research covers market assisted breeding for drought, submergence, and salinity tolerance.
Research covers rice, beans, cassava, forages and pasture.
Research covers the rich area of women's experience in early medieval Europe.
Research covers wheat, barley, chickpea, lentils, pasture legumes and small ruminants.
Research creates knowledge which has to be extracted from large volumes of data.
Research creates new opportunities.
Research creates the jobs that make welfare reform possible.
Research critiques .
Research culminates in a paper and formal public seminar.
Research culminates in a scholarly dissertation that is defended during a final examination.
Research culminates in a thesis, usually after three years.
Research currently being conducted throughout the U.S. also suggests the same results.
Research currently focuses on plant gravity sensing and control systems at the cellular level.
Research currently involves projects in Texas, Africa and the former Soviet Union.
Research currently is under way to examine the possibility.
Research databases Academic journal articles, news resources, and other commercial databases.
Research deals with market based management, and other market based approaches to economic problems.
Research deals with sensitive topics relating to the subjects' own behavior.
Research deals with sensitive topics.
Research deals with students, psychiatric patients, inmate, and job applicant populations.
Research debunks long-held notionsabout sexual orientation.
Research defines organizational problems.
Research demands a higher order of discipline.
Research demonstrates it is the quality of the relationship that is important.
Research demonstrates it to be nature's most powerful fat loss aid.
Research demonstrates preventive benefits from herbal and natural alternatives.
Research demonstrates that all five major wax sources are equally safe.
Research demonstrates that all-cap treatment of letters makes words harder to read.
Research demonstrates that aluminum is toxic to fin fish.
Research demonstrates that antibiotics can be a helpful adjunct to treating periodontal disease.
Research demonstrates that arts education improves academic performance.
Research demonstrates that basic education has a clear effect on agricultural productivity.
Research demonstrates that children are best served with access to two parents.
Research demonstrates that innovation is a non-linear, social and political process.
Research demonstrates that it is possible to reduce suffering at the end of life.
Research demonstrates that lawyers suffer from a high incidence of depression.
Research demonstrates that many risk and resiliency factors are rooted in family life.
Research demonstrates that mentoring makes a difference, a positive difference.
Research demonstrates that teacher quality is a key component in student achievement.
Research demonstrates that their nutritional value is raised when they are supplemented together.
Research demonstrates that when cancer surgery has been curative, the AMAS value returns to normal.
Research demonstrates that yoga increases immune function therefore decreases absenteeism.
Research demonstrates that, on average, pets help keep their owners healthy and active.
Research demonstrates the importance belief and expectation exerts on the final outcome.
Research depends on access to necessary information .
Research depends upon high quality data and accurate interpretations.
Research depends upon the earliest printed copies .
Research depends upon the earliest printed copies.
Research designs from similar projects to determine feasibility of technology transfer.
Research designs from which causal inferences are sought.
Research designs that involve several criterion measures.
Research determines consumer desires, motivations, ideals, thoughts, etc.
Research determines optimum economic design and utilization of new composite materials.
Research determining how to manage basil downy mildew is in the early stages.
Research develops efficient algorithms for collision detection between polygonal and curved models.
Research develops new knowledge for teaching and improved services.
Research diagnoses for tardive dyskinesia.
Research differentiates our SON with from other schools of nursing in region.
Research digs up the ammunition.
Research directly supports graduate instruction.
Research discovers new uses and ways to administer old medications.
Research discovers that oat bran reduces blood cholesterol and reduces the risk of heart disease.
Research diseases that are often result from cigarette smoking.
Research dispels early concerns over packaging.
Research disputes assumptions about child molesters.
Research distinguishes real issues from noise, reason from rationalisation.
Research Do some research on the location of the auditions or look see.
Research Do some Web research on artificial intelligence .
Research documents a significant change in children's behavior in the last the ten years.
Research documents the benefits of pumping iron for seniors, even frail elderly people.
Research does confirm that a significant proportion of minority elders live with their family.
Research does indicate that taller grass usually correlates with a deeper root system.
Research does indicate that there are effective ways to praise learners .
Research does make a difference.
Research does require dedication, discipline and hard work, but the rewards are worth it.
Research does seem to indicate that mistletoe has become more abundant in woodland areas.
Research does show that aspirin therapy can help people who already have heart disease.
Research does support the theory.
Research does, however, point to the benefits of group counseling.
Research doesnt seek.
Research done by freelance suppliers is an additional source of information.
Research done by list members is especially welcome.
Research done by staff is limited to in-house materials.
Research done for academic purposes is no defence.
Research done in Idaho shows cattle much prefer hay cut in the afternoon to hay cut in the morning.
Research done in the department closely parallels subject matter covered in the academic program.
Research done on alternative responses reflects the difficulty in creating comparable tasks.
Research done on the family's impact on education is conclusive.
Research done with rats shows the powerful effects of forming a fear memory.
Research done, it's time to hit the road.
Research draws on computer, information, cognitive, and social science.
Research drives innovations in the field and ultimately improves diagnosis and therapy for patients.
Research drives public policy to reduce unintended pregnancies, abortion, and STDs.
Research drives the knowledge base in public health, just as it does in other fields.
Research eases the transition into a developing region.
Research emphasizes both basic and applied questions.
Research emphasizes environmental stress physiology in turfgrass.
Research emphasizes investigation of treatment effectiveness.
Research emphasizes subbottom acoustic studies at frequencies ranging from high to ultra low.
Research emphasizes the integration of infra-human and clinical research.
Research emphasizes vegetarian nutrition and plant-foods in relation to human health.
Research emphasizing birds, fish, or large mammals is preferred.
Research employing a diverse range of methodologies is welcomed.
Research enable the staff to develop expertise in a variety of new areas.
Research enables more efficient lighting ballasts and window coatings that conserve heat.
Research enables new cures and better treatments.
Research enables our patients to be on the cutting edge of medical advancements.
Research enables practitioners to better tailor programs.
Research encompasses a broad range of theoretical and practical topics.
Research encompasses both biological and life-span developmental paths leading to mental disorder.
Research encompasses both light and heavy vehicles and focuses on the areas listed below.
Research encompasses both quantitative and qualitative methods.
Research encompasses deciduous fruit production, protection, harvesting and sorting.
Research encompasses mathematical as well as neurological motor control models.
Research encompasses scholarly investigations conducted for discovery and application of knowledge.
Research encompasses studies on species, populations, and ecosystems.
Research encompasses turfgrass edapholology, morphogenesis, and management systems.
Research ends with the completion of an empirical dissertation.
Research engenders a spirit of enquiry, discovery and enthusiasm among staff and students.
Research enhances classroom instruction, providing exceptional learning opportunities for students.
Research enhances professional nursing practice.
Research enhances the quality of both undergraduate and graduate teaching.
Research ensures our past is preserved for the future.
Research ensures that the policy or plan is well informed.
Research entails free inquiry which often fails to support preconceived ideas.
Research equals reputation.
Research establishes three important conclusions.
Research estimates on the business potential of the web are staggering.
Research evaluates methods of production, with an emphasis on crop quality and cost efficiency.
Research evaluating the efficacy of electrotherapy treatment is necessary.
Research even hints that the hormone can affect male brain function.
Research even proves people who volunteer lead longer, happier and healthier lives.
Research examines the changes in organized labor's legislative and political agenda.
Research exercises .
Research exercises open to choice within the topical framework of the course.
Research existing campaigns Find out current public attitude.
Research exists on the efficacy of melatonin in treating jet lag and certain sleep disorders.
Research explains how to use a document with a searchable index, and much more.
Research explains how to use a document with a searchable index.
Research explores what media customers use, and how they decided to purchase the product.
Research exploring ways to improve patients' quality of life is an important part of the program.
Research exposes local knowledge to piracy.
Research exposes students to interdisciplinary studies.
Research extends from cellular physiology to studies of behavior in natural environments.
Research extends from laboratories and field sites into the classroom and beyond to the community.
Research extends from studies of the retina of embryonic mice to the visual cortex of adult humans.
Research extends knowledge.
Research extends to all visual systems including that of humans.
Research facilitates reform efforts and dissuades empty rhetoric.
Research failing to confirm preconceived beliefs is considered flawed research.
Research fails to support back belts.
Research falls into three major areas as outlined below.
Research falls within two general categories, clinical and biomedical.
Research FAQs . . . .
Research feeds directly into teaching across all our programmes.
Research fellows assist and collaborate with faculty on academic research.
Research figures prominently in our report in another sense.
Research files primarily concerning historic buildings, plats, and land grants.
Research Find out about our scientific interests.
Research Find out about the latest and research developments conducted by our department.
Research Find out as much as possible about the company.
Research Find out how the organization places interns and who the right person is to contact.
Research Find out what opportunities exist.
Research finds an interesting story of the tug Enterprise which ran aground near the light.
Research finds hearing aids provide important benefits Hearing aids are remarkable devices.
Research finds live-in relationships are highly sexual.
Research finds no reliable link between pedagogical training and classroom success.
Research finds otherwise.
Research finds professors tend to ask only lower order questions.
Research finds risk in early test of fetus.
Research finds serious reactions in some patients using the adhesive with glutaraldehyde.
Research finds that machines with human like qualities can better achieve their objectives.
Research finds that marriage is in decline primarily due to a lack of information.
Research finds that parent involvement is one of the most important factors in student performance.
Research finds that patients like the system very much.
Research finds that students with different needs look to different types of individuals as a hero.
Research finds that the empty nest years are a crisis time for many couples, but help is here.
Research finds that the majority of children miss their fathers very much.
Research finds that there are many causes.
Research finds women do handle pain better.
Research finds, in general, women like more details in conversation.
Research flows and it is easy to follow the information.
Research focuses mainly on environmental aspects, but is also conducted in a variety of other areas.
Research focuses now on the connection between euthermy and synaptogenesis.
Research focuses on a range of health interventions and diseases in a variety of countries.
Research focuses on a wide range of international, cultural and historical issues.
Research focuses on adults with serious mental illness.
Research focuses on advanced semiconductor and micromachine device design and process technology.
Research focuses on animals of significant commercial importance.
Research focuses on antecedents and consequences of organizational adaptation and change.
Research focuses on application of diagnostic criteria to define similar environments.
Research focuses on applied linguistics and the exploitation of media.
Research focuses on applied physiology, movement analysis, motor behavior, and motor control.
Research focuses on applied probability and stochastic processes.
Research focuses on aspects of dynamic fluid-structure interaction and ultrasonic medical imaging.
Research focuses on assessing efficiency of movement using computer monitoring and analysis.
Research focuses on auditing, accounting education, and ethics.
Research focuses on automation and artificial intelligence for the construction industry.
Research focuses on behavioral auditing.
Research focuses on both basic and applied aspects of cereal foods manufacturing.
Research focuses on brain injury, neural plasticity and outcomes research.
Research focuses on bunchgrass species such as Idaho fescue and squirreltail.
Research focuses on business performance metrics, especially customer satisfaction.
Research focuses on classical and experimental design.
Research focuses on coastal and estuarine regions.
Research focuses on coastal oceanographic regimes.
Research focuses on combining remote sensing with biophysical and landscape ecology.
Research focuses on communicative theory and reason.
Research focuses on composite lines of cattle.
Research focuses on computer applications to group decision making, social choice, and game theory.
Research focuses on computer simulation of quantum systems relevant to condensed matter physics.
Research focuses on computer-assisted diagnosis as it relates to diagnostic pathology and radiology.
Research focuses on consumer behavior, marketing research, and measurement.
Research focuses on control of diseases of turf, ornamental and floricultural crops.
Research focuses on corporate finance, microeconomics and contract theory.
Research focuses on developing alternative methods to extensive grid soil sampling.
Research focuses on developing and validating new biomarkers for environmental carcinogen exposure.
Research focuses on developing animal models of diseases.
Research focuses on developing chemical sensors for toxic gases and liquid analytes.
Research focuses on developing methods to distinguish viable from nonviable particles.
Research focuses on econometric theory and applications.
Research focuses on economic theory and economic behavior under uncertainty.
Research focuses on Egyptian female labor market.
Research focuses on energy policy issues and the analysis of energy-related environmental risks.
Research focuses on entrepreneurship, technology management, and strategy.
Research focuses on equine exercise physiology, in particular respiratory problems.
Research focuses on equipment and operations specific to such mining.
Research focuses on examples in the management of construction aggregate.
Research focuses on financial reporting issues.
Research focuses on foreign tax systems, and effective corporate tax rates.
Research focuses on freshwater systems, with particular emphasis on streams and rivers.
Research focuses on furniture and storage systems.
Research focuses on game theory applied to financial settings.
Research focuses on genes that affect cellular radioresistance.
Research focuses on genes that effect cellular radioresistance.
Research focuses on global security, global ecology, and bioscience.
Research focuses on historical interactions between communications technology and urbanism.
Research focuses on how antibodies kill viruses and the structure of various viral components.
Research focuses on human decision-making, knowledge acquisition and other cognitive tasks.
Research focuses on human-computer communication.
Research focuses on implementable results that address critical needs of rail transportation.
Research focuses on important topics related to tropical agriculture in developing countries.
Research focuses on improving accuracy and reducing fatigue rather than increasing intelligibility.
Research focuses on incentive and constraint effects of property and tort law.
Research focuses on information dissemination.
Research focuses on international political economy and public policy.
Research focuses on investments, futures and options, and fixed-income markets.
Research focuses on jet propulsion systems and design.
Research focuses on learning and memory processes in animals.
Research focuses on linguistics, ethnomusicology, ethnography, and education.
Research focuses on management and utilization of pasture and range in central and south Florida.
Research focuses on many aspects of thyroid disorders.
Research focuses on materials used in flexible magnetic media and heads and optical storage.
Research focuses on mechanism-based intervention of cytotoxicity.
Research focuses on methodologies for designing and evaluating interfaces.
Research focuses on methods for scaling up models describing gas phase transient mixing.
Research focuses on micromagnetic modeling.
Research focuses on mobile computing, digital media convergence and digital economy.
Research focuses on morphology and the emergent properties of complex spatial systems.
Research focuses on naturally occurring tumors in dogs as models of human cancer.
Research focuses on nonlinear dynamics and theoretical issues in the control of mechanical systems.
Research focuses on olfactory learning and memory.
Research focuses on operations research, decision sciences.
Research focuses on paternity analysis, bird sexing and genetic variability.
Research focuses on pesticide content of runoff waters from containerized plant nurseries.
Research focuses on phonological disorders, the supervisory process and clinical training.
Research focuses on physical acoustics.
Research focuses on political methodology, legislator preference measures, political economy.
Research focuses on prediction, prevention, and treatment.
Research focuses on producing compounds for international registration as new antimalarial agents.
Research focuses on production and decision and information sciences.
Research focuses on public finance, public choice, and regional economic development.
Research focuses on quality improvement, regression, and application of designed experiments.
Research focuses on quasiparticle energies of semiconductors.
Research focuses on reducing toxicities of chemotherapy in children and on supportive-care issues.
Research focuses on respiratory, cardiovascular and muscle functions in humans.
Research focuses on risk and protective factors of substance use among Thai adolescents.
Research focuses on school finance and related policy issues.
Research focuses on social and cognitive interaction and learning in different educational contexts.
Research focuses on spectroscopic observations which classify stars according to spectral type.
Research focuses on statistical quality control.
Research focuses on statistics and probability.
Research focuses on strategic management, competitive strategy, and industry dynamics.
Research focuses on strategy and decision making.
Research focuses on streamlining applications to make the best use of the available bandwidth.
Research focuses on sustainable resource management and coastal management-oriented studies.
Research focuses on taxpayer compliance with income tax and prepayment requirements.
Research focuses on technological and organizational evolution and corporate entrepreneurship.
Research focuses on the areas listed below.
Research focuses on the biochemistry and molecular biology of cancer.
Research focuses on the biological and physiological mechanisms of exercise training.
Research focuses on the Canada - U.S.defense relationship and freedom of information.
Research focuses on the cellular physiology of intestinal electrolyte transport.
Research focuses on the climate system, climate variability and global change issues.
Research focuses on the connection between assets and macroeconomic phenomena using contract theory.
Research focuses on the continuum electromechanics and binding kinetics of articulate cartilage.
Research focuses on the detection of cytogenetic abnormalities in human hematological malignancies.
Research focuses on the development of case studies and case pedagogy.
Research focuses on the economics of the Middle East.
Research focuses on the environmental fate of the broad-spectrum soil fumigant metham sodium.
Research focuses on the epidemiology of peanut stem rot.
Research focuses on the formulation and implementation of American environmental policies.
Research focuses on the interface of entrepreneurship, strategy, and economics.
Research focuses on the interface of exchange among business, government, and Third sectors.
Research focuses on the market valuation of firms.
Research focuses on the Mediterranean region and other areas influenced by Mediterranean cultures.
Research focuses on the molecular biology of selected insect pharmaceutical targets.
Research focuses on the molecular genetic analysis of cell cycle control mechanisms.
Research focuses on the political culture of nuclear weapons scientists and antinuclear activists.
Research focuses on the repair of various soft tissue injuries.
Research focuses on the role of technoscience in development of agricultural production.
Research focuses on the roles of fire and grazing in maintaining the tallgrass prairie.
Research focuses on the structure and function of proteins at molecular and cellular levels.
Research focuses on the theory and application of the landscape ecosystem approach.
Research focuses on the U.S. Constitution and the Florida Constitution.
Research focuses on the use of advanced oxidation processes.
Research focuses on the use of infrared, mass, and nuclear magnetic resonance spectra.
Research focuses on the working of international financial markets.
Research focuses on three clusters , each containing two issues and selected challenges.
Research focuses on three critical areas - water quality, soil sustainability, and biodiversity.
Research focuses on time series generation and analysis of sediments from a geochemical perspective.
Research focuses on topics of mutual interest to the countries involved.
Research focuses on two areas.
Research focuses on two major areas.
Research focuses on understanding the pathobiology of traumatic brain injury.
Research focuses on understanding the physical properties of amphiphiles with chelating headgroups.
Research focuses on using stochastic processes to model biological systems such as gene regulation.
Research focuses on wheat varieties, soil fertility and weed control.
Research focuses on why people believe in bogus therapies.
Research focuses on why various structural components break, fatigue, or wear out.
Research focuses on wild dogs, elephants and leopards.
Research focuses primarily on in-depth transcultural caring phenomena.
Research focuses primarily on Southern women.
Research focuses to a large extent around diagnosis and treatment of affective disorders.
Research focusing on students with disabilities affects only a small number of students.
Research focusses on the genetic and environmental factors which determine sex in fish.
Research follows a specific plan of procedure.
Research follows protocols and informed consent.
Research follows the exam which is culminated by completion of a dissertation and a formal defense.
Research forms an important source of information and creates an impetus for policy development.
Research forms an integral part of our activities.
Research forms the bridge between the investors and investment banking.
Research forms the core of message development, campaign positioning and targeting.
Research fosters that.
Research funded by industry routinely fails to confirm academic results.
Research funded by the prestigious award is likely to influence national park policy.
Research generally begins with a hypothesis or prediction about behaviour drawn from a theory.
Research generally favors the use of calculators in classroom instruction, the report notes.
Research generally favors the use of calculators in classroom instruction.
Research generally points to a negative relationship between school size and district achievement.
Research generated by the center can have a tremendous impact on the company's direction.
Research Get the facts about handheld technology use in middle and high school.
Research Get the facts about handheld technology use in schools.
Research gives an overview over the research projects at the institute.
Research gives reason to believe.
Research gives students the opportunity to put their knowledge to work.
Research goes from theory to practice, practice to theory.
Research goes on all the time to improve forestry and manufacturing practices.
Research goes on constantly on the problem of repairing damaged brains and nerve tissue.
Research goes on to discover additional uses.
Research goes to finding practical steps to make that vision a reality.
Research grounds the authority of the largest display and the integrity of the smallest label.
Research grows in depth.
Research guides for dozens of general subject areas.
Research guides for students and teachers.
Research guides funding and programming priorities for prevention.
Research guides practice and is superior to practice.
Research guides the selection of the right instruments and music to portray a product.
Research happens everywhere.
Research harbors a lot of second and third-rate people.
Research has a long tradition of work in the area of digital libraries.
Research has a psychobiological frame with focus on stress and health.
Research has a wealth of reports and links looking at e-business trends.
Research has also show that anxiety is negatively related to how much individuals enjoy an activity.
Research has an analytic and experimental component.
Research has applications in design of cleaner burning jet engines.
Research has great value.
Research has helped shed light on the patterns of inheritance of atopic dermatitis.
Research has important implications for the development and application of indicators.
Research has involve studying complex parallel software systems as well as simulation environments.
Research has many ancillary advantages in terms of staff motivation and retention.
Research has other bad news for women in political life.
Research has practical relevance beyond the research setting.
Research has practical relevance within the research setting.
Research has shown chunking is trainable.
Research has shown tamoxifen can worsen hot flash symptoms, however.
Research has shown that exercise, a healthy diet and stress management can reduce symptoms.
Research has shown that ozone mixed with acids can be more harmful than ozone alone.
Research has shown that peer to peer education is very effective.
Research has shown that women seek affairs in order to be loved, have a friend, and feel needed.
Research has shown vaccine use reduces the amount of the virus and the length of viral shedding.
Research has the highest priority in planning and resource allocation.
Research has the potential to improve the quality of education significantly.
Research has to be done with specific conditions in mind.
Research has to be done, analysing the causes of non growth.
Research has to be done.
Research has to be timely in order to gather accurate perceptions.
Research has to be useful, even if many years down the line, to be worthwhile.
Research has to provide the needed information.
Research has wonderful, effective health and nutrition products.
Research has yet to determine if damage caused by the mite is of economic importance.
Research has yet to identify specific ways in which volunteering enhances health.
Research has yet to reveal the complexities of how students learn about technology.
Research has yet to uncover concrete evidence for the exact death date.
Research has, then set out to prove that one form of mixing students works better than another.
Research Have students review waste reference sources in their school resource centre.
Research Have students work in small groups to present information about gun control and gun safety.
Research Have the students research written materials on the topic.
Research Help Helpful websites, citation guides, ask a librarian etc.
Research helps animal agriculture by finding new and better ways of caring for animals.
Research helps bridge gap between cultural, medical practices.
Research helps build the critical skills needed to work from problems to solutions.
Research helps minimise the risk.
Research helps students develop competence in organizing and dealing with unstructured problems.
Research helps to inform our decisionmaking process.
Research helps, though.
Research here concentrates on the development of algorithms to process test data.
Research here focuses on beef cattle and forage production.
Research here focuses on improving pasture for year-round livestock production.
Research here helps farmers raise crops using plasticulture and drip irrigation.
Research here is centers on semiconductors, computer science, physical science and mathematics.
Research here is concerned mainly with the mechanisms and controls of recombination in eukaryotes.
Research here is largely noninvasive, and even blood samples are taken sparingly.
Research here means books , reference works , and serious journals .
Research here ranges across the panorama of science.
Research highlights incidence of false breast-cancer alarms.
Research highlights several issues that are particularly important for LGBT elders.
Research holds the key to better ways to prevent and relieve fatigue.
Research holds the key to better ways to prevent, diagnose, and control myositis.
Research holds the key to improved prevention, early detection, diagnosis, and treatment of cancer.
Research holds the key to unlocking the possibilities of ageing well.
Research holds the key.
Research identifies key competitors financial positions.
Research identifies most common problems experienced in a company managing IT service in-house.
Research identifies new opportunities that can be exploited to enhance infectious disease control.
Research ignores the orangutan Because it's hard to spell.
Research illustrates the first year of recovery is the most difficult.
Research illustrates the first year of recovery to be the most difficult.
Research impacts the classroom in less direct ways as well.
Research implicates genes and brain chemicals.
Research improves on the mistakes of the old and creates the better.
Research includes a literature review of selected books and Internet sites.
Research includes a shelterbelt project combined with strip-cropping on the contour.
Research includes a variety of professional, scholarly, and creative activities.
Research includes agronomic aspects, harvesting modalities, forage preservation and animal trials.
Research includes all aspects of genealogy including census records.
Research includes all forms of digital and analogue imaging and signal processing.
Research includes all of the direct costs associated with externally-funded projects and programs.
Research includes an analysis of agriculture and food processing on the Arkansas economy.
Research includes analysis and predictions.
Research includes assiting communities with industry assessment and targeting.
Research includes automated target recognition and deformable shapes.
Research includes basic and applied aspects of ruminant nutrition.
Research includes both development of new catalytic processes and improvement of existing ones.
Research includes both the physical and social environments and their interaction.
Research includes case-study analysis and testing of forecast methodologies using an expert system.
Research includes cell signaling and signal transduction pathways.
Research includes cellular, chromosomal and DNA damage induction by heavy ions.
Research Includes complete list of programs and units.
Research includes complex source phenomenology associated with military targets, including tanks.
Research includes consumer bankruptcy, credit reporting and privacy, and credit cards.
Research includes data collection, use of software and use of online databases.
Research includes design of software for use in answering critical economic questions.
Research includes detailed process evaluation and monitoring.
Research includes developing detectors to track particles in high-energy physics experiments.
Research includes development in drip irrigation and brackish water farming.
Research includes development of imaging technologies and clinical applications.
Research includes development of imaging technologies for use in research and clinical applications.
Research includes development of improved methods for cultural and host-plant management of pests.
Research includes distributed systems and computer simulation.
Research includes economic policy and forecasting. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Research includes effects of cold on energy metabolism.
Research includes efforts to reduce the size of electronic components on computer chips.
Research includes employee motivation, performance appraisal and training.
Research includes estuarine, coastal, and open ocean processes of local and global importance.
Research includes helicopter rotor wakes, acoustics, rotor airloads and vibrations.
Research includes host-pest relations and biological and chemical control of livestock pests.
Research includes humidity and chemical sensors.
Research includes investigation of deep subsurface thermophilic bacteria.
Research includes investigations in human nutrition and programs for improved nutrition education.
Research includes labor economics, public policy, and econometrics.
Research includes labor markets, liberalization strategy, political economy, aid, tax policy.
Research includes laboratory analysis of permeability and comparison with petrologic properties.
Research includes laboratory work, data analysis.
Research includes laboratory, field, or library investigation.
Research includes large-scale simulations of tokamak plasma turbulence.
Research includes life histories and population dynamics of cetaceans and pinnipeds .
Research includes literature reviews and thesis writing.
Research includes molecular dynamics of biomolecules and diagnostic imaging of the human body.
Research includes monitoring monk seal reproduction, survival techniques, and behavior.
Research includes multicasting, compression, and protocols.
Research includes nuclear and high energy physics.
Research includes on-site visits to companies to analyze types of waste generated.
Research includes original experimental work or library studies.
Research includes past and current floods and their impacts on natural and human communities.
Research includes pharmaceutical intervention in treating patients with end-state renal disease.
Research includes piercing the corporate veil.
Research includes protocol development, coordination and assistance with clinical trials.
Research includes risk issues and the relationship between size of operation and risk.
Research includes robot cricket phonotaxis, and modelling path integration in ants.
Research includes sampling of catches, studies of growth and reproduction, and population genetics.
Research includes scientific studies, scholarly work, and creative activity.
Research includes strategic and defence studies, archaeology.
Research includes studies aimed at preventing the adverse effects of poverty and disability.
Research includes studies of how galaxies form and in particular how the Milky Way galaxy formed.
Research includes studies of radio supernova remnants and supernovae.
Research includes studies on timing of nitrogen applications and split applications approaches.
Research includes study of worldwide temperate flora.
Research includes studying the effect and correlation of blemished liners and oil consumption.
Research includes teaching methods, specifically gaming- simulations.
Research includes the creation, the organization, and the application of knowledge.
Research includes the development and assessment of best practices.
Research includes the development of parasitoid in vitro rearing.
Research includes the Earth, oceans, atmosphere, space, and planets.
Research includes the entire pediatric age span from infancy through adolescence.
Research includes the full age range from early infancy to middle adulthood.
Research includes the intrinsic and extrinsic factors that affect decisions.
Research includes the production, processing, packaging, and distribution of the substances.
Research Includes the research group pages, a list of papers and job offers .
Research includes the study of lake, stream, and terrestrial ecosystems.
Research includes the study of physical forcing of primary productivity in coastal plains estuaries.
Research includes therapy for precocious puberty and fetal thyroid problems.
Research includes traditional scholarly methods of discovering, interpreting and publishing facts.
Research includes tridacnids.
Research includes two components.
Research includes using biotechnology to improve the nutritional and medicinal value of food.
Research includes using boiling liquid to remove heat from electronics and avionics.
Research includes using the new pharmacotherapy, buprenorphine, and behavioral treatment.
Research includes validation and use of crop models to minimize agricultural production risks.
Research includes water and soil chemistry, wastewater treatment.
Research includes wives' economic dependence.
Research increases the technological level in different technologies.
Research increasingly documents that employee productivity is linked to family adjustment.
Research increasingly indicates that welfare migration is virtually non-existent.
Research indicates a connection between violence and cell function and development.
Research indicates a direct correlation between school attendance and achievement.
Research indicates a genetic link to the development of schizophrenia.
Research indicates a growing cynicism in today's management.
Research indicates a link between increased stress and elevated farm injuries.
Research indicates a national shortage of nurses with bachelors degrees.
Research indicates a possible link between abortion of the first pregnancy and breast cancer.
Research indicates a profound mutual impact between work and home life.
Research indicates a relationship between gambling and problem behaviors.
Research indicates a response to antibiotics through the entire feeding.
Research indicates a strong link between mental retardation and teen pregnancy.
Research indicates African-American professionals are the fastest growing theater audience.
Research indicates aggression in school is most often directed at peers.
Research indicates anti-tumor assistance.
Research indicates becoming hooked has something to do with kids' eating habits and image outlook.
Research indicates beneficial effects of quartz on human body.
Research indicates biotechnology has the potential to boost nutritional content in foods.
Research indicates breastmilk is the best choice.
Research indicates children laugh hundreds of times a day.
Research indicates considerable cultural discrimination in recruitment and promotion.
Research indicates consumers want to know the facts about organics.
Research indicates corn yields are maximized when one ear per plant is produced.
Research indicates different tactics for attacks from each species.
Research indicates gay males recognize their sexual orientation at an earlier age than do females.
Research indicates higher academic performance and retention rates for students living on campus.
Research indicates homework produces little academic advantage for grade school kids.
Research indicates increased health benefits from moderate fish consumption.
Research indicates infancy and early childhood are the best time to learn a language.
Research indicates innovation and creativity are essential to an organization's success.
Research indicates it is two to five times more prevalent in women than in men.
Research indicates it takes anywhere from six to eight weeks to form a habit.
Research indicates it was due to the very hot temperatures on land.
Research indicates it was one piece, brass, with eagle upon it.
Research indicates managers are more sensitive to perceived threats than to perceived opportunities.
Research indicates many species disappeared over night geologically speaking.
Research indicates marrubiin has biological effects, including anti-viral and antibiotic activities.
Research indicates mentoring is one of the crucial and important factors in business success.
Research indicates migratory behavior is a learned trait.
Research indicates moderation training programs are effective for problem drinkers.
Research indicates most people clench to some extent during sleep.
Research indicates mutualism increases when resources are scarce.
Research indicates no difference in seed spacing uniformity exists among the various openers.
Research indicates no side effects of creatine supplementation at the dosages listed above.
Research indicates plants react to a threat of fire or even pruning shears.
Research indicates plenty of couples are dissatisfied with their sexual relationship.
Research indicates rice bran is helpful in reducing blood cholesterol levels.
Research indicates scholarship search services that charge fees are generally a scam.
Research indicates seahorses mature at six to twelve months.
Research indicates several position effects of cooperative learning in mathematics education.
Research indicates several possible explanations.
Research indicates so.
Research indicates soap works better in combination with low rate of oil.
Research indicates some bioflavonoids help strengthen the capillaries.
Research indicates strong correlation between students that focus on learning and their grades.
Research indicates students hesitate to talk to professors, even when they want to.
Research indicates tea drinkers have a lower risk of developing heart disease or stroke.
Research indicates that a continuous cereal rotation is the least economic rotation.
Research indicates that a large majority of students read quicker and better using the overlays.
Research indicates that a significant percentage of substance abuse professionals are in recovery.
Research indicates that a third to two-thirds of lawyers want to leave the practice of law.
Research indicates that abuse escalates both in frequency and intensity.
Research indicates that academic achievement is enhanced by involvement.
Research indicates that active learning increases motivation and attendance.
Research indicates that adults like to become part of something that is going where they want to go.
Research indicates that after training, coaching activities are critical to team success.
Research indicates that aggression in young children is escalating and at younger ages.
Research indicates that alcoholism often runs in families.
Research indicates that all students benefit from and appreciate well structured lessons.
Research indicates that an ecommerce catalog with the ability to purchase produces results.
Research indicates that an increase in activity translates directly into improved health.
Research indicates that animals deprived of REM sleep tend to eat more.
Research indicates that anxiety can be hereditary.
Research indicates that any fat loss is generalized over the body, however.
Research indicates that as many as three students per classroom attempted suicide last year.
Research indicates that at best computers have been used in a rudimentary manner in schools.
Research indicates that baptism is one of the key times for discipleship training.
Research indicates that behavioral problems increase when schedules are inconsistent and disruptive.
Research indicates that binge drinking is more common among men than women.
Research indicates that biodegradation is greatly inhibited in landfills.
Research indicates that birds find their direction from earth's geomagnetic fields.
Research indicates that books have been standing up to the challenge.
Research indicates that both groups benefit.
Research indicates that both the content and the timing of the feedback are important.
Research indicates that brain cells used for short term memory are damaged.
Research indicates that carpet can help improve indoor air quality.
Research indicates that certain mixtures of proteolytic enzymes exhibit anti-inflammatory effects.
Research indicates that certain music can produce physiological as well as psychological benefits.
Research indicates that cetaceans can tolerate higher nitrogen concentrations than humans can.
Research indicates that child behaviors are based, in large part, on modeling adult behaviors.
Research indicates that children have distinct personalities and temperaments from birth.
Research indicates that children view their school much like adults view their jobs.
Research indicates that children with low self-esteem are often willing to interact with an animal.
Research indicates that children, like adults, experience depression in varying intensity.
Research indicates that clitoral tissue extends considerably into the vulva and vagina.
Research indicates that continuous personal contact is the most successful recruitment tactic.
Research indicates that cord blood can be used in place of bone marrow stem cells.
Research indicates that cortisol can influence the structure of nerve cells.
Research indicates that cultural tourists stay longer and spend more than other tourists.
Research indicates that customers like to trade-in vehicles every two to three years.
Research indicates that customers select credit cards based largely on price.
Research indicates that damaged cartilage can be replaced by healthy new cartilage.
Research indicates that demographics do effect exercise commitment.
Research indicates that diamondback terrapins have temperature-dependent sex determination.
Research indicates that dietary fiber plays a major role in health risk reduction.
Research indicates that driver error is associated with a significant number of highway crashes.
Research indicates that early problem identification leads to easier problem resolution.
Research indicates that early training in phoneme awareness helps dyslexics read better.
Research indicates that early, aggressive treatment can prolong life.
Research indicates that eating a lot of protein increases the amount of calcium lost in the urine.
Research indicates that engineers use the Web for targeted information to solve a particular task.
Research indicates that exercise is beneficial in carefully screened and monitored women.
Research indicates that families are unique and individual, yet share common strengths.
Research indicates that family involvement in schools increases student achievement.
Research indicates that FAST works in schools of all kinds, from urban to rural.
Research indicates that feline leukemia virus is highly contagious among cats of all ages.
Research indicates that few people tend to use ecstasy for a long time.
Research indicates that fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue are clearly an identifiable condition.
Research indicates that four of five child safety seats are used incorrectly.
Research indicates that four to six liters is usually effective and safe.
Research indicates that freshmen who persist in their education are full-time students.
Research indicates that fruits and vegetables are generally protective against cancer.
Research indicates that genetics are involved in the development of atherosclerosis.
Research indicates that getting enough vitamins is essential to life.
Research indicates that girls thrive in a single sex environment.
Research indicates that girls with early menarche face consequences as young girls and as teenagers.
Research indicates that goal setting is perhaps the single best predictor of good performance.
Research indicates that golfers spend more and play more as they age.
Research indicates that guggul lowers lipids by stimulating the thyroid gland.
Research indicates that half of the U.S. marriages end in seven years.
Research indicates that health, endurance, and nutrition all depend upon circulatory fitness.
Research indicates that high levels of blood cholesterol can lead to heart disease.
Research indicates that higher cigarette prices do significantly reduce cigarette use by teens.
Research indicates that hormonal changes occur as men age.
Research indicates that human activities, like fossil fuel combustion, are to blame.
Research indicates that in most cases, combining the therapies is safe.
Research indicates that in the next few years, e-commerce is going to explode.
Research indicates that Indiana is a stable community consisting of long-term residents.
Research indicates that infants respond particularly well to toys that are black and white.
Research indicates that Internet fraud is a growing problem.
Research indicates that it actually increases circulation to the eyes.
Research indicates that it came into Norway from the east during very early times.
Research indicates that it can take four years or more for a stepfamily to seem like a family.
Research indicates that it does produce statistically significant l evels of effective healing.
Research indicates that it does produce statistically significant levels of effective healing.
Research indicates that it has to be a lady fern.
Research indicates that it is abnormalities in two or three genes that usually cause psoriasis.
Research indicates that it is among the few herbal remedies that islanders consider tried and true.
Research indicates that it is an autoimmune disease.
Research indicates that it is clearly appropriate for all ages and abilities.
Research indicates that it regulates blood sugar levels and improves circulation.
Research indicates that it takes the average person about two years to recover from divorce.
Research indicates that italic type is actually harder to read than regular type.
Research indicates that it's more common for spouses to fight about money than about sex or in-laws.
Research indicates that lack of manganese can contribute to the thinning of bones.
Research indicates that laterality, or handedness, is influenced by an upright posture.
Research indicates that learning is enhanced when students are actively engaged.
Research indicates that like adults, children experience depression in varying intensity.
Research indicates that listening requires extra physical energy.
Research indicates that living on campus plays a major factor in a student's academic success.
Research indicates that lower the blood pressure, the lower the complications or mortality rate.
Research indicates that lycopenes are the most powerful antioxidant in the cartenoid family.
Research indicates that maitake has anticancer, antiviral, and immune-system enhancing effects.
Research indicates that mandatory minimum sentences actually introduce disparity in sentencing.
Research indicates that many consumers are unsure whether to buy new or used.
Research indicates that many high school students do their best learning in the afternoon.
Research indicates that many newsroom staffs still outnumber the rule of thumb.
Research indicates that many of the popular myths and stereotypes of old age are simply unfounded.
Research indicates that mentoring and coaching programs are influential factors in student success.
Research indicates that mentoring is one of the crucial and important factors in business success.
Research indicates that minor in possession laws alone do little to discourage youth smoking.
Research indicates that more answers are changed from wrong to right than from right to wrong.
Research indicates that more girls than boys are now taking up smoking.
Research indicates that mosquitoes are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas.
Research indicates that mosquitos are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas.
Research indicates that most crimes against seniors are committed by the opportunist.
Research indicates that most grasses show an increased growth when subjected to moderate grazing.
Research indicates that most of the Ohio residents returned to their hometowns.
Research indicates that most phones are answered by women or older people.
Research indicates that most successful nurse leaders have had at least one mentor.
Research indicates that music instruction promotes academic achievement.
Research indicates that natural light is a stimulus to learning.
Research indicates that nearly half of the people who watch television ignore the commercials.
Research indicates that nematicides are relatively ineffective in older coffee plantings.
Research indicates that number has increased.
Research indicates that nutrition can play a significant role in healing and recovery.
Research indicates that obese people die sooner than their normal weight peers.
Research indicates that obese truck . . .
Research indicates that one out of every seven women has been raped at least once by their husbands.
Research indicates that one possible explanation is that a southern subculture of violence exists.
Research indicates that only innerspring mattresses and foundations provide the proper support.
Research indicates that optimists are happier, healthier and more successful than pessimists.
Research indicates that ovulating females seek out adult males for copulation.
Research indicates that Panic Disorder, although often chronic, is a treatable condition.
Research indicates that parent involvement improves student achievement.
Research indicates that parental involvement is a critical element of keeping children in school.
Research indicates that parental involvement is an important feature in successful schools.
Research indicates that parents are more influential than peers or media.
Research indicates that parents are their child's most important and influential teachers.
Research indicates that parents' attitudes have a major impact on teens' sexual behaviour.
Research indicates that parents have the greatest influence on their children's career planning.
Research indicates that participation in sports can promote healthy development.
Research indicates that past success is the best predictor of future success.
Research indicates that people disclose more readily to persons similar to themselves.
Research indicates that people have limited patience with surveys, even online surveys.
Research indicates that people linger and shop longer along tree-lined streets.
Research indicates that people who eat more vegetables are less likely to gain weight.
Research indicates that people who volunteer live longer.
Research indicates that people with disabilities take fewer sick days than other employees.
Research indicates that peptides have benefits beyond their nutritive value as protein.
Research indicates that perception is heavily influenced by socialization and past experiences.
Research indicates that physicians, in their rush to communicate, talk too much to patients.
Research indicates that planning ahead helps to facilitate a successful homecoming.
Research indicates that plants grow healthier when they are stroked.
Research indicates that plants produce excessive foliage and can afford some pruning.
Research indicates that poor literacy is both common, complex and linked to poor health.
Research indicates that premarital preparation has a positive impact on marriage.
Research indicates that producers are doing an excellent job of managing their animals.
Research indicates that professional business practices correlate with business success.
Research indicates that program quality is very important.
Research indicates that proper preselection of employees is always as important as training.
Research indicates that pruning inhibits root growth.
Research indicates that public radio is an excellent public relations tool.
Research indicates that rain or fog is necessary to initiate an infection period.
Research indicates that raising awareness is the first step towards a change in behavior.
Research indicates that rat snakes have rather large genetic neighbourhoods.
Research indicates that reading music can improve reading language abilities in slow young learners.
Research indicates that reading to infants can also increase their cognitive and speech development.
Research indicates that ready children require supportive parents, caregivers, and communities.
Research indicates that regular exercise and weight control can reduce the risk of osteoarthritis.
Research indicates that results on other campuses are mixed.
Research indicates that retention produces negative social implications.
Research indicates that roots are often less tolerant of low temperatures than top growth.
Research indicates that safety is a primary concern and natural beauty remains a powerful draw.
Research indicates that school buildings can be too large for effective management.
Research indicates that seventh graders are at the age when they first consider alcohol and drugs.
Research indicates that several factors are critical to the success of such experimental programs.
Research indicates that several factors contribute to student difficulty in solving problems.
Research indicates that silver-based purification systems are effective in disinfecting water.
Research indicates that slave cemeteries are also located on the property.
Research indicates that sloppy writing can mean the difference of one whole letter grade or more.
Research indicates that slow brain wave activity is related to criminal behavior.
Research indicates that smoking contributes to coronary heart disease and some cancers.
Research indicates that social isolation, including eating alone, leads to undereating.
Research indicates that some of ntal health claims.
Research indicates that spelling errors happen at a patterned rate.
Research indicates that students are motivated by the use of technology.
Research indicates that students are safer at school than away from school.
Research indicates that students hesitate to talk to instructors, even when they want to.
Research indicates that students' learning is profoundly affected by experience.
Research indicates that students learning is profoundly affected by experience.
Research indicates that students leave higher education with passive rather than active knowledge.
Research indicates that students living on campus are more likely to stay in college.
Research indicates that students remember best when they teach others.
Research indicates that students whose parents are involved in their education are more successful.
Research indicates that substance use disorders do run in families.
Research indicates that successful retention of teachers is increased by such activities.
Research indicates that successful teachers continually update their knowledge.
Research indicates that such an approach to teacher professional development is highly effective.
Research indicates that sufficient iodine in the body promotes healing of bones.
Research indicates that teenagers influence far more than just their own disposable income.
Research indicates that the anemone fish is genetically programmed to live inside an anemone.
Research indicates that the availability of prey has some bearing on the size of the clutch.
Research indicates that the benefits of laughter occur as early as a smile.
Research indicates that the best use of organic materials such as ground pine bark is as a mulch.
Research indicates that the bulbs planted without bonemeal do just as well as bulbs planted with it.
Research indicates that the cells are derived from histiocytes.
Research indicates that the content of said messages are of very limited complexity.
Research indicates that the contractor can perform the work satisfactorily.
Research indicates that the decision to smoke is affected by tobacco industry promotion.
Research indicates that the disease is caused by a manmade or chemical substance.
Research indicates that the fear-potential of films is largely affected by the age of the viewer.
Research indicates that the first three years of a child's life are critical to development.
Research indicates that the food industry is embracing biotechnology.
Research indicates that the gluten peptide is too large to carry over in the distillation process.
Research indicates that the leading predictor of student success is parental involvement.
Research indicates that the majority of conflicts arise from value differences.
Research indicates that the majority of development time is spent debugging.
Research indicates that the market is going to explode in the next few years.
Research indicates that the more children enjoy alcohol ads, the more alcohol they consume.
Research indicates that the most effective way to close the gap is intensive intervention.
Research indicates that the most successful students have parents involved in their school lives.
Research indicates that the natural production of melatonin decreases with age.
Research indicates that the number of fetuses is determined much earlier , at time of conception.
Research indicates that the ocean depths play help shape world weather patterns.
Research indicates that the opposite is true.
Research indicates that the optimal time on task is chronological age plus one or two.
Research indicates that the poorer the relationship with the parent, the more aggressive the child.
Research indicates that the primary driver of performance is intrinsic rewards.
Research indicates that the principal inducement for minors' smoking is peer pressure.
Research indicates that the process of learning is as important as the product.
Research indicates that the search for life meaning is one of the most basic of our human drives.
Research indicates that the silverleaf whitefly likely came from India.
Research indicates that the transport of odors is also associated with dust particles or aerosols.
Research indicates that the typical romance enthusiast makes multiple purchases, often on impulse.
Research indicates that the use of complementary and alternative therapies is increasing.
Research indicates that the word can mean almost anything one wants it to mean.
Research indicates that their numbers increase as the nutrients in the water increase.
Research indicates that there are no socio-economic barriers to Domestic Violence.
Research indicates that there are two phases for maximizing the benefits of creatine.
Research indicates that there is a new public desire for meaning and understanding.
Research indicates that there is also a place for active instruction.
Research indicates that there is an optimal level of the hormone prolactin.
Research indicates that there is no connection between vaccines and autism .
Research indicates that time pressure can negatively affect an auditor's performance.
Research indicates that today's problems often originate from previous memories.
Research indicates that topics in U.S. curricula are too numerous and retained too long.
Research indicates that transitions are smoothest when They are timely.
Research indicates that 'treatment' is completely ineffective, an absolute waste of time and money.
Research indicates that urine poses little threat to human health.
Research indicates that using peroxide on teeth as instructed is safe.
Research indicates that vegetation, particularly crops, can be adversely affected by UV radiation.
Research indicates that video display systems are highly successful in attracting new customers.
Research indicates that water flow is one of the key determinants of larval survival.
Research indicates that well-trained caring teachers are the key to improved student achievement.
Research indicates that when teachers, parents and families work together children benefit.
Research indicates that with full stands, uneven plant size and distribution can reduce yield.
Research indicates that women are still underestimated in business.
Research indicates that women feel undervalued as individuals in hospitals.
Research indicates that women lose the most amount of bone in the first seven years after menopause.
Research indicates that women with diabetes run a higher risk than men of developing heart disease.
Research indicates that workers treat housing allowances as income.
Research indicates that working with peers in heterogeneous learning groups does increase learning.
Research indicates that yellow dock improves the assimilation of iron.
Research indicates that yoga generates beneficial mechanical pressures on joints.
Research indicates that youth tend to overestimate the rates of use among their peers.
Research indicates the child learns sounds first, such as mothers voice.
Research indicates the disease-causing agent is found in brain, spinal cord and retinal tissue.
Research indicates the floss is effective at cleaning up oil spills at sea.
Research indicates the majority of our communication time is spent listening.
Research indicates the number one problem homeowners have is over or under watering.
Research indicates the presence of an underlying biological vulnerability in afflicted people.
Research indicates the problem is more common in boys.
Research indicates the problem is supply and demand.
Research indicates the spermicide improves the contraceptive effectiveness.
Research indicates the stress of relocation has a greater effect on older youth.
Research indicates there are hot spots of PCBs scattered across the Norwegian Arctic.
Research indicates there are many.
Research indicates there are possibilities for less waste production without yield losses.
Research indicates there are several beer tunnels in the labyrinth under Chimborazo Hill.
Research indicates there exists a direct correlation between school attendance and achievement.
Research indicates there is a cross-over of skills when other languages are being learned.
Research indicates there is a direct correlation between school attendance and achievement.
Research indicates there is a genetic component of stuttering.
Research indicates there is a great deal of overlap among different forms of violence in a family.
Research indicates they also provide substantial health benefits to humans.
Research indicates two parlors are more profitable over time than a single, larger parlor.
Research indicates unsolicited direct mail is often considered junk mail.
Research indicates women are perceived as more honest and trustworthy than men.
Research indicates, however, that the situation is well-inhand.
Research indicates, however, the laundry balls clean only as well as plain water alone.
Research indicating the presence of a prodigal zippy flavor is released.
Research infers the existence of a wolf-induced trophic cascade.
Research informs our teaching, outreach, and other professional efforts.
Research inspires new ideas and new methods that help improve patient care.
Research integrates active control systems with aircraft structural design.
Research integrates undergraduates into the graduate research environment.
Research interestes in environmental physiology and global climate change.
Research interests Acoustic backscatter field studies of suspended sediments.
Research interests aquatic toxicology, mucous cell development and hyperplasia.
Research interests Asynchronous groupware.
Research interests Coccolithophores for paleoceanographic and paleoclimate reconstruction.
Research interests Commercial exploitation of science.
Research interests Current developments in international social policy.
Research interests Environmental analytical chemistry, instrumentation development, biosensors.
Research interests Experimental designs for linear and non-linear models of observations.
Research interests Foreign direct investment and stakeholder analysis.
Research interests Formal methods for specifying and verifying concurrent and reactive systems.
Research interests Formal methods, logic, programming languages.
Research interests High energy astrophysics.
Research interests High quality sea level measurement.
Research interests Information security - cryptographic procedures and authentication protocols.
Research interests Issues of gender in social policy, with reference to poverty and health.
Research interests Low-cost space experimentation and satellite design.
Research interests Media and politics, consumer confidence, political socialization.
Research interests Mental health and marginalised groups, eg, offenders, drug users.
Research interests Methods and applications in ab initio quantum chemistry.
Research interests Molecular structure and response properties.
Research interests Neural circuits in neocortex and thalamus.
Research interests Neural networks, especially statistical theory of learning algorithms.
Research interests Non-commutative algebra.
Research interests Our laboratory's interests focus on soft tissue and cellular biomechanics.
Research interests Parallel computations, PRAMs, sorting networks.
Research interests political sociology, social movements, stratification analysis, gender studies.
Research interests Relativistic effects in heavy-element chemistry.
Research interests Spatial and temporal modeling of intermittent non-negative random fields.
Research interests Statistical representations of data, information and high level constructs.
Research interests Structural studies on protozoan dUTPases.
Research interests the education of deaf children, esp.
Research Interests the federal courts and public policymaking in women's and children's rights.
Research interests Variational methods for motion planning.
Research interests Workflow management.
Research investigates the mechanisms of immune tolerance and immunity to self antigens.
Research investigates ways to measure and improve the process of new product development.
Research investigates whether open-ended evolution can be achieved in such a system.
Research investigating biological control of the midge is ongoing.
Research investigating the potential health benefits of one popular form of meditation is described.
Research involves a combination of molecular genetic, biochemical and cell biological approaches.
Research involves an element of discovering new knowledge.
Research involves analysis of interview transcripts.
Research involves both direct and indirect costs.
Research involves both lab and field work with annual cruises in the Gulf of Mexico.
Research involves clinical trials on new treatments for common cold and hay fever.
Research involves collaborations with other research institutions and commercial operations.
Research involves conducting subtidal experiments and surveys.
Research involves decision making engineering and human-computer interaction.
Research involves design, verification, and simulation of hybrid systems.
Research involves designing interiors for the deaf and hearing-impaired.
Research involves determining the cause of the mutation.
Research involves developing methods for documentation and assessment of patients.
Research involves diathesis-stress models of clinical depression.
Research involves duplication to verify earlier research.
Research involves ecology, modeling, and management of weeds in crops.
Research involves energy-related electrochemistry and batteries.
Research involves gathering visual material from sources such as newspapers and magazines.
Research involves generating ideas and posing questions.
Research involves heterocyclic chemistry and drug discovery.
Research involves heterorcyclic chemistry and drug discovery.
Research involves holistic inquiry carried out in a natural setting.
Research involves improvements in accuracy by differing types of communications techniques.
Research involves insects that transmit human disease.
Research involves intervening in others lives.
Research involves investigation or experimentation aimed at the creation of new knowledge.
Research involves ion-channel electrophysiology.
Research involves making observations, plus collecting and recording information.
Research involves more than a scientific activity.
Research involves numerical and experimental work in the area of unsaturated zone processes.
Research involves ocular and systemic toxoplasmosis in cats.
Research involves principally experimental but also developmental and modelling approaches.
Research involves sampling the reality inside the box to learn about it.
Research involves several areas of reproduction important for current society needs.
Research involves signals and symbiotic interaction with the nematode-bacterium complex.
Research involves sociopolitics of art education.
Research involves solution of partial differential equations by the level set method.
Research involves studies at the whole plant, cellular, organellar, and enzymic levels.
Research involves studies on the developmental regulation of pollen formation.
Research involves the elderly, the young, and individuals suffering from stress as a result of pain.
Research involves the gathering of data to study the results of previous projects or programming.
Research involves the molecular biogeography and evolution of insects.
Research involves the neural control of cardiorespiratory function.
Research involves the study of drug use in large populations.
Research involves the study of video artifacts, and ways to quantify digital display performance.
Research involves the use of infrared and mass spectroscopy to study reaction intermediates.
Research involves theoretical and numerical modeling and remote sensing data analysis.
Research involves tools for getting from point A to point B, making choices and reading directions.
Research involves use of physiological data acquistion systems in rodents.
Research involves work in forested sites as well as the laboratory.
Research involving antiepileptic drugs is the focus of the training program.
Research involving any tropical forest type, wet or dry, in Latin America is eligible.
Research involving astronauts and exercise in space also has some implications back on Earth.
Research involving both print and electronic media is required by the student.
Research involving competent human subjects requires the person's voluntary and informed consent.
Research involving environmental remediation and waste treatment is also ongoing.
Research involving human subjects is always a challenge for a number of reasons.
Research involving human subjects raises complex ethical, legal, and social issues.
Research involving individual surfers points the same way.
Research involving many data files on the same person can use anonymous linkage systems.
Research involving many stakeholders can complicate the issues.
Research involving muscle stimulation is far-reaching.
Research involving realistic threat situations often has ethical implications.
Research involving rf propagation is based here.
Research involving specialty store networks continues.
Research involving tests done on animals is unnecessary and cruel.
Research involving undergraduate and graduate students is encouraged.
Research is a basic activity for many social scientists.
Research is a basic activity of the sociologist.
Research is a beautiful thing.
Research is a big deal.
Research is a big one here today.
Research is a big part of Iowa's effective pork production.
Research is a bigger part of the evaluation process.
Research is a business.
Research is a central aspect of projects, big and small.
Research is a central component of our mission.
Research is a central feature of most graduate programs at U.S. colleges and universities.
Research is a central focus of the Ph.D. program.
Research is a challenging enterprise.
Research is a circular process.
Research is a competitive field, and experimental results are under constant scrutiny.
Research is a complex and messy business.
Research is a complex and multifaceted activity.
Research is a component of the core curriculum.
Research is a constant part of what they do.
Research is a continuing activity throughout all stages.
Research is a continuum of studies from basic laboratory to observational to clinical.
Research is a country of high grounds and swamps .
Research is a creative process that generates new principles and spawns new technologies.
Research is a creative process.
Research is a creativity tool.
Research is a cross-cutting issue which relates to a wide range of topics within the sector.
Research is a crucial competitive differentiator for top recruiting firms.
Research is a cyclical process, rather than a linear one.
Research is a cyclical process.
Research is a different question.
Research is a difficult, and often frustrating job, but it can also be very rewarding.
Research is a favorite activity, and many students do more than one project.
Research is a field demanding long hours of work.
Research is a fixed or sunk cost.
Research is a flicker of light where the leading edge of literature drops off into a black unknown.
Research is a full service marketing research company.
Research is a fundamental and integral component of quality patient care.
Research is a fundamental part of our mission and our heritage.
Research is a funny thing.
Research is a generic term that can be included as a part of the teaching component.
Research is a global activity and requires global cooperation.
Research is a global activity.
Research is a global enterprise.
Research is a good example.
Research is a good idea.
Research is a hands-on, interactive type of teaching.
Research is a high priority as found in the level of grantsmanship and research productivity.
Research is a highly competitive area.
Research is a highly ethical pursuit - good habits and expectations.
Research is a highly social activity and is becoming even more so.
Research is a highly sophisticated form of play .
Research is a human activity which is mostly presented in a de-humanised way as scholarly papers.
Research is a key element in job search success.
Research is a key element of any successful job search.
Research is a key element of media planning and buying.
Research is a key feature of the school.
Research is a key indicator of the quality of a third-level institution.
Research is a key role of the foundation.
Research is a key to successful activism.
Research is a key tool in the struggle against violence against women in conflict.
Research is a learning process, a search for truth, an endeavor unique to the human species.
Research is a learning process.
Research is a lonely and difficult task that always profits from shared interest and commitment.
Research is a long term commitment of checkoff dollars to assure consumer confidence in beef.
Research is a lot of fun.
Research is a major activity for many social scientists.
Research is a major component of the department's activities.
Research is a major component of the program.
Research is a major focus of the department.
Research is a major part of our teaching.
Research is a major part of that quest.
Research is a major part of the decision-making process.
Research is a major part of the school.
Research is a major thrust of the department, encompassing clinical and basic sciences.
Research is a means through which such knowledge is generated.
Research is a methodical process that can take many twists and turns.
Research is a Midwest Affiliate priority.
Research is a minor focus.
Research is a monthly periodical.
Research is a more selfish pursuit.
Research is a natural outcome of the model.
Research is a necessary component of the course.
Research is a nonpartisan issue.
Research is a part of both processes.
Research is a part of each institution's role and mission in varying degrees.
Research is a part of our name and large part of our work.
Research is a part of the development project.
Research is a part of what managed-care companies do.
Research is a primary consideration in school improvement and the basis for school change.
Research is a principal focus of the program.
Research is a priority for the campus.
Research is a probabilistic process . . .
Research is a process involving many steps.
Research is a process of discovery anyone enjoys.
Research is a process of discovery.
Research is a process of exploration and discovery.
Research is a process of inquiry that leads to new knowledge and understanding of the world.
Research is a process of learning.
Research is a process of measuring the match between readers and products.
Research is a process or activity in which knowledge is tested or developed.
Research is a process that takes three semesters to complete.
Research is a process.
Research is a product of the head.
Research is a race between ignorance and irreversible consequences.
Research is a really strong new technology base that the Internet has enabled.
Research is a required component of the program.
Research is a review of the medical literature.
Research is a romance.
Research is a scholarly inquiry.
Research is a science, and the characteristics of science are systematic, replicable, and public.
Research is a second major focus of the year.
Research is a slow process.
Research is a slow, methodical process.
Research is a snap with all of the links from the library.
Research is a social enterprise that makes use of linguistic and cultural tools.
Research is a special way of learning.
Research is a strange thing.
Research is a systematic attempt to provide answers to questions.
Research is a systematic investigation designed to develop or contribute to generalizable knowledge.
Research is a systematic investigation which aims to increase the sum of knowledge.
Research is a teaching function.
Research is a time consuming process.
Research is a valuable experience for several reasons.
Research is a valuable part of a biology education.
Research is a valuable tool in the hands of the wise communicator.
Research is a vehicle for impacting society and culture through advances in knowledge.
Research is a veritable new life.
Research is a very costly process in terms of time, human effort and money.
Research is a very good state investment.
Research is a very important aspect of any engineering field.
Research is a very important capability for sound competition.
Research is a very important focus of the graduate program in human development and family studies.
Research is a vital aspect of the program.
Research is a vital component of the scientific nature of social psychology.
Research is a vital part of construction in today's high-technology workplace.
Research is a vital part of our mission.
Research is a vital part of the learning process for both teachers and students.
Research is a waste of time.
Research is a way of addressing ideas and questions that arise in the course of daily practice.
Research is about asking questions.
Research is about creating interpretive frames that link observations in meaningful ways.
Research is about creating new knowledge.
Research is about discovery and innovation.
Research is about facts and the relationships among data.
Research is about having the confidence to try things.
Research is about ideas, work and communication.
Research is about investigation.
Research is about learning.
Research is about the spirit of enquiry.
Research is absolutely crucial in the initial phases.
Research is absolutely necessary to find out the answers.
Research is accepted on individual efforts.
Research is accomplished via visiting faculty and postdoctoral appointments.
Research is active in many areas of neurolocomotor disability.
Research is active.
Research is actually a very creative activity.
Research is adequate and timely for the topic.
Research is admirable but taxing work.
Research is advised.
Research is aimed at conservation and sustainable management of tropical lowland rain forest.
Research is aimed at providing usable, accurate control guidelines for growers.
Research is aimed at public authorities and private company management.
Research is aimed at understanding morphogenesis in developing multicellular animals.
Research is alive and well, and is the glue that holds the attorney-client relationship together.
Research is all about acquiring sound empirical information about the world as it is.
Research is all about asking questions.
Research is almost like a team sport.
Research is already under way to manipulate genes responsible for organ rejection.
Research is already underway on the forthcoming ninth volume.
Research is also a big help.
Research is also a big part of the romance novelist's job.
Research is also a crucial aspect of website development.
Research is also a major priority for the program.
Research is also a part of the group's activities.
Research is also a priority at the center.
Research is also a welcome break from more routine aspects of medical practice.
Research is also an important aspect of our faculty profile.
Research is also an important component of our mission.
Research is also an integral component of our educational program.
Research is also an integral part of the faculty's activities.
Research is also centered on the well-being of girls.
Research is also eligible, particularly that which assesses land use practices in New Hampshire.
Research is also evident into the utilization of color, texture, and pattern.
Research is also focused on improving food safety and long-term agricultural sustainability.
Research is also focused on the fungal pathogenicity or virulent factors.
Research is also focused on the magnetic properties of electronic material.
Research is also highly profitable, especially in our technology-dominated world.
Research is also important in fostering a culture of learning and discovery for all students.
Research is also in progress in Japan on nuclear fusion.
Research is also in progress into various aspects of connectionism and cognitive modelling.
Research is also in progress on the industrial use of surface water resources.
Research is also in progress on the use of tPA in the treatment of strokes due to blood clots.
Research is also necessary to study the potential of immune rejection of the cells.
Research is also non-exempt if responses are videotaped or audiotaped.
Research is also on-going in the areas of disease tolerance and quality traits.
Research is also ongoing in the simulation and control of a large scale triple tethered aerostat.
Research is also ongoing into the early diagnosis of dementia.
Research is also ongoing into the neuroprotective and immunomodulatory effects of cannabinoids.
Research is also ongoing to develop replacement internal organs for human transplantation.
Research is also ongoing with xenotrophic, or non-human, sources for replacement cell lines.
Research is also the chief mission of the university.
Research is also the life-blood of sound teaching.
Research is also to be conducted into reasons for high turnover in a number of districts.
Research is also under way on aspects of locust control through a project based in Mauritania.
Research is also under way on extending the concept to moving images.
Research is also under way to identify the health effects of exposure to depleted uranium.
Research is also under way to improve the interaction between a user and a virtual environment.
Research is also under way to improve the nutritional impact of key food crops.
Research is also underway in the general area of software engineering.
Research is also underway on the production and isolation of certain aneuploids.
Research is also underway related to various aspects of suicide.
Research is also underway to determine the correct technology for cloning cats.
Research is also underway to develop a cheaper penthrite grenade.
Research is also underway to identify the health effects of exposure to depleted uranium.
Research is also underway to improve the shunt system to allow fewer revisions and complications.
Research is also underway to see if peanuts can produce a similar fibre.
Research is also very important, and is looked upon very highly by admission committees.
Research is also very well developped in Toulouse.
Research is also vital.
Research is always a gamble, however.
Research is always underway.
Research is an additional component of a world-class cardiac services program.
Research is an adventure.
Research is an area of activity that has a very low level of reported participation.
Research is an area of emphasis in graduate study.
Research is an area which continues to grow in veterinary medicine.
Research is an argument.
Research is an art, much like painting or photography.
Research is an effective way to demonstrate that a student can think critically and independently.
Research is an essential activity at a teaching hospital, today more than ever.
Research is an essential component of any graduate degree program in polymer chemistry.
Research is an essential component of the program.
Research is an essential component to ensure further developments in the nuclear field.
Research is an essential element in postmarket assurance.
Research is an essential element in the approval process.
Research is an essential element of the Ph.D. program.
Research is an essential part of academic life, especially in the sciences.
Research is an essential part of being a historian.
Research is an essential part of education for our students.
Research is an essential part of our mission.
Research is an essential part of the graduate program.
Research is an essential part of the ongoing professional activities of the faculty.
Research is an essential part of the planning process.
Research is an essential role for a university.
Research is an expensive business and funds are always needed.
Research is an experience that coalesces individual, focused classes into a coherent picture.
Research is an extension of information.
Research is an extension of the education process.
Research is an extremely important influence on the development of such knowledge bases.
Research is an idea whose time has come.
Research is an important and prestigious part of the work of the technical universities.
Research is an important aspect of nursing care and health care.
Research is an important aspect of our work.
Research is an important aspect of the whole process.
Research is an important component of our graduate program.
Research is an important component of the cardiac transplant program.
Research is an important component of the concentration.
Research is an important component of the science of psychology.
Research is an important component of the work done at our facility.
Research is an important component.
Research is an important cornerstone of our department.
Research is an important element of practice of all health professionals.
Research is an important experience that many graduate programs look for among their applicants.
Research is an important first step in determining the cause of perch population issues.
Research is an important function in natural resource management.
Research is an important part of advanced training fellowships.
Research is an important part of an academic medical practice.
Research is an important part of pet selection.
Research is an important part of the center's work.
Research is an important part of the preparation for the competition.
Research is an important part of the solution.
Research is an important part of the work of doctoral candidates.
Research is an important skill in every subject.
Research is an income generator for the university and for the state.
Research is an incredible strength here.
Research is an integral and important part of our activities.
Research is an integral and necessary part of graduate students' activities.
Research is an integral component of professional nursing practice.
Research is an integral part of an academic medical center.
Research is an integral part of daily activities of the faculty.
Research is an integral part of each student's training.
Research is an integral part of graduate education.
Research is an integral part of our own graduate programs in the sciences.
Research is an integral part of our professors academic activity and their performance evaluation.
Research is an integral part of the computer science and electrical engineering program.
Research is an integral part of the department's academic efforts.
Research is an integral part of the environment for students and faculty alike.
Research is an integral part of the graduate program.
Research is an integral part of the learning experience.
Research is an integral part of the learning process.
Research is an integral part of the program.
Research is an integral part of the training program.
Research is an integral part of the university's educational activity.
Research is an integral part of the university's educational process.
Research is an integral part of training.
Research is an intellectual activity unique to humanity.
Research is an investigation or an inquiry to find something out.
Research is an investigation to solve questions.
Research is an investigation
Research is an investment in information.
Research is an investment in the future.
Research is an ongoing activity in the sanctuary today.
Research is an ongoing aspect of the profession.
Research is an ongoing conversation in print among researchers.
Research is an ongoing process.
Research is an unpredictable business.
Research is analyzed as to the efficacy and users of the program with diverse populations.
Research is another activity that enhances our image as a professional association.
Research is another area followed by students.
Research is another area where sensory evaluation is frequently used.
Research is another avenue with numerous options.
Research is another important focus of the department.
Research is another important part of our activities.
Research is another key component of the gift.
Research is any activity which gathers information on individuals participating in any activity.
Research is applicable to military noise sources and to many sources in the civilian sector.
Research is applied to aircraft tubing system design and implemented by the industry.
Research is applied to industrial, governmental, and military organizations.
Research is approached from a practice based model.
Research is arduous, painstaking work.
Research is as important a part of the program as instruction.
Research is as one of the important functions of most tertiary institutions.
Research is assigned and developed into a story line.
Research is at an early stage and there is little consensus on appropriate measures.
Research is at the core of all campaign materials development.
Research is at the core of our educational mission.
Research is at the core of the university's mission.
Research is at the cutting edge radiologic imaging.
Research is at the foundation of any persuasive policy position.
Research is at the heart of the program.
Research is augmented by additional contracts from FHWA and other agencies.
Research is available by our volunteers.
Research is available from the front page.
Research is available in all areas of physics.
Research is available now.
Research is available on a per hour fee basis plus any copying fees and postage to mail results.
Research is available on any topic.
Research is available online, via e-mail, and in print.
Research is available to support all three theories.
Research is based in a praxis approach, combining theoretical work with practical application.
Research is based on demand and demand is created by awareness.
Research is based on normal as well as clinical, neuropsychological and other special populations.
Research is based on powder diffractometry, single crystal diffractometry and thermal analysis.
Research is based on projects involving principals, superintendents and other administrators.
Research is based on sociocultural, political and cultural aspects of secondary literacy.
Research is based on the identification and solution of problems.
Research is based on the images and textual information found on the Internet.
Research is based on the progress of one s predecessors.
Research is based on the use of single subject, within subject, and group comparison models.
Research is based upon argument from evidence.
Research is basic to our future, but it is research that makes a difference in peoples lives.
Research is below.
Research is big business.
Research is both a benefactor and a contributor to the operational space community.
Research is both a university and hospital responsibility.
Research is both academic and about the radiographer in the workplace.
Research is both basic and applied.
Research is both experimental and observational, and includes the use of physiological measures.
Research is both geotechnical and geochemical.
Research is both part of doctoral disseration and related to various non-dissertation projects.
Research is both pure and applied with an emphasis on biotechnology.
Research is both pure and applied with special attention to the needs of the state and region.
Research is broken down into web sites, class books, library sources, and local sites.
Research is by appointment only.
Research is by definition a plunge into the unknown, requiring talents for improvisation.
Research is by no means restricted to the behaviour of domestic dogs.
Research is called to play a more central role in the economy and in European society.
Research is carried on at many companies and universities and at private and government facilities.
Research is carried on continually to increase knowledge.
Research is carried on in the laboratory, in space, and in large centrifuges.
Research is carried out along two major axes.
Research is carried out at different scales, from parcels to larger units.
Research is carried out at local, national and international levels.
Research is carried out both in Kyoto and in Yokohama.
Research is carried out by research labs, universities, and utility organizations.
Research is carried out by the faculty members and research staff of the faculty members.
Research is carried out by the members of the group into all fields of planetary geology.
Research is carried out in a number of clinical areas with a particular focus on health psychology.
Research is carried out in a number of groups, described below, between which many overlaps occur.
Research is carried out in areas of information systems development and management.
Research is carried out in both basic and clinical disciplines.
Research is carried out in conjunction with other departments and divisions of the hospitals.
Research is carried out in five areas as given in the table below.
Research is carried out in the museums themselves and in facilities all over the world.
Research is carried out in two interdisciplinary laboratories.
Research is carried out in vitro using five osteocarcoma cell lines.
Research is carried out into the teaching and learning of languages.
Research is carried out most effectively in a community sharing and arguing about ideas.
Research is carried out on all three campuses.
Research is carried out on an annual basis to monitor the situation.
Research is carried out on developments in Central and Eastern Europe.
Research is carried out on small fruits, vegetables, and ornamentals.
Research is carried out on the development and design of high efficiency recycling processes.
Research is carried out to find new varieties of tea and also therapeutic effected of green tea.
Research is carried out to find new varieties of tea and also therapeutic effects of green tea.
Research is carried out to the highest academic level.
Research is carried out under the guidance of a faculty member.
Research is carried out under the supervision of a designated faculty member.
Research is carried out under the supervision of one or more members of the academic staff.
Research is carried out while students are taking formal course work and during summers.
Research is carried out within the departments and by inter-department research groups.
Research is carried out within the framework of historic contexts.
Research is carried out worldwide.
Research is carried through to action.
Research is case insensitive.
Research is centered around computational methods in particle transport and diffusion.
Research is centered around determining the genetic basis of stress tolerance in oilseed crops.
Research is central to effective policy and planning for reconstruction, reunification and reform.
Research is central to the mission of Canadian universities.
Research is centred on experimental studies of the mechanisms of action of neurotoxic agents.
Research is centred on tissue engineering approaches for new cartilage and bone formation.
Research is centred upon 'the child as a technologist'.
Research is challenging and dynamic, but it is definitely part of the answer.
Research is challenging but rewarding work.
Research is characterised by co-operation between the application subjects.
Research is chiefly related to otology, although it involves all areas of otolaryngology.
Research is classified as either basic or applied, according to the objectives of the investigator.
Research is clear on that.
Research is clear that when parents and teachers work together a child tends to do better in school.
Research is clear.
Research is clearly an area that has been one of our priorities for federal spending.
Research is clinical in nature.
Research is clinically relevant and incorporates issues related to both acute and chronic pain.
Research is closely related to ongoing and proposed experiments at major fusion laboratories.
Research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis.
Research is complete with executive summary in place and focus groups on the product.
Research is complete.
Research is completed by the assigned team.
Research is completed for each individual production.
Research is completed.
Research is composed of complex interrelated elements.
Research is comprehensive, quick, and very cheap.
Research is concentrated in mechanisms of inflammation and their relationship to sepsis.
Research is concerned with facilitating independent living skills for people with disabilities.
Research is concerned with the chemistry of soil reactions.
Research is conclusive that particle count and machine life are inversely related.
Research is conducted across the spectrum of applied mathematics.
Research is conducted and interpreted to answer legal questions.
Research is conducted as a cooperative effort by participating scientists.
Research is conducted at a high international level.
Research is conducted at all of the sites mentioned above.
Research is conducted at an affordable hourly rate.
Research is conducted at both applied and basic levels.
Research is conducted at both local and national levels.
Research is conducted at different periods of the life course in both human and animal models.
Research is conducted at the French university, laboratory or school of engineering.
Research is conducted at the interface of chemistry and biology.
Research is conducted at the local and regional levels.
Research is conducted at the students' home institutions.
Research is conducted both as a scholarly pursuit and as a way of enhancing classroom teaching.
Research is conducted both by individuals and by collaborative groups.
Research is conducted by a diverse and disparate community .
Research is conducted by faculty and students in a collegial environment.
Research is conducted by highly trained and tested phone interviewers.
Research is conducted by individual faculty members and in our research centers and programs.
Research is conducted by individual members and member committees.
Research is conducted by modeling, laboratory, and field studies.
Research is conducted by project teams, and members of the center also pursue individual projects.
Research is conducted by the staff members, as well as by associate research fellows.
Research is conducted daily with individuals, small groups, and whole classes.
Research is conducted for a reasonable fee.
Research is conducted for the federal government, and a variety of industries and municipalities.
Research is conducted for the most part in the laboratories of individual faculty members.
Research is conducted from the level of behavior to the level of gene expression.
Research is conducted in a British and European context.
Research is conducted in a laboratory equipped with only the most rudimentary scientific equipment.
Research is conducted in accordance with accepted practices.
Research is conducted in area such as flood forecasting and hydrogeological studies.
Research is conducted in both theoretical and applied linguistics.
Research is conducted in classrooms, homes, community organizations, and the Internet.
Research is conducted in collaboration with many small business firms.
Research is conducted in conjunction with government, business and private groups.
Research is conducted in consultation with an assigned faculty mentor and librarian mentor.
Research is conducted in every academic department and interdisciplinary group.
Research is conducted in experimental organisms relevant to all classes of animals.
Research is conducted in faculty laboratories as well as in schools, field settings, and industry.
Research is conducted in fundamental and applied areas of biological mass spectrometry.
Research is conducted in greenhouses, laboratories, growth chambers, and in the field.
Research is conducted in international consortia on global issues.
Research is conducted in laboratories and in the field.
Research is conducted in laboratory and field settings.
Research is conducted in local schools and clinic settings throughout the year.
Research is conducted in music history, theory and practice.
Research is conducted in one of several campus laborotory facilities .
Research is conducted in online learning.
Research is conducted in order to expand the horizons of knowledge.
Research is conducted in partnerships between research agencies and industry or research end-users.
Research is conducted in rural and urban schools for a variety of purposes.
Research is conducted in the area of bioherbicides and biopesticides.
Research is conducted in the areas of dysfunction caused by drugs and viruses.
Research is conducted in the department's three divisions.
Research is conducted in the entire array of the folklore discipline.
Research is conducted in the field of autoimmunity and malignancy.
Research is conducted in the field, away from the main laboratory in Nairobi.
Research is conducted in the field, greenhouse and laboratory settings.
Research is conducted in the fields of autoimmunity and malignancy.
Research is conducted in the general areas of experimental and theoretical petrology.
Research is conducted in the most expedient manner without sacrificing accuracy.
Research is conducted in the open ocean, as well as in coastal and estuarine regions.
Research is conducted in three phases roughly corresponding to a year each.
Research is conducted in university settings.
Research is conducted independently and in cooperation with other scientists.
Research is conducted individually and collectively by center staff and postgraduate students.
Research is conducted individually, jointly, and interdisciplinarily.
Research is conducted in-house and in local forests.
Research is conducted into the military theory of aerospace force employment.
Research is conducted into various areas on issues of importance to both business and government.
Research is conducted jointly in a variety of areas, using all six sites across the state.
Research is conducted on both domestic and tropical species.
Research is conducted on both general laws and individual differences.
Research is conducted on contacts between high T c materials, and normal and superconducting metals.
Research is conducted on conventional arms control, security cooperation and CSBMs in Europe.
Research is conducted on every applicant through extensive background checks.
Research is conducted on fruits and vegetables.
Research is conducted on host-parasite interactions under field and laboratory conditions.
Research is conducted on human populations throughout the lifespan.
Research is conducted on multilateral conflict prevention, management and resolution.
Research is conducted on new methods of testing many hypotheses.
Research is conducted on organisms ranging from bacteria to seals.
Research is conducted on potatoes, mint and sugar beets.
Research is conducted on row crops, small grains, and alfalfa.
Research is conducted on shellfish and prawn farming.
Research is conducted on the basis of both team and individual programmes.
Research is conducted on the best and most cost-effective methods of site restoration.
Research is conducted on the biological control of plant pests.
Research is conducted on the evaluation of genetic services.
Research is conducted on the potential utilization of U.S. wheats in foods consumed worldwide.
Research is conducted on the use of new data sources.
Research is conducted on two major problems.
Research is conducted outside of scheduled class time.
Research is conducted primarily in the field and principally on private lands.
Research is conducted through graduate student theses and by research associates and technicians.
Research is conducted through the various research divisions.
Research is conducted to define trends, lifestyle changes, and status of competitive products.
Research is conducted under strict ethical guidelines.
Research is conducted under the direction of a faculty advisor.
Research is conducted under the guidance of an established investigator.
Research is conducted under the supervision of a faculty member.
Research is conducted under the supervision of a physics faculty member.
Research is conducted under the supervision of a professor chosen by the student.
Research is conducted under the supervision of a program faculty member.
Research is conducted under the supervision of a science faculty member.
Research is conducted under the supervision of an established investigator.
Research is conducted until a logarithmic function is produced.
Research is conducted using farm animals, catfish, laboratory animals and human subjects.
Research is conducted with humans and animal models.
Research is conducted within a service framework.
Research is conducted within statistics and both pure and applied mathematics.
Research is conducted within the field of algebraic coding theory.
Research is conducted, reported in a few specialty circles, or put on the book shelf for sale.
Research is confined only to seed viability tests to determine the longevity of seeds in the store.
Research is conflicting.
Research is considered a learning experience for all members of the academic community.
Research is considered the basic foundation of effective public relations.
Research is considered to be an integral part of the educational program of the department.
Research is continually under way to improve the transplant success rate.
Research is continuous.
Research is coordinated and conducted at neighboring universities.
Research is coordinated with other agencies and researchers.
Research is costly, in both time and money.
Research is critical for expanding nursing's body of knowledge.
Research is critical to each search assignment.
Research is critical to graduate education.
Research is critical to our nation s lifeblood of educational and cultural life.
Research is critical to our nation's lifeblood of educational and cultural life.
Research is critical to such insight.
Research is critical to the Texas agriculture community.
Research is critical to understanding the intricacies of global business.
Research is critical.
Research is critically important for that.
Research is crucial in ensuring that government makes informed decisions.
Research is crucial to an effective, on-going wildlife management programs.
Research is crucial to development plans Lessons in civility help the public promote changes.
Research is crucial to ensure the reliability and validity of any instrument.
Research is crucial to the advancement in transplant and other cancer treatments.
Research is crucial, but indulging in it to excess can be dangerous.
Research is crucial.
Research is cultural because it is cultural.
Research is cumulative and progressive.
Research is currently in progress , to validate a similar transformation.
Research is currently in progress regarding the value and safety of supplementation.
Research is currently in progress.
Research is currently mainly on establishment of rural power co-operatives.
Research is currently ongoing in an attempt to identify the most effective drugs.
Research is currently ongoing in several areas.
Research is currently ongoing to further understand the thyroid.
Research is currently under way to develop a frameless stereotactic biopsy technique.
Research is currently under way to develop individual streams addressing sector specific issues.
Research is currently under way to find ways to combine more antigens in a single vaccine injection.
Research is currently under way to reduce the cost of methanol production.
Research is currently underway and work has yet to begin.
Research is currently underway at all layers of the conventional network protocol stack.
Research is currently underway concerning the diseases that plague koalas in the wild.
Research is currently underway determining the relationship of genetics to abnormalities.
Research is currently underway for additional control measures.
Research is currently underway in both the treatment and prevention of tardive syndromes.
Research is currently underway on additional discussion papers, to be released periodically.
Research is currently underway on additional seed treatments for flea beetle control in canola.
Research is currently underway on advanced tests to detect anomalies in data subsets.
Research is currently underway to add additional data gathered from global organizations.
Research is currently underway to determine an optimal distribution pattern for uneven-aged forests.
Research is currently underway to determine the cause and effects of the diseases.
Research is currently underway to develop a drug that targets the nef protein.
Research is currently underway to develop such drug therapies.
Research is currently underway to evaluate standardized hyperimmune globulin preparations.
Research is currently underway to find a way to speed the healing process.
Research is currently underway to find better ways to keep our roads safer.
Research is currently underway to incorporate resistance to other effective and safe herbicides.
Research is currently underway to locate the original White family there.
Research is currently underway to study the long-term effects of cocaine use during pregnancy.
Research is currently underway using organometallic catalysis .
Research is currently underway using organometallic catalysis.
Research is currently underway via contract to develop a survey of ambulatory surgery centers.
Research is currently underway.
Research is cyclical, cumulative, question-oriented, and creative.
Research is defined as basic and applied research.
Research is delivered in our offices electronically.
Research is delivered via four channels.
Research is designed to determine how trout respond to accumulations of dissolved gases in water.
Research is designed to support media advocacy training and education.
Research is devoted to helping prevent, detect, diagnose, and treat diseases and disabilities.
Research is different from clinical care.
Research is difficult to put into practice.
Research is difficult, but nothing good comes easy.
Research is difficult.
Research is directed against genetic therapy of wounds and malignancies as well.
Research is directed almost solely toward producing political pressure for total bans.
Research is directed at providing a foundation for a comprehensive policy reformulation.
Research is directed at understanding the genetic and viral influences in disease initiation.
Research is directed at understanding the molecular mechanisms of ion channels.
Research is directed toward determining the effects of stress on target organs.
Research is directed toward scientific and technical advances in areas of current relevance.
Research is directed toward state, regional, and national water problems.
Research is directed toward the impact of land development on local hydrology.
Research is directed towards developing new applications of microdialysis sampling.
Research is directed towards finding a cure for diabetes.
Research is directed towards spaceflight.
Research is directed towards understanding the mechanisms of virulence of mucosal pathogens.
Research is discussed separately.
Research is disseminated for children from the ages of conception to six years.
Research is diverse, from microbial ecology to geomorphology.
Research is divided into a number of broad categories.
Research is divided into three arms including biological, mechanical, and quantum.
Research is done about primary sources.
Research is done and complaint from an unrelated client's case is copied as a model.
Research is done as a team effort via the Internet, CD ROM, and traditional media.
Research is done as time permits.
Research is done at the level of intact muscles or muscle-tendon complexes.
Research is done during the period between sessions called the interim.
Research is done in school as part of the daily curriculum.
Research is done in the classroom.
Research is done in the museum, at home, in libraries and also at universities.
Research is done individually by resident and visiting fellows.
Research is done internally utilizing data from numerous external sources.
Research is done on a donation basis.
Research is done on both coasts.
Research is done on chickens, quail, ducks, and turkeys.
Research is done on cooperation with national and international academy and education institutions.
Research is done on small grains, oilseeds, row crops, legumes, forages and some specialty crops.
Research is done on the inequities of media coverage for women.
Research is done only on animals with cancer and in the context of clinical trials.
Research is done primarily with honors students and through summer internship programs.
Research is done regarding international accounting and tax issues.
Research is done through the Internet on both historical and current pertinent topics.
Research is done to fill in holes in our knowledge.
Research is done to find where technology needs to be built and studied to support work practice.
Research is done to help save a variety of plants.
Research is done to improve patient care by finding answers to questions or solutions to problems.
Research is done under the guidance of a faculty member.
Research is done using reference books, computer programs, and on-line databases.
Research is done with both human and non-human subjects.
Research is done within three areas.
Research is done, a treatment is written and quite often it uses the participants like actors.
Research is driven by inquiry, the desire to understand something.
Research is driven by real-world problems and applications but occurs at an academic level.
Research is driven by the federal government, private foundations, and individual researchers.
Research is driven by two questions.
Research is easier and more efficient since the library more than doubled in size over the summer.
Research is easier and more efficient.
Research is easy if it's like finding out when Columbus discovered America.
Research is easy.
Research is education of the most personalized nature.
Research is educational because it is cultural.
Research is educative, informative, enlightening.
Research is efficient, thorough, and as simple as using word searches.
Research is emphasized at all levels of graduate study.
Research is emphasized at both graduate and undergraduate levels.
Research is emphasized in the department.
Research is emphasized, and a critical review of the literature is stressed.
Research is encouraged and fellows are assigned blocks of time to pursue research interests.
Research is encouraged and fellows are given one day a week academic time.
Research is encouraged and supported by the department.
Research is encouraged and supported throughout the fellowship.
Research is encouraged and supported.
Research is encouraged and time and support is provided.
Research is encouraged as early as in the freshman year.
Research is encouraged at all levels into the background of morris dancing.
Research is encouraged but is no longer an absolute requirement.
Research is encouraged in basic sciences or in clinical research.
Research is encouraged in the program.
Research is encouraged on educational models and prevention.
Research is encouraged that focuses on rural and inner-city populations.
Research is encouraged within and across the priority research areas listed below.
Research is encouraged.
Research is endlessly seductive, writing is hard work.
Research is enhanced by successful relationships and collaborations with industry and commerce.
Research is especially active now on the phenolic compounds front.
Research is especially valuable for the new college graduate.
Research is essential for a librarian's continued growth and self-development.
Research is essential for almost any story.
Research is essential for anything to go on.
Research is essential for cures and better treatments of sleep disorders.
Research is essential for progress.
Research is essential for the development of social work.
Research is essential for the survival of the industry.
Research is essential if complementary options of healthcare are to be made more widely available.
Research is essential if genes are going to be persuaded to give up their secrets.
Research is essential if progress is to be made.
Research is essential in today's business environment.
Research is essential to a successful operation.
Research is essential to a university education.
Research is essential to advancements in the treatment of cancer.
Research is essential to continue the development of the scientific foundations of nursing practice.
Research is essential to improve disease outcome and patient health.
Research is essential to providing new developments in dentistry.
Research is essential to the continued advancement of the dental profession.
Research is essential to the instructional mission of the university.
Research is essential.
Research is essentially information problem-solving.
Research is ever more determined by profit as opposed to social needs.
Research is excellent preparation for graduate school or independent work in any research area.
Research is exciting, and really fun.
Research is exhaustive and scrupulous.
Research is expanded to cover all major areas of psychiatry and basic research in related sciences.
Research is expensive, but no one has yet found a cheaper way of making progress.
Research is expensive.
Research is experimental, theoretical, and computational.
Research is explained and evident.
Research is extensive, impeccable, and reflective of thirty years worth of effort.
Research is extensive.
Research is extra interesting when the results are unexpected.
Research is extremely active and promises to accelerate as more is learned.
Research is extremely important for each budget line item.
Research is extremely important to a period piece.
Research is extremely limited.
Research is far more remote, more difficult to embrace.
Research is financed largely by outside funding.
Research is financed with public funds as well as by fund raising.
Research is focused around two related experimental areas.
Research is focused between northern Georgia and southern Virginia.
Research is focused in several areas that overlap and interrelate.
Research is focused in several major areas described at the site.
Research is focused in two principle areas.
Research is focused on all primary seed components - protein, oil and carbohydrates.
Research is focused on applied research.
Research is focused on bubble nucleation and computational fluid mechanics of mixing flow.
Research is focused on dendroecology, dendroclimatology, and dendroarchaeology.
Research is focused on developing advanced methods for the diagnosis and treatment of human disease.
Research is focused on developing fruits and seeds.
Research is focused on establishing the mechanisms of action and resistance of antitumor drugs.
Research is focused on improving the quality of artificial larynx speech.
Research is focused on improving traits of soy-based biodegradable films.
Research is focused on intensive production of marine finfish in recirculating systems.
Research is focused on large farms because they are assumed to be more efficient.
Research is focused on mechanisms of action of environmental agents in living systems.
Research is focused on molecular and cellular studies on alcohol actions.
Research is focused on nanoelectronics.
Research is focused on opto-electronics, data storage and photonic materials.
Research is focused on prevention, model systems, and therapy.
Research is focused on problems and crops that directly impact Louisiana agriculture.
Research is focused on questions concerning teaching and learning in the sciences.
Research is focused on real-world needs and limitations.
Research is focused on sphingolipid-mediated signal transduction in human epidermal cells.
Research is focused on supporting all personnel involved in training with highly automated tools.
Research is focused on synaptic vesicle exo- and endocytosis, and calcium channel function.
Research is focused on the clinical aspects of microbiology.
Research is focused on the development and applications of femtosecond high-intensity lasers.
Research is focused on the Islamic world, the Indian subcontinent, Southeast Asia and China.
Research is focused on the office, manufactured housing, and apartment sectors.
Research is focused on the publication of the final excavation reports.
Research is focused on the study of science, technology and society in East Asia.
Research is focused on two related projects.
Research is focused on understanding how herpesviruses replicate in susceptible cells.
Research is focused upon the immunological basis of inflammatory rheumatic disease.
Research is focused.
Research is focussed into eight research groups.
Research is focussed on aspects of applied economics which reflect the group's developing interests.
Research is focussed on five multi-disciplinary areas described below.
Research is focussed on four main areas.
Research is focussed on joint mechanics and the development of orthopaedic implants.
Research is focussed on the existence of structural fixed points of bipartite systems.
Research is focussed on the role of the kallikrein-kinin system in pathophysiological situations.
Research is focussed on two major areas.
Research is for people with huge hulking frontal craniums.
Research is forced into new, unexplored areas.
Research is forever.
Research is formalized curiosity.
Research is formalized curiousity.
Research is free.
Research is free-form, the expectations less concrete.
Research is frequently a team-based process.
Research is frequently part of the design process.
Research is fun too because there's always a new discovery that's exciting.
Research is fun, and mixing it with practical and applied projects keeps things fresh.
Research is fun.
Research is fundamental to any written work.
Research is funded and several workshops for researchers have been sponsored.
Research is funded based on the proportion of dollars collected for each commodity.
Research is funded by a range of bodies.
Research is funded by clinical funds and by industry grants.
Research is funded by various federal agencies.
Research is funded by various government organisations and private sectors.
Research is funded in all fields of medicine.
Research is funded in marketing.
Research is funded through grants from public and private sources.
Research is funded through open competitions and grants awarded on the basis of academic excellence.
Research is gathered for an assigned country and compiled into presentation format.
Research is good.
Research is Good.
Research is guided by a stress and coping framework, principally, self-regulation theory.
Research is guided by the specific problem, question, or hypothesis.
Research is guided by the specific research problem, question, or hypothesis.
Research is hampered by the lack of an appropriate animal model.
Research is handled on a voluntary basis in each branch for members and non-members.
Research is hard work which is often carried out in an isolated environment.
Research is hard work.
Research is hard, which is why lazy PR writers try to avoid it.
Research is heavily biased towards increasing the efficiency of the drugs in the pharmacy.
Research is helpful when it is descriptive, but potentially harmful when it becomes prescriptive.
Research is helpful, and so are other people s workouts.
Research is here just in statu nascendi .
Research is here just in statu nascendi.
Research is highly diverse, both geographically and topically.
Research is highly equivocal about the benefits.
Research is highly interdisciplinary and no one person can do it all.
Research is identified by community needs.
Research is immediately applicable to contemporary health issues such as health risks modifications.
Research is imperative.
Research is important and often benign.
Research is important at Grand Valley because it keeps teaching alive.
Research is important because it generates new knowledge that can be used in practical situations.
Research is important because it plays a key role in developing knowledge.
Research is important before embarking on a ocean kayak trip in Alaska.
Research is important both to advance knowledge and to improve teaching.
Research is important in all areas of psychology.
Research is important to a high quality health care system.
Research is important to gerontology.
Research is important to Montana's economic future in four ways.
Research is important to our understanding of estuaries.
Research is important to preserving the safety record and to allow others to emulate the successes.
Research is important, and it can be personally empowering.
Research is important, especially in the sciences.
Research is important, even at a small liberal arts college.
Research is important.
Research is impossible without graduate students to help teach and conduct research.
Research is impossible.
Research is imprinted in our company history and has always been high up on our list of priorities.
Research is in biological control and integrated pest management of weeds and insect pests.
Research is in itself a creative process.
Research is in kinematics, dynamics, and control, especially as applied to robotics.
Research is in progress and a more detailed and collaborative study is needed.
Research is in progress examining prenuptual agreements.
Research is in progress for the remaining contaminated soils.
Research is in progress in several institutions.
Research is in progress into the development of visualization tools for formal methods.
Research is in progress on a dance brought by Spanish settlers in the eighteenth century.
Research is in progress on aerosol microphysics in gas-phase and radon daughter atom deposition.
Research is in progress on genetic markers.
Research is in progress on how to create more sustainable production and consumption patterns.
Research is in progress on quantum states, quantum paradoxes and nonlocality problems.
Research is in progress on the rehabilitation of such land for agricultural and amenity after use.
Research is in progress on thin films of quasicrystals for fundemental studies and applications.
Research is in progress to determine exactly how the disease is transmitted.
Research is in progress to develop a microprocessor alignment coupling for below knee prostheses.
Research is in progress to document other information about Susanna's ancestry.
Research is in progress to learn more about West Nile encephalitis.
Research is in progress to modify corneal endothelial cell function by gene transfer.
Research is in progress to satisfy project objectives.
Research is in progress with a view to publication.
Research is in progress, and updates are frequent.
Research is in progress, in an attempt to find a causal gene, a benefit for the next generation.
Research is in progress.
Research is in the area of bluegrass morphology as it relates to floral induction requirements.
Research is in the area of group behavior and environmental psychology.
Research is in the area of studies on biosynthesis, structure and function of glycoproteins.
Research is in the general area of communications and information theory.
Research is in the nature of a personal service.
Research is in the physiology and molecular biology of plant responses to environmental stress.
Research is in with jpg xxx spread, big.
Research is inadequate, risks exist and effects are unpredictable.
Research is included in tahe coursework throughout both years.
Research is incomplete and late.
Research is incomplete or some of the research is irrelavant.
Research is incomplete.
Research is inconclusive as to how ginger acts to alleviate nausea.
Research is inconclusive as to what the house actually looked like when the family moved into it.
Research is inconclusive on the benefits of bilingual education.
Research is inconsistent.
Research is incorporated as it applies to home health care and vulnerable populations.
Research is increasingly the driving force behind the changes.
Research is incredibly expensive.
Research is industry driven and consequently contract based.
Research is inherently risky so it is unrealistic to expect all our investments to produce payoffs.
Research is inhibited by the fact that the face is so complex and difficult to encode .
Research is initiated and conducted independently within Departmental procedures.
Research is integral to the fixed program.
Research is integrated and interdisciplinary.
Research is integrated over the three years.
Research is intended to be relevant and make an impact on the lives of people.
Research is interpreted broadly to mean any disciplined inquiry made public.
Research is intrinsic in getting into dental or medical school.
Research is introduced as a way for students to extend their understanding of a topic.
Research is invariably a risky undertaking.
Research is investigations.
Research is invited for projects that promise to yield new knowledge about education.
Research is involved.
Research is issue based rather than discipline based.
Research is it's own reward.
Research is itself part of the process of epistemology.
Research is judged for applicability to member programs.
Research is just a few clicks away.
Research is just another word for active learning.
Research is just good thinking.
Research is just one ingredient, although it is part of the recipe.
Research is just part of that learning process.
Research is just the same.
Research is just the start.
Research is key to a great university.
Research is key to developing still cleaner fuels.
Research is key to the developement of any program.
Research is key to the process of understanding the problem and developing workable solutions.
Research is key to the public relations function.
Research is key, although it can be a ton of fun.
Research is key.
Research is largely a collaborative enterprise.
Research is learned through intimate involvement in a structured setting.
Research is less advanced for South Carolina than any other state.
Research is less important than treatment.
Research is like a box of chocolates.
Research is like a jigsaw puzzle.
Research is like bringing in expert witnesses.
Research is like life, arduous and invigorating.
Research is likely to continue for generations to come.
Research is likely to start focusing on rebuilding the immune system.
Research is limited to one historical event, person, site, or topic.
Research is limited to that where the first author is an undergraduate student.
Research is located in universities.
Research is made easier using filtered Internet access to connect to education-related sites.
Research is made in church records and other sources, if possible also in Russia.
Research is mainly a support function.
Research is mainly in applied mathematics and scientific supercomputing.
Research is mainly in particle technology and computer simulation of granular flow.
Research is mandatory.
Research is mentioned here as a tactic because it is a task to be completed.
Research is messy.
Research is methodological, replicable, and self-correcting.
Research is methodological, self-correcting, and replicable.
Research is minimal, if it exists at all.
Research is mixed on whether soy can stave off bone loss and osteoporosis.
Research is more specialized, more complicated.
Research is more than trying out new ideas or proving something works in the classroom.
Research is most worthwhile when it is applicable to society.
Research is mostly clinical in nature rather than in the basic science area.
Research is motivated by profit rather than public interest.
Research is much easier on the web.
Research is much the same.
Research is nearing completion.
Research is necessary because of changing habitat conditions.
Research is necessary for a successful programme.
Research is necessary for funding.
Research is necessary for the development of the dental hygiene body of knowledge.
Research is necessary to determine the benefits of the conservative treatments.
Research is necessary to develop a new generation of cars, trains, and ships.
Research is necessary to find tools for improved treatment and for prevention of disability.
Research is necessary to the development of the profession of nursing.
Research is necessary.
Research is neecled to improve procedures for emergency planning and management of infrastructure.
Research is needed and the next few weeks is the right time for it.
Research is needed as to what training, tools and techniques are best to allow for group cohesion.
Research is needed for the other games.
Research is needed in a number of areas.
Research is needed in assessing all types of remedial efforts as well.
Research is needed in cataloging, indexing, and discovering non-traditional media.
Research is needed in order to identify specific conditions that affect control efforts.
Research is needed in the efficiency of fertilizer use.
Research is needed into fraud detection as well as fraud prevention.
Research is needed into the marketing of alternative crops and enterprises.
Research is needed into treatment for patients with mental illness and substance misuse problems.
Research is needed on adaptive mechanisms and evolutionary processes.
Research is needed on better ways to detect and avoid wake vortices.
Research is needed on childcare training.
Research is needed on coarse, fine, and ultrafine particles.
Research is needed on lactation status correlated to women's health issues.
Research is needed on solutions to control problems and on intelligent control systems and designs.
Research is needed on teachers who have taken part in family- involvement training.
Research is needed on technical means of enforcing licensing or copying restrictions.
Research is needed on the influence of fire on sexual and asexual reproduction.
Research is needed on the marketing and consumption side of the equation.
Research is needed on the over prescription of drugs to women.
Research is needed on the relationship between parenthood and other familial and nonfamilial roles.
Research is needed on the value and applications of educational and media technology to learning.
Research is needed on ways to make the payment system integrate easily with applications.
Research is needed on what conditions transform particular intellectuals into public intellectuals.
Research is needed on when the algorithm turns on and off.
Research is needed on why and how transfer and uptake occurs.
Research is needed to address the question of farm child death rates, their causes, and prevention.
Research is needed to advance further progress.
Research is needed to answer some questions about abortion.
Research is needed to answer the landowners' question.
Research is needed to assess the effectiveness of each type of restraint alone, and in combination.
Research is needed to compare impacts of different sponge fishing methods in different areas.
Research is needed to create and validate such a tool.
Research is needed to define which interventions provide the greatest benefits to local responders.
Research is needed to determine however, if transmission via meat to animals or humans is possible.
Research is needed to determine if a service life for wire is appropriate and needed.
Research is needed to determine if the same response occurs in aged mares.
Research is needed to determine optimum or most profitable feeding systems and rations.
Research is needed to determine the best ways to communicate with illiterate patients.
Research is needed to determine the effectiveness of volunteer screening implementation.
Research is needed to determine why some sheep avidly eat ragwort while others reject it.
Research is needed to develop and evaluate more appropriate methods.
Research is needed to develop appropriate methods and to generate data for comparative research.
Research is needed to develop psychological strategies to encourage healthy lifestyles.
Research is needed to develop solutions to barriers throughout the agri-food system.
Research is needed to develop technologies that reduce costs and manage risks.
Research is needed to enhance our ability to predict outcomes of restorations in Carolina bays.
Research is needed to ensure that tomorrow's systems are accessible and productive to our users.
Research is needed to establish accurate water-use rates for ornamental plants in Nebraska.
Research is needed to establish better methods of detection and monitoring.
Research is needed to evaluate the effects of such practices on language outcomes.
Research is needed to examine a broader spectrum of children of alcoholics.
Research is needed to examine the core issues of traffic policy at a general level.
Research is needed to explain how physician-patient interaction affects treatment decisions.
Research is needed to explore measurement of some indicators.
Research is needed to find environmentally sensitive way to remove lead.
Research is needed to find out if magnets work.
Research is needed to find solutions.
Research is needed to identify any such relationship.
Research is needed to identify risk factors.
Research is needed to identify the best techniques to use to find solutions to such problems.
Research is needed to identify the most cost-effective strategy.
Research is needed to investigate gender differences and suggest solutions to inequities.
Research is needed to provide alternative measures.
Research is needed to provide knowledge to underpin improved husbandry of farm animals.
Research is needed to provide solutions for the many problems that exist.
Research is needed to quantify and reduce any risk.
Research is needed to quantify odor levels and to evaluate odor control technologies.
Research is needed to reduce the costs of production of biomass-based fuels.
Research is needed to see if the onion is marketable overseas.
Research is needed to see whether an effect exists.
Research is needed to test a variety of multiple component prevention strategies.
Research is needed to understand the issues of wetlands and aquatic ecosystems.
Research is needed to understand their role as well as to prove their case.
Research is needed to understand who can best serve as the respondent.
Research is needed which focuses on the genetic control of pests and diseases.
Research is needed, in fact, to assess the economic as well as the biological impact of regulations.
Research is needed.
Research is never complete.
Research is never conclusive.
Research is new.
Research is no different.
Research is no longer the exclusive domain of graduate education.
Research is now a only an Internet connection away.
Research is now a team game.
Research is now more important than ever.
Research is now under way on a nasal spray that works in a way similar to allergy injections.
Research is now under way to investigate the impact of adjuvant therapy on mortality rates.
Research is now underway as to why horses are beneficial to handicapped and disabled people.
Research is now underway in the application of artificial intelligence to robots.
Research is now underway on how the glycoprotein causes disease in animals.
Research is now underway to address questions about the intensity of use of technology.
Research is obvious.
Research is of a world-wide standard.
Research is of considerable importance in certain fields, such as science and history.
Research is of interest to all user groups.
Research is of local, regional, national and international importance.
Research is of uniform high quality.
Research is offered by mail for a fee.
Research is often circuitous.
Research is often contradictory and inconclusive.
Research is often hard work, but it is loads of fun.
Research is often more fun than writing, as is promoting the latest book.
Research is often necessary.
Research is on basic behavioral process in human and nonhuman laboratory environments.
Research is on biosensors.
Research is on for the preventive measures.
Research is on going in the areas of reducing water volumes.
Research is on going in to vaccines but limited trials of early developments are unsuccessful.
Research is on microbial ecology and safety of heat shocked lettuce.
Research is on parent-child relationships and the development of interventions focusing on families.
Research is on penetration of pathogens into tomatoes using molecular markers as a tool.
Research is on risk assessment of Listeria using monkeys as a model.
Research is on Roman attitudes to the religions of other peoples.
Research is on the function and development of the visual system.
Research is one are which has used computers very effectively.
Research is one full side of a two-sided coin.
Research is one of Europe's best investment areas for the future.
Research is one of our two fee-based services .
Research is one of several priorities of the university and is closely related to teaching.
Research is one of the important functions of most tertiary institutions.
Research is one of the major uses of protected areas.
Research is one of the most important ways that Texas stands out in the educational marketplace.
Research is one of the prime responsibilities of the writer.
Research is one of the required support fields.
Research is one of the three major goals of the curriculum.
Research is one option, but only one of many opportunities.
Research is one thing, and teaching is another.
Research is ongoing about the best ways to approach a grieving family about donation.
Research is ongoing and the pages are frequently updated.
Research is ongoing and there is hope for the future.
Research is ongoing around the world to determine the cause.
Research is ongoing as to grapefruit and citrus fruits specifically.
Research is ongoing as to other possible means of treatment.
Research is ongoing as to the existence of a lesbian gene.
Research is ongoing as to the extent of pod cohesion over time.
Research is ongoing but to date, there is no known cure.
Research is ongoing here.
Research is ongoing in anemia caused by cancer or cancer treatment.
Research is ongoing in eight major areas.
Research is ongoing in Europe for such tests.
Research is ongoing in many areas of the globe and the treatment results are promising.
Research is on-going in many areas within the section.
Research is ongoing in many venues to reduce the cost of nuclear reactors.
Research is ongoing in the application of lasers to the treatment of malignant disease.
Research is ongoing in the attempt to document a sensitive and reliable trend index.
Research is ongoing into best management practice for mice and rabbits.
Research is ongoing into deer use of plantations.
Research is ongoing into how successful treatment is.
Research is ongoing into the appearance of more than one learning deficit in the same child.
Research is ongoing on both the cast brass bead and the musket ball.
Research is ongoing on cultural practices for alternative and traditional vegetable crops.
Research is ongoing on new technologies for future lightweight, military vehicles.
Research is ongoing on oral insulin and skin patches.
Research is ongoing on the development of biocontrol throughout the country.
Research is ongoing regarding the benefits or potential hazards of too much soy in the diet.
Research is ongoing to determine how estrogen affects blood cholesterol.
Research is ongoing to determine if there is a period after which therapy can be discontinued.
Research is ongoing to determine the full scope of the problem.
Research is ongoing to determine the molecular nature of UV-induced sunburn and skin cancer.
Research is ongoing to determine whether it can be an effective acne treatment.
Research is ongoing to develop end markets for the processed bottom ash.
Research is ongoing to discover how the virus is triggered.
Research is ongoing to expand the well-received product offering.
Research is ongoing to find a cost effective treatment technology.
Research is ongoing to find out more about the causes of arthritis.
Research is ongoing to formulate lubricants to meet the demands of the redesigned engines.
Research is ongoing to help explain the changing rates in recent years.
Research is ongoing to identify soybeans with some resistance to Sclerotinia.
Research is ongoing to identify the defect, and to explore possible therapies.
Research is ongoing to identify the viruses involved and to identify which plots are infested.
Research is ongoing to improve efficiency.
Research is ongoing to locate genetic alterations which result in asthma.
Research is ongoing to measure hydroxyurea's effectiveness against latently-infected cells.
Research is ongoing to refine inference detection techniques for instance-level analysis.
Research is on-going to stimulate the brain with different medications.
Research is ongoing to uncover the secrets of the cuttlefishes' amazing camouflage ability.
Research is ongoing to use new strains in new domains.
Research is ongoing with a number of universities leading the way .
Research is ongoing with a number of universities leading the way.
Research is ongoing with great success in some areas and little success in others.
Research is ongoing with plans to develop a more comprehensive model.
Research is ongoing, and recent strides have been made toward finding a cure.
Research is ongoing, as is the development of tests and treatments.
Research is ongoing, but early results are encouraging.
Research is ongoing, but promising, in working with people that are blind.
Research is ongoing, but some impressive findings suggest it matters very much.
Research is on-going.
Research is ongoing.
Research is only a tool to be used wisely in the decision making process.
Research is only as good as the information available.
Research is only as strong as the weakest link in the process.
Research is only half the battle with breast cancer.
Research is only one of the many steps of the fundraising process, and a time consuming one.
Research is only one option for young scientists.
Research is only one part of the evaluation process.
Research is only one, but an important, way to know anything.
Research is only the beginning.
Research is only the first step in the development of new therapeutic agents.
Research is only valuable to the extent it contributes to that legacy.
Research is optional in place of the mid-term exam.
Research is optional, and can be pursued as elective rotations or concurrently with core rotations.
Research is or can be a learning process for respondents.
Research is organised according to the five core subject groups.
Research is organised in three working groups.
Research is organised into five distinct groups.
Research is organised into five distinct research groups.
Research is organized in a variety of structures.
Research is organized into the following areas, each pursuing a substantive set of issues.
Research is organized into three areas.
Research is oriented toward digital processing and transmission systems.
Research is our business, our only business.
Research is our first step.
Research is our first tool for pursuing our metageographical mission.
Research is overwhelmingly, very important.
Research is paramount here.
Research is paramount.
Research is part of a larger process in which discovery, application and use are closely integrated.
Research is part of our service, whether it's for a Web project, exhibit, or publication.
Research is part of the educational enterprise.
Research is participative.
Research is particularly strong in the area of synaptic neurotransmission.
Research is pending.
Research is performed both in laboratories and on board of research ships in high seas.
Research is performed both in the departments and in special research institutes.
Research is performed by a number of post-doctoral researchers and graduate students .
Research is performed by all of our faculty and includes both clinical studies and laboratory work.
Research is performed for company-wide requirements and for others.
Research is performed in academic and clinical environments.
Research is performed in areas of heat and power cycles, combustion and aerodynamics.
Research is performed in industry in order to continue to provide products and services.
Research is performed in the two areas of protective and functional coatings.
Research is performed to determine pesticide usage by crop for major crops in Alabama.
Research is performed under well-controlled conditions.
Research is performed using finite element analysis and computer simulations.
Research is performed using the most advanced equipment available in the world.
Research is performed with beef cattle, horses, pigs, sheep, goats, and various laboratory species.
Research is perhaps the easiest of the three to understand and the hardest to do.
Research is picked up by industry and there are lots of success stories.
Research is plagued by uncertainty.
Research is planned on subjects related to the discrimination of minority groups.
Research is planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge.
Research is planned to determine how safe and effective the drug is when used for longer periods.
Research is popular simply because everyone likes to read about people like themselves.
Research is possibly the best way to learn a particular subject.
Research is practically inexistent on the impact of education.
Research is practically nonexistent.
Research is predictable.
Research is preliminary and there's arguments on both sides.
Research is presented at international conferences and is published in refereed journals.
Research is presented from both an historical and contemporary viewpoint.
Research is presented from various sources including medical doctors.
Research is presented giving a view to future trends in the region.
Research is presented in breakout sessions.
Research is presented to the group during the term and written up as a research paper.
Research is presently underway to explore the optimal temperature and conditions for vaporization.
Research is primarily individual or group based.
Research is primary means for gaining external recognition.
Research is principally process-oriented, which includes both field and lab studies .
Research is probably a narrower kind of inquiry.
Research is provided by leading investment research firms and brokerages.
Research is provided upon request on individuals, corporations and foundations.
Research is publicized through peer-reviewed publications.
Research is published at national and international levels.
Research is published six times a year.
Research is pure exhilaration.
Research is 'pure' in that it is funded by the participants.
Research is pursued in science education at the master's level.
Research is pursued under the direction of a faculty member identified by the student.
Research is pursued under the direction of a faculty member indentified by the student.
Research is question-oriented, cyclical, and cumulative.
Research is quick and convenient.
Research is quite difficult as the thrush is rare and prefers to nest in thick remote forests.
Research is rapture.
Research is really about concepts and interrelationships.
Research is really about learning.
Research is really vital here.
Research is received and filed to process in chronological order by volunteer members.
Research is recognized and promoted as a scholarly endeavor.
Research is recognized as a creative inquiry.
Research is recognized as an important component of the honors candidate's program.
Research Is Redundant.
Research is required for every design project.
Research is required in traditional print media and in electronic resources.
Research is required into improved performance of multiple clause generation.
Research is required of each student in the program.
Research is required regarding the academic, social and physical affects of busing.
Research is required to adequately describe potential audiences.
Research is required to determine the form of correction measurement required.
Research is required to develop better criteria and methods for evaluating performance.
Research is required to develop new and sustainable ways to control malaria.
Research is required to develop new treatments for the management of menstrual disorders.
Research is required to identify the causes.
Research is required to identify ways to combat racism in organizations.
Research is required.
Research is research, classes are classes.
Research is research.
Research is restricted to topics in oncology.
Research is reviewed and approved by an institutional review board.
Research is reviewed semi-annually.
Research is reviewed supporting the new approach, and what works and why is identified.
Research is reviewed, and theses are discussed.
Research is risky business.
Research is rudimentary, at best, particularly the long-term variety.
Research is run by the different Divisions.
Research is scattered over many subareas.
Research is secondary.
Research is seen as a route to useful tools to help learning occur.
Research is seen as a vital component of the work of academic staff and is supported strongly.
Research is seen as an important component of the work of academic staff and is supported strongly.
Research is seen as an integral part of the learning process for faculty and students alike.
Research is seen as essential in order to complete the link between teaching and clinical practice.
Research is seen as the subsystem that provides inputs to decisions .
Research is selected from print, audiovisual, and computer resources.
Research is self-directed by users with successive menus.
Research is service.
Research is simple.
Research is skimpy and the site is stripped down to a minimum.
Research is slow and progressive and projects take considerable time to develop.
Research is so important for a disease that knows no age barrier.
Research is so important.
Research is something about which most graduates have little or no knowledge.
Research is something students have an interest in.
Research is sponsored by all major federal funding agencies and many leading corporations.
Research is sponsored by industry and government agencies.
Research is sponsored by industry and governmental agencies.
Research is sponsored primarily by industry.
Research is still an important mission.
Research is still in progress about nutrition and macular degeneration.
Research is still in progress.
Research is still on going for the few years between leaving France and arriving in America.
Research is still ongoing as to the cause.
Research is still ongoing on the relationship between hormone replacement and heart disease risk.
Research is still ongoing to provide a more detailed understanding of the mechanisms involved.
Research is still ongoing.
Research is still preliminary.
Research is still the key to success in finding gold or anything else.
Research is still under way to identify the most effective and most feasible herbicide rotations.
Research is still underway here, as new discoveries are still being made.
Research is still underway.
Research is still very early and human trials are many years away.
Research is strongly encouraged and blocks of time can be provided for specific projects.
Research is strongly interdisciplinary and there is extensive cooperative research between programs.
Research is stuck.
Research is student originated and developed.
Research is subject to bias, even unintentionally.
Research is submitted for publication in major medical and pharmacy journals.
Research is such a funny enterprise.
Research is summarized completely enough to be a good synopsis for the student or academician.
Research is supervised by faculty, often in conjunction with one or more graduate students.
Research is supervised by one or more of our faculty members.
Research is supported by a team of teaching research officers and administrators.
Research is supported by all of the standard instrumentation.
Research is supported by an array of federal, state, and private funding sources.
Research is supported by an electronics shop, a glass-blowing shop and a machine shop.
Research is supported by clinical research staff and an animal laboratory.
Research is supported by close collaboration with a member of the graduate faculty.
Research is supported by excellent computing facilites and laboratories.
Research is supported by federal and state agencies and institutions.
Research is supported by fund raising activities and subject recruitment.
Research is supported by funds from federal agencies, private foundations, and the university.
Research is supported by government grants and contracts.
Research is supported by the library collection in a number of ways.
Research is supported by the technical service.
Research is supported by various ancillary activities and resources.
Research is supported in large part by a relatively strong collection of periodical titles.
Research is supported on global conflict and policy issues.
Research is supported partly by national and international grants.
Research is supported through a variety of mechanisms that are typical of a research university.
Research is supported through the doctoral level.
Research is supportive of milk supplying vital nutrients used in childhood development.
Research is supposed to be fun , but, yes, responsible behavior is important.
Research is surprisingly cheap.
Research is systematic study directed toward fuller scientific understanding of the subject studied.
Research is tailored to specific client opportunities, issues, and budgets.
Research is tailored to the specific needs of each customer.
Research is taught in an easy to follow step by step plan for student and teacher.
Research is the absolute key.
Research is the act of generating knowledge.
Research is the art of seeing what everyone else has seen and doing what no one else has done.
Research is the backbone of any kind of developmental progress.
Research is the base that supports the building.
Research is the basis for developing more effective treatments for children with epilepsy.
Research is the basis for technology transfer.
Research is the basis of knowledge and the area of Internet marketing is no exception.
Research is the basis of social marketing.
Research is the basis of the graduate program.
Research is the behind the scenes work of medicine.
Research is the best way to go.
Research is the business of the university.
Research is the central focus of all the subsequent years of graduate study.
Research is the central focus of the program.
Research is the central professional endeavor and focus of academic life.
Research is the close study of an area or field to answer questions or prove a hypothesis.
Research is the company s main activity.
Research is the core of the healthy academic life.
Research is the core of the intellectual activity in the department.
Research is the core.
Research is the creation, discovery, evaluation, dissemination, and application of new knowledge.
Research is the culmination of the undergraduate experience.
Research is the difference between speculation and investment.
Research is the discovery of fundamental new knowledge.
Research is the dominant function.
Research is the engine that drives the marketplace, especially in high tech areas.
Research is the extension of reason par excellence.
Research is the first basic component of successful negotiating.
Research is the first important building block in the discovery of new drugs.
Research is the first step for obtaining institutional support.
Research is the first step of getting hold of the facts.
Research is the foundation for developing the know-how to create and run a thriving business.
Research is the foundation of both medical education and clinical care.
Research is the foundation of education.
Research is the foundation of equine health practices now and in the future.
Research is the foundation of our design collection.
Research is the foundation of our practice, academic and educational credibility.
Research is the foundation of our success.
Research is the foundation of the money management industry.
Research is the fuel for innovation and creativity.
Research is the generation of new knowledge through use of the scientific method.
Research is the heart of the educational enterprise, providing the raw material of education.
Research is the highest form of adoration.
Research is the hope for our future.
Research is the hope, the answer.
Research is the key and false assumptions can cost millions.
Research is the key function at the early planning stages.
Research is the key here.
Research is the key to a better job.
Research is the key to a cure.
Research is the key to a good law school decision.
Research is the key to a successful job search campaign in local government.
Research is the key to an effective transfer process.
Research is the key to building that foundation.
Research is the key to exploring career possibilities.
Research is the key to finding more effective treatments.
Research is the key to greater understanding.
Research is the key to knowing what one is getting into.
Research is the key to making anything work.
Research is the key to new spells.
Research is the key to picking a good stock.
Research is the key to responsible breeding.
Research is the key to solving the mysteries of liver disease.
Research is the key to sustaining progress in the discipline of anesthesia.
Research is the key to taking the right deal to the right investor.
Research is the key to the advancement of dentistry, today and tomorrow.
Research is the key word here.
Research is the key, and research requires money .
Research is the key, but a good teaching record is essential.
Research is the key.
Research is the keyword in the second year, the first year in the actual degree course.
Research is the lifeblood of any great university.
Research is the lifeblood of any university, and especially a research-intensive one like Western.
Research is the lifeblood of medicine.
Research is the linchpin of our food safety strategy.
Research is the main focus of the program.
Research is the main ingredient to success for the beginner in online investing.
Research is the major focus of the division.
Research is the major thrust of the VMRI faculty.
Research is the means by which the world's knowledge of agriculture is increased and improved.
Research is the means.
Research is the more difficult choice.
Research is the most clearly stated policy within the school and is the key value of the school.
Research is the most creative activity in scholarship.
Research is the most important degree requirement, but there are some others.
Research is the most important part of the graduate learning experience.
Research is the most neglected word in the amateur actors vocabulary .
Research is the most productive method.
Research is the natural inclination of many of our faculty.
Research is the only answer.
Research is the only route to discovering new and better ways to manage and treat arthritis.
Research is the only way.
Research is the opposite.
Research is the other important part of our activities.
Research is the other vital part of that process.
Research is the possible exception.
Research is the precursor to action.
Research is the principle component in earning a graduate degree in science.
Research is the process of collecting information about a certain subject.
Research is the process of creating a body of information unique to a task.
Research is the process of discovering new knowledge.
Research is the process of gathering facts and evidence about a subject.
Research is the process of going up alleys to see if they are blind.
Research is the process our civilization uses to build further on our storehouse of knowledge.
Research is the process whereby the frontiers of knowledge are extended.
Research is the real meat and potatoes of investing.
Research is the reason why.
Research is the recognized cornerstone in academic career development.
Research is the soul of the corporation.
Research is the term used for the process of knowledge discovery.
Research is the vital component for proper disease diagnosis and surveillance.
Research is the word.
Research is therefore a costly, but necessary, business.
Research is thus almost entirely self-generated.
Research is thus VERY important.
Research is time consuming and laws are often hard to understand or ambiguous.
Research is time-consuming.
Research is to a marked degree driven by methodology.
Research is to be carried out during the summer between the junior and senior years.
Research is to be completed by the investor.
Research is to be completed during library periods.
Research is to be done in the library.
Research is to produce a new measure of commercial pilot situation awareness.
Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought.
Research is to see what everyone else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought.
Research is to teaching as sin is to confession.
Research is trotted out in support of special interests, under a well-laundered name.
Research is typically e-mailed, faxed or snail mailed at no extra charge.
Research is unclear about the relationship between self-esteem and drug use.
Research is unclear on age to stop screening.
Research is unclear on whether testosterone levels increase in women after menopause.
Research is under the guidance of a faculty member.
Research is under way and a manuscript is in revision.
Research is under way concerning a distributed graphics library with dynamic load balancing.
Research is under way into the basic physics and applications of cathodic arcs.
Research is under way on a low back pain project.
Research is under way on the preparation and characterization of novel microstructures.
Research is under way on the production of hybrid cotton, soybeans, and alfalfa.
Research is under way on virus-resistant strains of sweet potatoes and other crops.
Research is under way to determine how effective antioxidants are at fighting diseases.
Research is under way to determine the effectiveness of a number of medications.
Research is under way to determine whether such a connection is plausible.
Research is under way to develop a vaccine for humans, but none is available now.
Research Is under way to develop alternatives to CFCs.
Research is under way to develop blood and urine tests to screen for the disease.
Research is under way to develop viable approaches to digital archiving.
Research is under way to explain differences between epidemics in various countries.
Research is under way to identify potential additives.
Research is under way to keep crop rotation a viable option for corn rootworm management.
Research is under way to learn more.
Research is under way to measure the project's impact, but participants say they know it's helping.
Research is under way to see if lasers can be used on teeth and bone.
Research is under way to update the taxonomy of both genera.
Research is under way to update the taxonomy of the genus, which includes many undescribed species.
Research is under way today to improve the general health of our state and nation.
Research is under way towards developing a malaria vaccine.
Research is underfunded, because malaria is a relatively small problem in the developed world.
Research is understood as the discovery and exchange of new information and interpretations.
Research is understood to include accomplishments and goals.
Research is undertaken and advice given in many different areas of surface technology.
Research is undertaken at PhD level.
Research is undertaken by staff and students on the courses.
Research is undertaken for the purpose of establishing facts or principles .
Research is undertaken for various organisations and interest groups.
Research is undertaken in any suitable area of palynology.
Research is undertaken in collaboration with scientists and clinicians in the U.K. and Europe.
Research is undertaken into hate-related violence.
Research is undertaken on issues pertaining to the fields of education and sport pedagogy.
Research is undertaken on issues pertinent to the fields of education and sport pedagogy.
Research is undertaken on modern populations and, by the analysis of ancient DNA, their precursors.
Research is undertaken on the history of modern Europe.
Research is undertaken to develop biological and physical measures to combat soil erosion.
Research is undertaken to monitor changes to the marine ecosystem now that fishing has stopped.
Research is undertaken to protect and improve the sustainable fertility of agricultural soils.
Research is underway at local, state and federal levels to study the issue and how to deal with it.
Research is underway at several centers in the USA and in Europe.
Research is underway but poorly financed.
Research is underway for new treatments, including medication.
Research is underway in a number of areas related to development of intelligent transport systems.
Research is underway in Bordeaux on the uniform generation of combinatorial structures.
Research is underway in China on developing transgenic inland water aquaculture species.
Research is underway in many schools of alternative medicine to cope with modern maladies.
Research is underway in order to determine possible treatments.
Research is underway in several countries in an effort to understand the mechanisms involved.
Research is underway into biological control of the weed.
Research is underway on other methods, including bioremediation by bacteria.
Research is underway on vehicles' rear signaling devices and the use of ultraviolet headlights.
Research is underway that utilizes enzymes in the conversion of agricultural biomass to ethanol.
Research is underway to ascertain the impacts pythons have on native mammal species.
Research is underway to complete sequencing the genome of Aplysia californica.
Research is underway to determine conclusively long-term adverse effects.
Research is underway to determine conclusively long-term side effects.
Research is underway to determine the location of the suspected genes on the involved chromosomes.
Research is underway to determine which varieties establish best.
Research is underway to develop a jack pine that is resistant to stem rusts.
Research is underway to develop a more effective vaccine.
Research is underway to develop candidate vaccine agents and effective new diagnostic tests.
Research is underway to develop compounds that become superconductive at higher temperatures.
Research is underway to develop methods of identifying high-risk genes.
Research is underway to develop new algorithms for sensor tasking and the correlation of UCTs.
Research is underway to develop plants that can resist nematode predation.
Research is underway to develop the next generation of vaccines offering more complete protection.
Research is underway to enhance the vitamin, mineral, and micronutrient content in many other crops.
Research is underway to evaluate the system in field and clinic environments.
Research is underway to find alternative therapies.
Research is underway to identify the proteins most likely to cause allergic reactions.
Research is underway to improve the utilization of a variety of waste products.
Research is underway to increase methyl cinnamate recovery.
Research is underway to map the voluntary sector workforce - paid staff and volunteers.
Research is underway to measure the impact of the scheme.
Research is underway to update the taxonomy of both genera.
Research is underway which uses tobacco for possible medications and protein sources.
Research is underway with biological control products as well.
Research is underway, conclusions are uncertain.
Research is underway, however, to find alternatives.
Research is underway.
Research is updated constantly and is readily available to any customer of the firm.
Research is used to assist affiliated unions in organizing and bargaining programs.
Research is used to evaluate past and present models of persuasion.
Research is used to incorporate supporting ideas from critics in essays of literary analysis.
Research is useful at several stages in the adoption process.
Research is useless unless it is implemented.
Research is useless without the dissemination of the information obtained.
Research is usually a team effort.
Research is usually beneficial to society.
Research is usually divided among participants.
Research is usually fundamental in nature, emphasizing the use of basic principles.
Research is usually low on the list of priorities in international development circles.
Research is valuable to the researcher, sponsoring organizations, and ultimately to society.
Research is value bound because inquiries are inevitably influenced by the values of the researcher.
Research is valued as an integral part of scholarship and teaching.
Research is valued as well as internships.
Research is varied on how to prevent colon cancer.
Research is very active.
Research is very clear.
Research is very competitive.
Research is very important before buying a new car or truck.
Research is very important in terms of achieving a national reputation.
Research is very important in the insect areas and how to control insect transmissions.
Research is very important to a good business plan.
Research is very important to the design process.
Research is very important.
Research is very limited with regard to extended cycles at high doses, however.
Research is very ongoing to determine the correct parent lineages back to Germany.
Research is very promising for the plants constituents.
Research is very serendipitous.
Research is very time-consuming so be prepared to spend many additional hours outside of class.
Research is very time-intensive.
Research is viewed as crucial to continued success of the company.
Research is viewed as purely theoretical.
Research is vital for the development of all aspects of society, both technical and human.
Research is vital to any student's graduate school experience.
Research is vital to increasing yields and improved production of every crop.
Research is vital to the development and advancement of cooperative education.
Research is vital to the discipline of psychology.
Research is vital.
Research is vitally important.
Research is well along to convert wood wastes into liquid fuel for transportation.
Research is well underway, and in some cases is nearing completion.
Research is what academics is all about.
Research is what enables fundamental gains in electronics.
Research is wonderful, it's great.
Research is worthless unless it is communicated.
Research is worthless.
Research is written into articles and books for publication.
Research is, basically, making art.
Research is, however, extraordinarily expensive.
Research keeps the physician at the forefront of medical knowledge and technology.
Research knows no hours.
Research lacks the familiar, comfortable milestones of course work.
Research lags far behind application technologies, and needs to be developed quickly.
Research leading to a monograph of the genus Maxillaria is also in progress.
Research leading to an acceptable dissertation completes the requirements for a Ph.D. degree.
Research leading to publication in refereed journals is required.
Research leading to several products including publications and conference is underway.
Research leading to the preparation and oral defence of a thesis is required.
Research Leads the Way.
Research leads to advances in science and fuels new industries and companies.
Research leads to discovery.
Research leads to knowing the market and is tied to planning.
Research leads to large-scale microfiltration plants .
Research leads to new outlook on soybean defoliation.
Research leads to the writing of a senior thesis in anthropology.
Research leads to the writing of an honors thesis in anthropology.
Research leave at full salary.
Research libraries holdings of Kipling materials.
Research libraries no longer exist.
Research lies at the heart of the section's activities.
Research likewise shows that chronic stress can depress one's immune system.
Research links a high saturated fat intake with heart disease, cancer, and obesity.
Research links prenatal drug exposure to developmental problems.
Research links the consumption of dairy products to a host of diseases and chronic conditions.
Research links the science and practice of nursing.
Research locates and retrieves information in a variety of ways from a variety of sources.
Research looking into other links, such as excess sun exposure, continues.
Research looks closely at call attempt patterns, outcomes of call attempts, and response rates.
Research looks very different once one has done it compared with when one is just talking about it.
Research Make online requests for articles and research studies on a variety of subjects.
Research makes a difference.
Research makes continuing professional education programs stronger.
Research makes the difference.
Research makes up the majority of the second year through the end of the graduate studies.
Research manifests itself in many ways in the Dental Branch.
Research matters to the science teacher.
Research means a systematic investigation designed to produce generalizable knowledge.
Research means a systematic investigation, designed to develop or contribute to general knowledge.
Research means any gathering of information from or about human subjects.
Research means cutting and pasting factoids from different sources, usually the internet.
Research means going out into the unknown with the hope of finding something new to bring home.
Research means of gathering and reporting statistical nd narrative information for self-assessment.
Research means resources and recognition for our institutions.
Research means that enables better nonetheless thinks water is scarce.
Research means to develop new knowledge, and thus to widen what humanity knows.
Research means to study something carefully in order to learn something new about it.
Research measures the effect of bay trail use on the behavior of birds in the adjacent habitat.
Research methods an audit for general practitioners.
Research monitors the health of the ecosystem and is one of the major tools of protection.
Research moves so fast that results are obsolete before they can appear in print.
Research needs and applications in business from the viewpoint of the decision maker.
Research needs and future vision for non-point source projects.
Research needs and opportunities in server intervention programs.
Research needs and opportunities.
Research needs and policy issues.
Research needs and priorities for studying the potential human health impacts within Europe .
Research needs and requirements vary with each assignment, project or paper.
Research needs assessment and review of alternative ideas.
Research needs financial support.
Research needs for conserving California's rare plants.
Research needs for conserving tropical versus temperate forest bird communities.
Research needs for improving the health of Micronesian children.
Research needs for the conservation of neotropical birds.
Research needs for the treating industry.
Research needs funding.
Research needs in Forecasting.
Research needs in public librarianship.
Research needs in the economics of wind erosion.
Research needs in the field of educational faculty planning.
Research needs in urban wet-weather flows.
Research needs institutional support and networks.
Research needs often drive biologists into the field.
Research needs to be child focused recognising the separate needs of children and their carers.
Research needs to be commercially based.
Research needs to be completed prior to submission.
Research needs to be conducted in many areas.
Research needs to be conducted on a more scientific basis.
Research needs to be conducted to determine habitat requirements for both species.
Research needs to be done about surface soil benefits over time.
Research needs to be done before any regulatory action is taken.
Research needs to be done by both parties before making a binding contract.
Research needs to be done concerning the amount of land owned by churches.
Research needs to be done into a number of issues.
Research needs to be done on the geographical areas where cot deaths occur.
Research needs to be done yet to try to determine the identity of the individuals.
Research needs to be done.
Research needs to be encouraged at the local, regional, national and global scales simultaneously.
Research needs to be firmly embedded in a policy development process.
Research needs to be focused on supporting a wider range of languages and applications.
Research needs to be read, and so the editors of key journals have much power.
Research needs to focus on outcomes.
Research needs to focus on problems specific to organic farmers.
Research needs to focus on the child's family and community.
Research needs to investigate program implementation and the fit between the mentor and the youth.
Research needs to involve young people, especially through schools.
Research needs to link professional development and student learning .
Research needs to look at both the supply and demand markets.
Research needs to secure and manage access to development information.
Research needs Weed control, nutrition, varietal selection and harvesting equipment.
Research needs, opportunities.
Research never ends, but for practitioners, the opportunity to consider options does end.
Research normally is conducted on campus under the supervision of a member of the chemistry faculty.
Research normally lasts three years full time or six years part time.
Research Note no.
Research Note No.
Research notes .
Research Notes no.
Research notes on dialogue.
Research notes on street vending in New York .
Research notes on the characteristics of the visitors to online chat rooms.
Research notes on various subjects .
Research notes that the most effective discipline techniques are tailored to the act.
Research now aims at the genesis of spike-wave complexes and their relation to sleep spindles.
Research now focuses heavily on neuropsychology.
Research now focuses on radiation and the hole in the ozone layer.
Research now indicates that fatherless families are fueling the crime explosion.
Research now indicates that hormone imbalance is the root of the male andropause.
Research now points to a single gene that can double the chances of getting the disease.
Research now shows a clear connection between spanking and aggression.
Research now shows prolonged bed rest does more harm than good.
Research now shows that babies react to the sense of touch as early as ten weeks of pregnancy.
Research now shows that gambling is the fastest growing teenage addiction.
Research now shows that the relationship between the two diseases goes both ways.
Research now shows the sleeping brain is as active as the working brain, and perhaps more.
Research now suggests some STDs still are easily transmittable even with a condom.
Research now suggests that antidepressants can boost brain cell growth.
Research now suggests they can teach humans a thing or two about survival.
Research now supports the fact that poverty has a direct link to emotional disorders.
Research now supports the understanding that early intervention is key to lifelong fluent speech.
Research obtains information about the properties of a chemical.
Research occurs in teams and under guidance of a mentor.
Research occurs on two levels.
Research offers a new tool in the fight against advanced prostate cancer.
Research Offers a wide range of research-related reports.
Research offers further economic hopes.
Research offers hope .
Research offers hope of helping failing liver.
Research offers hope to children with cancer.
Research offers many rewards .
Research offers objective results.
Research offers opportunities to compare competing ideas.
Research offers some real benefits.
Research only encyclopaedias, school texts and children's books.
Research Only submit information sites.
Research opens doors to a whole world of mathematics beyond what students find in their books.
Research opens doors, gives students new ways of thinking and talking about age-old ideas.
Research opportunities Strong interest in critical care research is important.
Research oriented website provides direct access to collections database.
Research outlines some of the salient issues regarding research into urban air pollution and health.
Research papers online too.
Research particularly includes the parietal, frontal and cingulate cortices.
Research pattens on existing furniture for handicapped people.
Research paves the way for faster, better, cheaper DNA detection method .
Research pays .
Research pays dividends at interview time.
Research pays for itself in successful outcomes.
Research pays off for university.
Research pays off.
Research performed by Colorado industry is funded internally, or by government contracts.
Research pertaining to animal as well as human subjects is considered.
Research pertaining to drug and alcohol use also provide career opportunities.
Research pertaining to each topic is presented.
Research pertains to forming processes for iron and non-iron metals.
Research pitfalls to avoid.
Research plays a central role in the life of the department.
Research plays a huge role in that life of immersion.
Research plays a key role in identifying various consumer segments and needs.
Research plays a key role in longitudinal studies of educational development.
Research plays a key role in our recommendations of any product.
Research plays a major role in the graduate program.
Research plays a major role in the region's economy.
Research plays a role in that.
Research plays a vital role in in scaling warehousing approaches to real domains.
Research plays an essential role in understanding global market dynamics and perspectives.
Research plays an ever increasing role in the program.
Research plays an important part in the department.
Research plays an important role during and after communications programs as well.
Research plays an important role in all three fields.
Research plays an important role in improving the care of men with prostate conditions.
Research plays an important role in society, and journals play an important role in research.
Research plays an important role.
Research plays an increasing part in the work of the five faculties.
Research plays an increasingly important role in the intellectual life of the department.
Research plays and important part in the work of the surgery.
Research points to a biochemical imbalance in one of the neurotransmitters, dopamine.
Research points to a connection between exposure to EMFs and cancer.
Research points to a link between anxiety in the later stages of pregnancy and hyperactivity.
Research points to a specific artifact apparently composed of platinum as being influential.
Research points to additional deficits in processing visual motion and rapid changes in sound.
Research points to differences in appetite control and energy expenditure.
Research points to geography as being the biggest factor in grandparent-grandchild contact.
Research points to parents as a significant influence on children's consumer behaviors.
Research points to patchy provision throughout Scotland.
Research points to the benefits of a second year.
Research points to the possible anti-cancer effects of garlic.
Research points to the unparalleled benefits of a healthy start for all children.
Research points to vitamin and mineral deficiencies as possible causes of epilepsy.
Research presently focusses on the glacial and sea level record of the western Canadian Arctic.
Research presents a series of papers on technology markets in Europe and Asia-Pacific.
Research primarily involves amino acid nutrients of animals.
Research produces benefits valued by society.
Research produces facts that are all too often packaged for other researchers.
Research produces new knowledge based on carefully collected evidence.
Research produces results.
Research produces scientific and popular publications and identification guides.
Research profiles Information on publications, research interests and activities.
Research progresses backwards in time from the present day and from the known to the unknown.
Research projects Contact persons and other links.
Research projects Identification of law using factual criteria .
Research projects Nuclear physics.
Research projects online.
Research projects our group's currently-active, upcoming and completed projects.
Research projects Reproductive freedom in the context of human rights and humanitarian law.
Research projects that employ technology in unique ways.
Research projects The Morphology of Law.
Research projects Theory of evidence in criminal cases.
Research projects Tools, process algebras, etc.
Research proves importance of early learning and consequences of neglect.
Research proves it.
Research proves otherwise.
Research proves right.
Research proves such diversities produce stronger and more creative approaches, solutions and teams.
Research proves that a busy youngster is a person who is happy and out of trouble.
Research proves that a critical predictor of student success is teacher quality.
Research proves that higher mandated wages reduce employment opportunities for the least skilled.
Research proves that highly publicized programs trigger imitative behavior by viewers.
Research proves that laughter holds many physiological benefits.
Research proves that men and women really differ in their food cravings.
Research proves that people value places for their beauty and character.
Research proves that people value places for their history and character.
Research proves that people who eat breakfast have the greatest success with weight control.
Research proves that practice improves reading.
Research proves that professionals practice where they train.
Research proves that reading and writing are skills that influence and support each other.
Research proves that sensory deprivation is psychologically harmful to children and animals.
Research proves that sprouts are a veritable fountain of youth.
Research proves that structured interviews are significantly more effective than unstructured ones.
Research proves that technology is the link, the edge, the tool for our time.
Research proves that the best way to increase test scores is to read.
Research proves that the groundwork for reading is established in the earliest years.
Research proves that there is a cyclic pattern that evolves when a child is abused.
Research proves that typefaces without serifs are more difficult to read.
Research proves that writing helps students to retain more information for longer amounts of time.
Research proves the importance of early learning and consequences of neglect.
Research proves the Internet is creating a well-informed public.
Research provides a better understanding of the causes of and cures for diseases.
Research provides a motivational context for learning.
Research provides a sense of accomplishment.
Research provides a strong justification for reducing risk factors in young persons.
Research provides a structure for learning for faculty.
Research provides a terrific avenue for adventure.
Research Provides access to research organisations and their work in Southern Africa.
Research provides baseline data, putting the process on a sound empirical foundation.
Research provides conflicting findings.
Research provides crucial underpinning to our teaching excellence.
Research provides details of night-eating syndrome.
Research provides enhanced hope and enhanced opportunities to improve results.
Research provides essential information for decision-makers and resource managers.
Research provides fresh input from the people who pay the fees.
Research provides important spinoffs to the state and industry.
Research provides information on aspects of business that are successful.
Research provides keys to fixing damage created by people to wild populations of marine animals.
Research Provides negotiation and collective bargaining data.
Research provides numerous accounts on transitional services.
Research provides only sketchy pictures of technology's value.
Research provides opportunities for summer employment for students.
Research provides part of the process by which medicine evaluates and improves itself.
Research provides several benefits.
Research provides that divorce has potentially deadly side effects.
Research provides the foundation for checkoff-funded activity.
Research provides the tools for practitioners to execute their art.
Research provides valuable experience and recommendations for students.
Research purchases on the internet.
Research puts a different pressure on students.
Research quantifies biological control agent diversity, temporal phenology, and control impact.
Research quickly becomes outdated.
Research raises customer and employee expectations.
Research ranges from animal systems to the control and function of individual genes.
Research ranges from basic biology to effectiveness measurement.
Research ranges from bird population densities to tree disease control and management.
Research ranges from developmental neurobiology to studies on human brain tumors.
Research ranges from fine structure of fibers to enterprise management.
Research ranges from linquistic grammar, speech semantics to spatial thought.
Research ranges from microcosm, greenhouse, growth chamber, and field experiments.
Research ranges from molecular to landscape and from local to global.
Research ranges from pure physics to applied engineering.
Research ranging from molecular and cellular events to whole animal studies are appropriate.
Research really makes it all come alive, and students find it enormously satisfying.
Research really pays off.
Research receives support from research councils, industry, hospital and charitable organisations.
Research refers to the process of generating new knowledge.
Research reflects a wide range of methodological and substantive interests.
Research reflects new learning.
Research reflects that criminals tend to prey on powerless victims.
Research reflects the principles of participatory action.
Research refutes the widely held view that sex education promotes promiscuity.
Research regarding herbicide effects on high quality prairies is sparse.
Research regarding sexuality in PD women is sparse.
Research regarding the economic background of their students is less clear.
Research regarding the effectiveness of warning labels is inconclusive.
Research regarding the impact of abstinence programs is scanty.
Research regularly shows that cost burdens diminish fund performance.
Research reinforces how all the sciences come to bear on a single problem.
Research related to detection of hard alpha defects in titanium alloys is also of recent interest.
Research related to experiences of child care focuses on cognitive and behavioural outcomes.
Research related to kidney, liver, and bone marrow transplants is still in the experimental stages.
Research related to libraries and librarianship is conducted and results are widely disseminated.
Research related to teaching, student learning, and supervision in schools is examined.
Research related to the Great Lakes region is well underway.
Research relates chiefly to hearing and sound.
Research relates to exploring the convergence between economic and ecologic models.
Research relates to the impact of drug use review and payment for pharmacists services.
Research relating specifically to women's health issues is recent.
Research relating to inflight ice accretion on aircraft is also underway.
Research relies on altruistic participation.
Research remains inconclusive as to what extent, if any, stress actually affects a pregnancy.
Research remains on whether walking stimulates cognitive functions.
Research remains the institute's top priority.
Research repeatedly points to the importance of mentoring in the retention of women in the sciences.
Research reportedly shows that only their approach can reliably change behavior.
Research reporting The report is divided into four major sections.
Research reports . . .
Research reports .
Research reports and books written or edited by faculty and staff members.
Research reports conflict on the topic.
Research reports Current and recent research reports.
Research reports due.
Research reports focusing on a significant instructional problem.
Research reports from our computer files are available to enrolled members .
Research reports from our group .
Research reports in fulltext.
Research reports in physics.
Research reports in the sciences and social sciences.
Research reports no.
Research Reports no.
Research reports on a wide range of topics related to political social, and economic affairs.
Research reports on bees, pollination and honey.
Research Reports on current massage and bodywork studies.
Research reports on cutting-edge training advances.
Research reports on domestic violence, community policing and sexual assaults among many others.
Research reports on human factors in system design.
Research reports on individual companies can also provide information on industries.
Research reports on information sciences.
Research reports on listed companies.
Research reports on new technologies.
Research reports on offenders, substance abuse, and federally sentenced women and men.
Research Reports on the former Soviet Union.
Research reports on the national and international philanthropic sectors.
Research reports on the psychological aspects of nursing are scarce.
Research reports on various high-tech subjects.
Research reports on water resources in life sciences, other sciences, engineering and law.
Research reports on water resources in life sciences, othersciences, engineering and law.
Research reports that merit a trip to the library.
Research reports that new technologies increase students' interest in learning activities.
Research Reports That. .
Research reports the first year is very important in laying the foundation for lifetime curiosity.
Research reports via email.
Research reports with background information ordered printed by a congressional committee.
Research Reports with policy recommendations.
Research reports writing for European projects.
Research reports, a plant species list, and breeding bird surveys are on file.
Research reports, and recommendations on a full portfolio of stocks and mutual funds.
Research reports, articles, and projects significant to education.
Research reports, case studies, discussion of international problems.
Research reports, databases, recreation and regulation information.
Research reports, discussion papers, and published articles on gender and agricultural research.
Research reports, journals, monographs and proceedings.
Research reports, progress reports, proposals, status reports, and user manuals.
Research reports, research in process.
Research reports, special topics and reports from recent literature in molecular virology.
Research reports, special topics, and reports from recent literature in molecular genetics.
Research reports, special topics, and reports from recent literature in molecular virology.
Research reports, studies, data and correspondence.
Research reports, success stories, and helpful tips abound.
Research reports, summaries and notes on applied topics.
Research reports, surveys and books on computational complexity.
Research reports, technical reports, theses.
Research reports, technology assessment reports and technical notes on the Australian coal industry.
Research reports, working papers etc.
Research represents another component of the European nature of the programme.
Research represents the third area where savings can be achieved.
Research represents the university's second major product.
Research requests that require less than hour of research generally only incur photocopy charges.
Research requires a background in biochemistry or molecular biology.
Research requires a clear articulation of a goal.
Research requires a series of steps to get the overall picture of a company.
Research requires a specific plan of procedure.
Research requires appropriate facilities and tools.
Research requires better tracking algorithms, compact designs, and lower cost.
Research requires flexibility.
Research requires funding, and funding is based on the commercial potential of research.
Research requires funding, funding requires publicity and education .
Research requires judgement.
Research requires looking at several pages simultaneously.
Research requires money and money is raised through awareness and commitment.
Research requires money.
Research requires on average about four months.
Research requires repeated adjustments and new hypotheses.
Research requires sustained periods of study and experimentation.
Research requires that something is known about the system.
Research requires that the student develop critical thinking and problem solving skills.
Research requires the availability of quality data.
Research requires thinking and thinking requires leisure.
Research requiring government investment is emphasized.
Research requiring the use of the facility is inherently multidisciplinary.
Research resources with a full range of services.
Research respects no boundaries.
Research responds promptly to requests.
Research resulting in a manuscript can be clinical or basic science in nature.
Research results concerning the fastening, design, and construction of wood based building systems.
Research results for standardization, specification, and rules.
Research results for the masses to absorb.
Research results from antarctic automatic weather stations.
Research results from communication about sexuality are mixed.
Research results from population health have yet to be implemented.
Research results from the center are available in the medical literature.
Research results in the production of propositions supported by evidence - knowledge.
Research results on commodity pricing and antitrust policies.
Research results on ecotourism development in mountain regions of southern Russia.
Research results on glyphosate damage to corn are somewhat mixed.
Research results on the effect of vitamin E supplementation on neutrophil function in dairy cows.
Research results on vagus nerve stimulation for depression.
Research results on yohimbine in women, on the other hand, are mixed.
Research results Published research results, such as reports and computerized systems.
Research results to date.
Research results using oral interferon are encouraging.
Research results with higher levels of undegraded protein and fat are variable.
Research resumes that are available on the Internet.
Research reveals drug's protean nature.
Research reveals internal recruitment sources are most likely to yield long-term employees.
Research reveals little or no information regarding toxicology with the use of guar gum.
Research reveals mastery of communication skills contributes to successful job performance.
Research reveals no animal data regarding the use of chicory as a probiotic.
Research reveals no animal data regarding the use of elderberry extracts for antiviral effects.
Research reveals no animal data regarding the use of elderberry extracts for lipid-lowering effects.
Research reveals no animal data regarding the use of ginkgo for asthma.
Research reveals no animal data regarding the use of guar gum for blood pressure.
Research reveals no animal data regarding the use of guar gum for diabetes mellitus.
Research reveals no animal data regarding the use of guar gum for hyperlipidemia.
Research reveals no animal data regarding the use of guar gum for weight loss.
Research reveals no animal data regarding the use of kiwi fruit for performance enhancement.
Research reveals no animal or clinical data regarding the use of autumn crocus for gout.
Research reveals no clear knowledge of why wings are up or down.
Research reveals no clinical data regarding the use of aloe as an antibacterial.
Research reveals no clinical data regarding the use of aloe for the treatment of cancer.
Research reveals no clinical data regarding the use of aloe for the treatment of inflammation.
Research reveals no clinical data regarding the use of chicory as an antimutagenic.
Research reveals no clinical data regarding the use of chicory for cardiovascular conditions.
Research reveals no clinical data regarding the use of khat for anti-inflammatory effects.
Research reveals no clinical data regarding the use of nettle in cardiovascular conditions.
Research reveals no clinical data regarding the use of parsley as a diuretic or laxative.
Research reveals no data regarding the use of kiwi fruit as an antioxidant.
Research reveals no information regarding the use of plantain as an anticancer agent.
Research reveals one case from another jurisdiction very nearly on point.
Research reveals pattern of cucurbit virus spread.
Research reveals physician referral to Chiropractic and other non-medical therapies.
Research reveals poor planning, incompatibilities.
Research reveals potential of single molecules to function as electronic switches .
Research reveals tha binaural technology affects the mood and performance in certain tasks.
Research reveals that anger with the spouse is often the true source of depression.
Research reveals that approximately one out of every five children have some degree of hearing loss.
Research reveals that better child care is better for children.
Research reveals that crimes against children too often go unreported.
Research reveals that domestic abuse crosses all racial, ethnic, religious and economic lines.
Research reveals that home schoolers test higher than the national average on standardized tests.
Research reveals that individual response to creatine varies.
Research reveals that no two sources are exactly the same, but a general pattern does appear.
Research reveals that people use quite a variety of coping strategies.
Research reveals that poor mothers, however, are unlikely to adjudicate paternity.
Research reveals that restraint use decreases as children move out of child safety seats.
Research reveals that some ginseng products contain little or no ginseng.
Research reveals that such claims are often inaccurate or highly questionable.
Research reveals that teens who participate in community service are less likely to use drugs.
Research reveals that the dorp out rate is associated with retention.
Research reveals that the overwhelming desire of older people is to remain in their own homes.
Research reveals that the problem has gone through several phases.
Research reveals that the thymus becomes much smaller as humans age, beginning in the teenage years.
Research reveals that the virus is transmitted via semen, saliva and blood.
Research reveals that there are few resources available to help stepmothers.
Research reveals that there is a core control system in place in any organization.
Research reveals that younger lions of either sex are more likely to roam and encounter hu mans.
Research reveals the existence of new water structures.
Research reveals the proven safety of Masqueliers OPCs.
Research reveals two important things.
Research reverberates with that truth.
Research reviews before the committee are an integral part of the program.
Research rounds out their education, the dean says.
Research saves lives.
Research saves money.
Research says endusers like the convenience of instant links to products and services.
Research says it can work.
Research says IT revolution is increasing workplace stress and depression.
Research says it's possible.
Research says learning new habits usually take at least three weeks.
Research says one thing.
Research says that one of the most important skills a student can have is self-advocacy strategies.
Research says that parental involvement makes a difference in the school achievements of children.
Research says that patients who regularly work and condition their muscles gain strength and energy.
Research says that people do make first impressions by appearance.
Research says that students who sit in the front of the class get better grades.
Research says that the American public demands a happy ending.
Research says that there are three steps to follow in successful grant seeking.
Research says viewers want education reporting.
Research says yes.
Research scholarships early.
Research See bibliography and latest annual report here.
Research See our other sections which deal with different research issues.
Research See the research page .
Research Seeks a research agenda driven by the South with the North providing support.
Research seeks to discover and apply new knowledge that can help patients worldwide.
Research seeks to eliminate malaria from blood supply.
Research seeks to find a cure.
Research seeks to restore abilities lost by reviving functions.
Research seem to indicate that it's better.
Research seems to be lacking and the question links to many other questions.
Research seems to have stopped there.
Research seems to indicate men and women listen differently, but it can be interpreted two ways.
Research seems to indicate so.
Research seems to indicate that it does.
Research seems to indicate that price control is most effective at reducing overall consumption.
Research seems to prove that typical end-users in the UK get turned off by difficult sites.
Research seems to suggest that MUFAs are indeed good for heart health.
Research seems to support the importance of social interaction.
Research serves as a basis for educational, clinical, and organizational decision making.
Research serves as many things.
Research serves the same purpose for students.
Research serves to inform policy.
Research serves to make building stones out of stumbling blocks.
Research services Our expertise has grown along with our curiosity.
Research setting up a domain name, pick a sample and document the process of setting it up.
Research sheds light on loon fidelity.
Research sheds new light on soot damage to artwork .
Research sheds some light.
Research show some incompletion.
Research show that such brief interventions can be highly effective.
Research show that when families are involved in schools, students do better.
Research shows . . .
Research shows a clear link between regular homework and educational achievement, ministers say.
Research shows a clear relation between where students sit in class and grades.
Research shows a decline in self esteem in adults and children who experience a loss or trauma.
Research shows a delayed email approach to be effective.
Research shows a difference in the way fathers and mothers relate to their children.
Research shows a direct relationship between advertising and sales.
Research shows a greater degree of learning takes place in small group workshops.
Research shows a healthy attitude helps in creating a healthy body.
Research shows a link between animal abuse and domestic abuse.
Research shows a link between strong, capable school leadership and student's academic achievement.
Research shows a little effort here pays off big time in retention and satisfaction.
Research shows a marked improved in memory skills.
Research shows a music education helps students do better in other areas of academic study.
Research shows a net decrease in emissions as a result of increased coal-fueled power generation.
Research shows a number of caring adults are needed to help children grow into healthy adults.
Research shows a partner's support can make a crucial difference.
Research shows a person is more likely to be disabled for one or more years than to die.
Research shows a poor correlation between A-level grades and final degree classifications.
Research shows a possible link between higher blood iron levels and risk of heart disease.
Research shows a strong connection between reading and listening.
Research shows a strong correlation between customer satisfaction and employee satisfaction.
Research shows a strong link between enzyme deficiency and disease.
Research shows a strong relationship between oil prices and the unemployment rate.
Research shows a yield advantage for no-tillage on some Ohio soils.
Research shows active, hands-on learning has positive results in the classroom.
Research shows activities like crawling help develop the inner ear that affects balance.
Research shows additional benefits from their synergistic activity.
Research shows aerobic exercise can improve cardiovascular health.
Research shows alcohol use skyrockets when children enter the sixth grade.
Research shows an alarming number of parents have used drugs with their kids.
Research shows and experience confirms the stories of the lucky ones.
Research shows aspirin cuts heart attack risk.
Research shows audiences listen more at the beginning and end of a presentation.
Research shows babies cry more often in bright yellow rooms.
Research shows bag integrity to be a matter of distribution.
Research shows bee-toxic pesticides are a leading contributor to their decline.
Research shows behavior is an expression of how children feel about themselves.
Research shows benefits of a quick response to a baby's needs.
Research shows better grades are received by students toward the front.
Research shows both immunizations and vaccines can be unhealthy.
Research shows burnout and cynicism are on the rise.
Research shows businesses are growing fast in their networking and Internet needs.
Research shows callers have definite ideas on what they'll pay for information and services.
Research shows chamomile is gentle enough even for pregnant mothers.
Research shows children are really active until around the third grade.
Research shows children can get most of the same vitamins and minerals from fruit.
Research shows children do better in math if they've had the chance to play with blocks.
Research shows children from father-absent homes are at greater risk for behavioral problems.
Research shows clearly that poor children experience diminished physical health.
Research shows coffee is safe for most people.
Research shows cold homes are linked to winter mortality, ill-health and impaired quality of life.
Research shows cold symptoms commonly last longer than a week.
Research shows compliance with a mediated agreement is higher than with imposed court judgments.
Research shows cows grazing on spring meadows can use the high-quality forage instead of hay.
Research shows customers recognise that things can go wrong in any system.
Research shows diet can have a big impact on men's health.
Research shows differential treatment is a leading cause of sibling rivalry.
Research shows disasters evoke varying degrees of psychological stress.
Research shows diversity in the workplace makes good business sense.
Research shows e.g. that science centre exhibitions enhance the motivation of school children.
Research shows each time people fail they learn a little more about their addiction.
Research shows effect on surface tension and mineral crystallography.
Research shows effect on surface tension and mineral crystalography.
Research shows effective schools use parent volunteers.
Research shows effects of abuse on female adolescent sexuality to be numerous and negative.
Research shows employees are becoming more aware of their rights.
Research shows equal or better yields compared to using tillage.
Research shows Europe less good at share buybacks.
Research shows even moderate physical activity produces healthful benefits.
Research shows everybody feels anxious during a test.
Research shows exhaustive work can bring on premature labour.
Research shows fondue originated in Switzerland as a way of using up leftover pieces of cheese.
Research shows from five to fourteen days is the best time span between story sessions.
Research shows goats have a genetic tendency to favor certain plants.
Research shows good equipment preparation and maintenance can cut harvest losses in half.
Research shows good intergenerational experiences benefit everyone concerned.
Research shows greater learning when students engage in active learning.
Research shows greater milk yield with potassium above current recommendations.
Research shows high yield increases in cotton behind sorghum.
Research shows how a new mind-set is changing the way leaders get results in organizations.
Research shows how abysmally little the public knows about sentencing policy.
Research shows how bacterial antigens can stimulate an immune response to self antigens.
Research shows how chemistry relates to the world.
Research shows how important parent involvement is to a student's success in school.
Research shows huge increase in online exports over the next four years.
Research shows humans learn more easily and remember more in an interactive setting.
Research shows immersion students don t really speak adult French well.
Research shows improvements in student engagement, independent learning and collaboration.
Research shows increased scrotal circumference also relates to earlier puberty in daughters.
Research shows increases in minimum wage rates increase welfare dependency.
Research shows infiltration is much higher on turfed areas than on areas of bare ground.
Research shows initiative.
Research shows insects prefer fungus-free fescue.
Research shows irradiation poses no concern to consumers.
Research shows it actually works.
Research shows it costs twice as much to winter a thin cow as a fat cow.
Research shows it has to do with shortsighted fear of losing money.
Research shows it helps curb high insulin and blood sugar levels that destroy arteries.
Research shows it is at that point that health risks rise.
Research shows it is good for soothing nerves and alleviating stress.
Research shows it is most beneficial for children to learn in the classroom.
Research shows it really works well.
Research shows it throughout the twentieth century, mostly in Europe and other parts of the world.
Research shows it to be a strong anti-inflammatory.
Research shows it to be no more effective than treating only clinical cases.
Research shows it works.
Research shows it.
Research shows it's all about emotion.
Research shows it's better for the kids if it's done well.
Research shows it's easier to help children at earlier stages.
Research shows kids achieve more when their parents are involved in their education.
Research shows kids are able to grasp concepts more fully in their native language.
Research shows kids in such circumstances tend to have less access to technology.
Research shows kids worried less, had fewer headaches and slept better.
Research shows lack of a good family life often turns young people wayward.
Research shows LED exposure stimulates faster growth in human muscle and skin cells.
Research shows long-lasting benefits, particularly for children from impoverished households.
Research shows low self-esteem sufferers focus on weaknesses, rather than strengths.
Research shows lying down is the poorest position for learning.
Research shows many are also mentally ill, usually with serious psychiatric disorders.
Research shows marijuana is the number one drug, other than alcohol, for Texas teenagers.
Research shows men are far less likely than women to see a doctor regularly.
Research shows men who drive for a living risk lower sperm counts.
Research shows mental and physical exercise keeps old brains fit.
Research shows midwifery care has been proven to reduce birth injury, trauma and cesarean section.
Research shows more than two days of inactivity actually is harmful.
Research shows most fish released carefully survive.
Research shows most infectious bacteria are transmitted on the hands.
Research shows most people overestimate their memory loss.
Research shows mourning doves experience unusually high losses from a variety of natural factors.
Research shows muscles can adapt in as few as four to five workouts.
Research shows no effect of timing on yield.
Research shows older mother dogs have smaller litters than younger canine moms.
Research shows one in seven parents have no idea what their children are looking at.
Research shows one in six couples who receive pre-nuptial counseling decide to call it off.
Research shows online surfers like to browse for six months or longer before buying.
Research shows only one in five fertile women start their pregnancy with adequate iron levels.
Research shows our guests prefer Candlewood Suites to other hotel stays.
Research shows over and over that talking helps, and that having relationships with others helps.
Research shows owls nest in older trees with branches that provide cover from prey.
Research shows pain is a potent stressor that interferes with normal recovery and functioning.
Research shows pain is a potent stressor which interferes with normal recovery and functioning.
Research shows parental prosperity often predicts how well children do in school and beyond.
Research shows people are impatient, and want things fast.
Research shows people comprehend body text written in serif type more than they do sans serif type.
Research shows people consume more alcohol when it is easily available.
Research shows people who are served more eat more.
Research shows people who commit hate related murder start with lesser offenses.
Research shows people who suffer from depression have hearts that beat faster, even when sleeping.
Research shows pilots get drowsiest on the drive home.
Research shows plain water is better than cola, carbonated water or pop.
Research shows possible links between repeat dosing and certain complications.
Research shows promise of using biomass such as cornstalks to produce ethanol.
Research shows purging increases crawfish loss during cold storage.
Research shows rates of melanoma are rising faster than any other type of cancer.
Research shows readers use the white space around type to identify letters.
Research shows second-hand smoke can hurt others as well.
Research shows selenium benefits athletes' immune function and helps repair cellular damage.
Research shows shopping malls are one of the most likely spots for cardiac arrests to occur.
Research shows signs increase the average sale transaction.
Research shows some habits that make ear infections more likely.
Research shows some increase in blood glucose levels often occurs with age.
Research shows some interpretive paragraphs are more valid than others.
Research shows some women are more at risk than others.
Research shows specific types of weight lifting programs can build muscle mass and reduce body fat.
Research shows spring meadow grazing has a lot to offer.
Research shows stretching helps improve circulation and relaxes tight muscles.
Research shows strong evidence for a genetic basis for anxiety.
Research shows strong links between divorce and both youth suicide and youth crime.
Research shows students can benefit from structured, work-based learning.
Research shows such a tomato to be only a few years away.
Research shows such practices are commonplace.
Research shows teacher quality varies greatly from state to state and between school districts.
Research shows that .at risk.
Research shows that a baby's brain starts responding to the environment well before birth.
Research shows that a bully suffers also.
Research shows that a combination of the two is the best way to go.
Research shows that a cooperative atmosphere makes people happier, more secure, and more productive.
Research shows that a diet high in trans fats is associated with an increased risk of heart disease.
Research shows that a diet rich in oily fish is found to help prevent heart attacks.
Research shows that a family caregiver often exacts a heavy emotional, physical, and financial toll.
Research shows that a focus is necessary for students to utilize the Internet as a learning tool.
Research shows that a good preschool program can set the stage for a successful school career.
Research shows that a higher minimum wage increases the high school drop-out rate.
Research shows that a jagged tear heals more quickly and less painfully than a cut.
Research shows that a long life bulb in a porcelain bulb socket is recommended for safety.
Research shows that a parent's failure to discuss prejudice can actually promote it.
Research shows that a person is actually relapse prone for a full year after stopping.
Research shows that a well placed text link can work better than a banner.
Research shows that absenteeism is correlated with grades.
Research shows that abuse is less likely to occur in healthy home environments.
Research shows that accidents can be reduced significantly with driver training.
Research shows that achievement improves when parent involvement increases.
Research shows that acne is also hereditary.
Research shows that actions by the police to control crime are often statistically insignificant.
Research shows that active participation dramatically increases the amount a person learns.
Research shows that acupuncture causes the body to produce steroids, which decrease inflammation .
Research shows that acupuncture is beneficial in treating a variety of health conditions.
Research shows that addiction is clearly treatable.
Research shows that adding heart-saving foods is just as important as cutting back on others.
Research shows that adequate social emotional support is a critical component of the grief cycle.
Research shows that ADHD tends to run in families.
Research shows that adherence gets harder the longer the patient is on treatment.
Research shows that adolescence is often a particularly difficult time for young women.
Research shows that adolescence is the most dangerous time to start smoking.
Research shows that adults still value community service and volunteerism.
Research shows that after the birth of the first child, couples often begin a process of alienation.
Research shows that after the second or third commercial in a row, most radio listeners tune away.
Research shows that alarmingly few business people plan an exit route from their business.
Research shows that alcohol consumption is increasing.
Research shows that alcohol damage to the developing baby occurs over a wide continuum.
Research shows that alcohol damage to the fetus occurs over a wide continuum.
Research shows that all children benefit from early childhood education, or high quality child care.
Research shows that all four of the styles make equally effective leaders.
Research shows that all learning begins with the learner's frame of reference.
Research shows that almost all female political prisoners are subjected to sexual torture.
Research shows that almost everyone can benefit from using the patch or gum.
Research shows that almost half of all CEOs are replaced within five years.
Research shows that almost half of all jobs now required some college education.
Research shows that an application depth of at least six inches is needed to inhibit loss.
Research shows that an energetic workforce is a productive workforce.
Research shows that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Research shows that ancient Egypt was the home of modern bread.
Research shows that anger is physically, emotionally, and relationally damaging to children.
Research shows that animals placed on a silicon-deficient diet developed bone defects.
Research shows that animation generally drives people nuts.
Research shows that antibiotic treatment of otitis media is no more effective than a placebo.
Research shows that anxiety, depression and ADD all tend to cluster in the same families.
Research shows that appropriate parental monitoring can reduce future drug use.
Research shows that approximately one third of people are genetically susceptible to infection.
Research shows that are some game characteristics appeal more to girls than to boys.
Research shows that as drug use increases, so does the number of crimes a person commits.
Research shows that as electricity becomes available to a society, birth rates actually decrease.
Research shows that as many as half of today's patients want to communicate with doctors online.
Research shows that as poverty decreases, fertility rates decline.
Research shows that as unemployment rates go up, so do applications to post-secondary schools.
Research shows that Asia is indeed experiencing dramatic Internet growth.
Research shows that asking general questions can lead to very global responses from parents.
Research shows that assessment and testing are generally neglected in many teacher training courses.
Research shows that auspice, or who owns the child care, has an impact on quality.
Research shows that autonomy is one of the traits of high-performing schools.
Research shows that awareness and preventive care can make women's lives better, longer.
Research shows that babies as young as two months can detect a melody.
Research shows that babies can benefit from nursing beyond the age of one.
Research shows that babies can communicate physically before they can verbally.
Research shows that babies hear and respond to music and talking tones in the womb.
Research shows that babies prefer sweet foods to bitter ones.
Research shows that babies recognise their fathers' voices just as much as their mothers' voices.
Research shows that bacteria plays a central role in the formation of pigment gall stones.
Research shows that bar patrons tend to look to their bartenders as trendsetters.
Research shows that bed rest for longer than a day or two actually delays recovery.
Research shows that being well-rested helps students do better.
Research shows that belief to be partly true.
Research shows that benefits from intervention occur through the child s third birthday.
Research shows that better parental monitoring can reduce heavy drinking by adolescents.
Research shows that bicycle helmets are extremely effective in reducing injuries to the head.
Research shows that bidis are a significant health hazard to users.
Research shows that bison calves pose no risk to cattle.
Research shows that block style is difficult to read.
Research shows that blooms are superior, both in quality and quantity, when on a rootstock.
Research shows that board scores increase each year.
Research shows that bosses who rule with a gentle hand are more likely to be trusted.
Research shows that both activities burn the same number of calories.
Research shows that both boys and girls are aware that boys are valued more highly in society.
Research shows that both kinds of treatment can be very effective.
Research shows that both men . . .
Research shows that boys are being consistently outclassed by the girls.
Research shows that brains can be kept healthy and strong well into old age.
Research shows that breakfast eaten close to class time benefits academic performance.
Research shows that breakfast eaters perform better in the classroom.
Research shows that breakfast skippers weigh more than breakfast eaters.
Research shows that breast milk is better than baby formula.
Research shows that breastfed babies are healthier in general than formula fed babies.
Research shows that breastfeeding has health benefits for both mother and child.
Research shows that breastfeeding keeps babies healthy and benefits mother and child.
Research shows that bright lights and human activity on the beach discourage nesting females.
Research shows that broadcast tillage breaks down humus very fast.
Research shows that broken families are at the heart of the problems society is having today.
Research shows that Buddhist meditation lowers stress, anxiety and depression.
Research shows that building and maintaining strong bones is a lifelong process.
Research shows that bullies are often popular in school.
Research shows that caffeine can improve short term reasoning in the short term.
Research shows that calf-feds produce beef that is slightly more tender.
Research shows that campus policies do matter.
Research shows that candidates actually stick to issues and substance during such segments.
Research shows that caregivers find it hard to make time for their own health concerns.
Research shows that caregiving often exacts a heavy emotional, physical and financial toll.
Research shows that cats and stoats eat about twice as many birds as they do rabbits or rats.
Research shows that cats help keep deer and javelina within the limits of their food resources.
Research shows that cats impact wildlife far more than is generally realized.
Research shows that certain groups men and women led equal lives.
Research shows that certain nutrients are vital for joint health.
Research shows that cheaper foods are wasted at a higher rate than more expensive items.
Research shows that children acquire language best through meaningful experiences.
Research shows that children adjust their eating to consume enough calories.
Research shows that children adjust well to all types of parenting arrangements.
Research shows that children and adults exposed to media violence become desensitized to it.
Research shows that children are born that way for a reason.
Research shows that children are more likely to use physicians' services if their mothers do.
Research shows that children are more sensitive to pesticide exposure than adults.
Research shows that children are much more eager to learn when they are having fun.
Research shows that children are much more likely than adults to be injured working on the farm.
Research shows that children do best when parents can cooperate on behalf of the child.
Research shows that children do better in school if their families are involved in their education.
Research shows that children do better when parents are involved in their education.
Research shows that children do better when their mothers stay at home.
Research shows that children do better, academically and socially, in integrated settings.
Research shows that children eat more when they are served larger portions.
Research shows that children learn about reading before they enter school.
Research shows that children learn best with hands on , experiential activities.
Research shows that children learn more when the arts are woven into a challenging curriculum.
Research shows that children of substance abusers make up one such at-risk group.
Research shows that children recover faster from diarrhea when eating yogurt.
Research shows that children who are read to are more successful at becoming readers.
Research shows that children who are read to become readers.
Research shows that children who are read to consistently become earlier readers and avid readers.
Research shows that children who are to read in the home do better in school.
Research shows that children who attend school regularly get better examination results.
Research shows that children who do well in school often approach school 'ready to learn'.
Research shows that children who eat with their parents are more successful in life.
Research shows that children who feel bonded with their school are less likely to use substances.
Research shows that children who visit somewhere with their families usually return as an adult.
Research shows that children whose parents are involved in their education do better in school.
Research shows that children with autism do better when grain and milk is taken out of their diets.
Research shows that children, especially adolescents, crave excitement and group activity.
Research shows that chocolate contains antioxidants known as flavonoid phenolics.
Research shows that chronic, severe pain increases fatigue.
Research shows that class absences and failure are closely related.
Research shows that clear cutting greatly impacts both fish and fish habitat.
Research shows that clients are most loyal to practices with good communication skills.
Research shows that clients use their method longer when counselors explain side effects in advance.
Research shows that clustered water potentiates the effect of nutrients by a factor of six times.
Research shows that coating every lens surface increases light transmission to the eye.
Research shows that cockroaches are drawn to one another.
Research shows that coffee possesses anticancer agents.
Research shows that cognitive therapy is the single best treatment for depression, for example.
Research shows that cold homes are linked to winter deaths and ill health.
Research shows that colds are caused by viruses.
Research shows that college credentials increase continuing education participation.
Research shows that college graduates earn much higher incomes over their lifetimes.
Research shows that color and light affect humans at conscious and unconscious levels.
Research shows that colorectal cancer develops gradually from benign polyps.
Research shows that combining the medication with talk psychotherapy offers the best prognosis.
Research shows that commercial ventures on the Internet are growing at an astounding rate.
Research shows that complimentary visuals can reduce the time spent in meetings.
Research shows that computer circuits can be built to work without electricity.
Research shows that consumers and professionals often have different priorities for research.
Research shows that consumers expect more than basic transportation from their vehicles.
Research shows that consumers overwhelmingly prefer cooperatives as service providers.
Research shows that contact with companion animals is good for human health.
Research shows that continuous attendance enhances academic performance.
Research shows that corn stands lacking uniformity never catch up and develop normal ears.
Research shows that cortisol, the stress hormone, is elevated in major depression.
Research shows that cost is a barrier to participation in sports.
Research shows that cost is a major disincentive to university participation in regional Australia.
Research shows that couples who have a good marriage are less prone to escalation.
Research shows that crime is reduced by putting guns in the hands of law-abiding citizens.
Research shows that crime-watches offer a tremendous deterrent to crime.
Research shows that customers fear virus infection from the Internet more than any other source.
Research shows that customers who have many options tend to spend more with individual merchants.
Research shows that dads are generally less fearful than moms about taking chances.
Research shows that daily activity improves function in older adults.
Research shows that day programs can delay costly nursing home admissions by about four years.
Research shows that delivery directly impacts other speech elements.
Research shows that depressive illnesses run in families.
Research shows that disadvantaged kids do better in small schools.
Research shows that discussion helps clarify points made in the debate.
Research shows that doing is important to learning.
Research shows that domestic violence is often the product of a violent upbringing.
Research shows that donating blood helps rid the body of extra iron.
Research shows that dopaminergic activation augments responses to salient stimuli.
Research shows that drinking enough water is particularly important.
Research shows that driver error is associated with a significant percentage of highway crashes.
Research shows that dry eye is the leading cause of contact lens discomfort.
Research shows that each person has a characteristic level of contentment.
Research shows that early adolescence is a critical transition time from childhood to adolescence.
Research shows that early experiences are critical to future success in school and throughout life.
Research shows that early identification and treatment leads to more favorable outcomes.
Research shows that early intercourse carries greater risks and often leads to subsequent regret.
Research shows that early intervention in education pays off for students.
Research shows that early learning and nurturing care is crucial to healthy early brain development.
Research shows that earnings go up with each year of additional education.
Research shows that eating a good breakfast and lunch helps students learn.
Research shows that eating breakfast improves academic achievement.
Research shows that eating cheese after meals seems to inhibit the effects of decay-causing acids.
Research shows that economic poverty correlates strongly with poor academic achievement.
Research shows that economically advantaged students can achieve in large schools.
Research shows that educated patients recover faster.
Research shows that education leads to success on parole.
Research shows that education pays .
Research shows that educational attainment is strongly linked to one's financial background.
Research shows that effective boards working with their CEOs have a strategic advantage.
Research shows that effective mentoring can be done in as little as two hours a month.
Research shows that eight out of ten teens who attempt suicide have given clear warnings to others.
Research shows that elderly and males make up the majority in deaths related to extreme cold.
Research shows that elderly people often ration their medications hoping to get by on half doses.
Research shows that elderly users are more likely to get lost in complex Web sites.
Research shows that emotion and cognition are inseparable.
Research shows that emphasis on external incentives undermines intrinsic motivation.
Research shows that employees with healthy home lives are more productive workers.
Research shows that empty combs stimulate foraging behavior and honey production.
Research shows that epidurals increase the use of other interventions that themselves carry risks.
Research shows that equality leads to economic growth.
Research shows that European consumers are much less supportive of all biotechnology applications.
Research shows that European transaction costs are high.
Research shows that evaluation can lead to more effective risk communication.
Research shows that even a mild lack of sufficient food has serious consequences for children.
Research shows that even among nursing home residents, exercise can improve the quality of life.
Research shows that even cutting down drug use during pregnancy can significantly reduce risks.
Research shows that even moderate exercise improves overall health.
Research shows that even people with a longstanding and severe phobia usually can overcome it.
Research shows that even some real Scottish men wore something like boxer shorts.
Research shows that even the happiest of families have problems.
Research shows that even with tolerant varieties, seeding density is important.
Research shows that every second counts.
Research shows that every step up the occupational ladder has positive health consequences.
Research shows that every time the cell divides, the telomeres get a little shorter.
Research shows that every year ATVs destroy hundreds of nest of dragon eggs.
Research shows that everyday conversation makes use of at least four metaphors per minute.
Research shows that exercise can be beneficial to almost all people throughout their lifetime.
Research shows that exercise can help in the prevention and treatment of mild depression.
Research shows that exercising with weights can also be helpful.
Research shows that expert writers are thinking strategically.
Research shows that export promotion is, in general, a sound public investment.
Research shows that exposure to speech early in life is crucial to language development.
Research shows that extensive reading works.
Research shows that eye contact is just as important as physical touch.
Research shows that families with stable housing earn more and keep working longer.
Research shows that family involvement is a crucial factor in successful learning.
Research shows that family involvement is crucial to the development of healthy youth.
Research shows that fast-loading pages are best for directories.
Research shows that fathers fill a unique and complementary role to mothers.
Research shows that fatigue during exercise is related to low levels of stored carbohydrate.
Research shows that female breast cancer incidence rates have gone up in recent years.
Research shows that female physicians conduct longer visits than male physicians.
Research shows that female physicians work fewer hours than their male counterparts.
Research shows that females suffer at a greater degree than males.
Research shows that few non-pregnant women report taking a vitamin containing folic acid daily.
Research shows that few people can tell their blood sugar levels simply by how they feel.
Research shows that few seizures actually occur in the water.
Research shows that finances affect the amount of contact between generations.
Research shows that fire safety and prevention reduce fire loss and death.
Research shows that first time riders have most of the accidents.
Research shows that flu shots can really pay off.
Research shows that folic acid reduces homocysteine levels in the blood.
Research shows that folic acid, a form of vitamin B, prevents neural tube defects.
Research shows that foods high in protein are usually the highest in selenium.
Research shows that fostering independence also increases the children's self esteem.
Research shows that gains in strength and muscle mass can occur at any age.
Research shows that genes are responsible for about half of the risk for alcohol use disorder.
Research shows that ginseng users do recover faster from strenuous exercise.
Research shows that girls and boys are more alike than different, especially prior to puberty.
Research shows that girls and boys have the same range of abilities in math and science.
Research shows that girls approach their teen years with confidence and enthusiasm.
Research shows that girls attitudes begin to change around that age.
Research shows that girls excel in subjects that have a bearing on their lives.
Research shows that girls learn better in an aesthetically pleasing environment.
Research shows that girls leave the dolls behind and move earlier and earlier on to other pursuits.
Research shows that girls tend to mature earlier than boys do.
Research shows that glycerol is converted to glucose and is stores as an auxiliary fuel source.
Research shows that goals that are written down are much more likely to be realized.
Research shows that good attendance is directly related to school success.
Research shows that good exercise habits are built from sound goals and solid planning.
Research shows that good habits begin early.
Research shows that good tests are more reliable than interviews for making measurements.
Research shows that grade retention does far more harm than good by increasing the dropout rate.
Research shows that great poets have powerful Venus dominating their horoscopes.
Research shows that green layouts are easy on the eyes.
Research shows that guided reading is an important component of a balanced language arts program.
Research shows that habitat is the key to abundance of any wild species.
Research shows that habitat is the key to an abundance of any wild species.
Research shows that half of noncustodial parents gradually lose all contact with their children.
Research shows that having strong family involvement correlates with increased student performance.
Research shows that helmets save lives and minimize injuries.
Research shows that heredity is also a factor.
Research shows that high attendance records correlate with high student achievement.
Research shows that high back padded seats and seat belts provide a safe situation in an accident.
Research shows that high expectations yield high results.
Research shows that high potential students benefit socially from time spent with each other.
Research shows that high risk behaviors decrease with the implementation of service learning.
Research shows that higher uptake rates can occur at night when the stomates are closed.
Research shows that hiring a doula really translates into a more natural, event-free birth.
Research shows that homework is good for children.
Research shows that homophobia decreases with education.
Research shows that human beings thrive on recognition.
Research shows that humor aids most, and probably all, major systems of the body.
Research shows that humor has a positive effect on productivity and morale.
Research shows that humor is a very effective marketing tool.
Research shows that ice slows the swelling and inflammation that occurs after injury.
Research shows that if exercise is attempted again within three hours the symptoms are less severe.
Research shows that if parents are involved in the school, children do better.
Research shows that if students continue on in the same school, they benefit.
Research shows that immediate side effects are rare.
Research shows that immediately after the cord is cut, blood can start clotting.
Research shows that immunization rates are especially low among African American children.
Research shows that impermeable surfaces negate the earth's ability to absorb and filter runoff.
Research shows that in a significant number of cases, there is an hereditary component.
Research shows that in inclusion classrooms all students do better.
Research shows that in many cases implants are actually stronger then natural teeth.
Research shows that inclusive education helps the development of all children in different ways.
Research shows that industry wants engineers to have better business skills.
Research shows that infants in child care do form strong bonds of love with caregivers.
Research shows that infants in day care do form strong bonds of love with their caregivers.
Research shows that informed patients fare better.
Research shows that instruction can improve students' strategic processing of text.
Research shows that interaction increases student performance.
Research shows that interviewers prefer conservative attire.
Research shows that investing in high quality early education programs pays off.
Research shows that investment of money and leadership in elite sport pays off.
Research shows that involved students do better academically.
Research shows that involved, active lives can lead to better teaching in a variety of ways.
Research shows that it automatically improves mood.
Research shows that it can prolong life and reverse the aging process.
Research shows that it has no effect until after the pickles have been fermented.
Research shows that it has significant benefits and a minimum of side effects.
Research shows that it helps lower high triglycerides.
Research shows that it improves grades and behavior.
Research shows that it is a fact that clean floor mats pick up dirt much better than dirty mats.
Research shows that it is definitely a major source of violent behavior in children.
Research shows that it is difficult to compel users to change their starting page defaults.
Research shows that it is hormones that provide health bones and health hearts in women.
Research shows that it makes little difference.
Research shows that it stimulates the adrenal glands, which regulate metabolism, mood and sex drive.
Research shows that it takes about three days for adults to adapt completely to a new time zone.
Research shows that it works.
Research shows that journal writing can help jump-start a career.
Research shows that judges opinions about child witnesses vary.
Research shows that juvenile violence increases dramatically during afterschool hours.
Research shows that kids are spending more money than ever and at an earlier age than ever.
Research shows that kids get stuck in structured-immersion programs, too.
Research shows that kids left alone for long periods of time often get into trouble and mischief.
Research shows that kids love it.
Research shows that kids view parents as their most influential role models.
Research shows that kids who do chores do better in school, too.
Research shows that kids who survive aren t just lucky or born to win.
Research shows that large, crowded schools create hostile and aggressive student populations.
Research shows that larger monitors improve productivity.
Research shows that larger warnings on tobacco products are most effective.
Research shows that late afternoon or early evening is best for most people.
Research shows that late winter is often the season with the poorest-quality colostrum.
Research shows that laughing can be a stress relief.
Research shows that laughter stimulates the movement of blood to the heart and lungs.
Research shows that learning from new technologies is as effective as traditional methods.
Research shows that learning is much more profound when several of the senses are used.
Research shows that learning outcomes are equal between traditional and distance learning.
Research shows that legal abortion can save women's lives.
Research shows that lengthy exposure to strong sunlight can trigger oral herpes.
Research shows that levels of glutamine are closely associated with muscle protein synthesis.
Research shows that long - term exposure to stress leads to exhaustion.
Research shows that long headlines usually do better than short.
Research shows that long term weight loss is dependent, in part, on regular exercise.
Research shows that long term weight loss is unattainable by most people.
Research shows that longer and heavier trucks are more dangerous.
Research shows that lycopenes are the most powerful antioxidant in the carotenoid family.
Research shows that magnetic media degrades over time.
Research shows that males are more reluctant to look for help and receive it than females are.
Research shows that many charter schools have relatively homogeneous student bodies.
Research shows that many couples like to keep their bedroom activities to themselves.
Research shows that many earthquakes occur on small, un-named faults located near well known faults.
Research shows that many factors influence adolescent development.
Research shows that many farmers are over-familiar with tractors and tend to ignore the dangers.
Research shows that many high school female athletes report higher grades.
Research shows that many new teachers leave the profession during their first three years.
Research shows that many parents feel uncomfortable discussing sex with children.
Research shows that many women continue to nurse their children well beyond infancy.
Research shows that many young students are struggling to repay large credit card balances.
Research shows that marijuana contains cancer-causing agents.
Research shows that marijuana is less harmful than many legal drugs, including tobacco.
Research shows that marriage benefits everyone involved - men, women, children and society.
Research shows that marriage benefits everyone involved - men, women, children, and society.
Research shows that married couples . . .
Research shows that married people are twice as likely to get obese than single folks.
Research shows that massage can help release chronic muscular tensions and pain.
Research shows that mastitis results in significantly lower weaning weights.
Research shows that mediation can reduce litigation over custody.
Research shows that medical isotopes can be a life-saving cancer treatment.
Research shows that medication and therapy together are more effective than either by itself.
Research shows that members of fraternities graduate at a higher rate than their non-member peers.
Research shows that men are more likely to complete the task of creating a company than women are.
Research shows that men enjoy the luxury of a toe ring as much as women.
Research shows that men prefer vivid colors such as yellow, orange and red.
Research shows that mental health initiatives are more effective.
Research shows that mentoring has a positive effect on children.
Research shows that mentoring has a positive impact on student learning.
Research shows that mentorship can have long-range beneficial effects.
Research shows that metacognition is an effective heuristic.
Research shows that milk and dairy products have high estrogen levels.
Research shows that milk has a high level of synthetic hormones.
Research shows that milk thistle helps the liver break down and excrete poisons.
Research shows that mining causes environmental damage regardless of the ore process used.
Research shows that minority students preferred a more traditional learning situation.
Research shows that moderate activity can yield major health benefits.
Research shows that moderation in all things is the key to a long and healthy life.
Research shows that moist wounds heal faster than dry wounds.
Research shows that mold can cause allergic reactions similar to hay fever.
Research shows that more active visualizations achieve greater success than less active.
Research shows that more people are shopping online.
Research shows that more people move from heavy drinking to heroin, than from marijuana.
Research shows that more than half of Mexican immigrants return to live in Mexico.
Research shows that more than half the water used in the summer is used on home landscapes.
Research shows that most adult smokers began experimenting with tobacco during their teen years.
Research shows that most American teachers prefer retention to social promotion.
Research shows that most articles are better read than than the adverts.
Research shows that most bright American students are passive.
Research shows that most changes in answers go from rights to wrongs.
Research shows that most child abuse occurs within the home.
Research shows that most children learn social English in one to three years.
Research shows that most computer viruses are spread via email.
Research shows that most dirt comes into a home on people s and pet s feet.
Research shows that most eating disorders started with a diet.
Research shows that most families and other caregivers treat older adults with love and respect.
Research shows that most girls learn more readily in cooperative situations.
Research shows that most IPOs end their first year lower.
Research shows that most people are more relaxed in a natural landscape.
Research shows that most people continue to produce growth hormone well into advanced age.
Research shows that most people eat an average of three servings of fruits and vegetables a day.
Research shows that most people have never determined their financial goals.
Research shows that most people use the label to determine one of two things.
Research shows that most people visit Web sites for information.
Research shows that most readers love the way they have presented the pages.
Research shows that most smokers who want to quit benefit from the support of other people.
Research shows that most students flunk when it comes to knowing about money.
Research shows that most tormentors are taught their behavior by others.
Research shows that most vocabulary growth comes from learning new words in reading.
Research shows that most women are concerned more with quality of life than quantity of life.
Research shows that mowing high produces a denser grass with a greater volume of roots.
Research shows that much of the money that companies spend on marketing is actually wasted.
Research shows that multiple short study sessions are much better than one long study session.
Research shows that multivitamin supplements can help most people.
Research shows that music education helps kids in all aspects of their lives.
Research shows that music education helps kids in other areas of study.
Research shows that music trains the brain for higher forms of thinking.
Research shows that nationwide, students commonly commit similar kinds of errors in their essays.
Research shows that near shore fishing opportunities have declined over the past decade.
Research shows that networking is the single most effective way of getting a job.
Research shows that newlyweds gain weight at a faster rate then their single peers.
Research shows that no one professional group can effectively control or reduce violence.
Research shows that no one professional group can effectly control or reduce violence.
Research shows that no single form of instruction works best for all individuals.
Research shows that non-verbal communication is actually more important than verbal communication.
Research shows that nonverbal communication is actually more important than verbal communication.
Research shows that nothing attracts students like technology.
Research shows that obese children become obese adults.
Research shows that obese patients . . .
Research shows that of people who divorce, one third regret the decision five years later.
Research shows that older neighborhood schools often serve as community anchors.
Research shows that on average people keep a phonecard in their pockets for seven months.
Research shows that on most soils with some silt and clay, nitrogen leaching from lawns is a rare.
Research shows that on-campus living provides benefits that last a lifetime.
Research shows that once youth enter into the justice system they are likely to go back.
Research shows that one good therapeutic letter is worth about four face to face sessions.
Research shows that one of the best treatments for osteoarthritis is exercise.
Research shows that one of the hardest parts is what it does to the mind and body.
Research shows that one place where people actually read the details is on the back of milk cartons.
Research shows that ones dependence on visual communication can slow progress in auditory learning.
Research shows that online courses require new strategies for design and delivery.
Research shows that only dramatic reductions in class size have any impact on student achievement.
Research shows that organisations can benefit from different perspectives.
Research shows that our ability to recognize faces is present at birth.
Research shows that our audience is among the most loyal listeners in public radio.
Research shows that outcome to be very clear.
Research shows that outdoor camp activities have a positive effect on youths' development.
Research shows that over two thirds of our population is concerned about the environment.
Research shows that overdose often occurs after users have tried to come off the drug.
Research shows that oxidative stress plays a major role in many health conditions.
Research shows that oxygen deficiency can be the single greatest cause of disease.
Research shows that pain and disability can be minimized with early diagnosis and treatment.
Research shows that parent involvement is key when it comes to childhood education.
Research shows that parental involvement increases academic achievement.
Research shows that parental involvement is one of the most effective spurs to learning.
Research shows that parents' and teachers' attitudes influence children's attitudes.
Research shows that parents at all grade levels want to stay informed and involved.
Research shows that parents have the most significant impact of anyone on the children's behavior.
Research shows that parents' primary concern is that their children are safe at school.
Research shows that parents' standards matter to their kids.
Research shows that participation in arts can make kids feel better about themselves.
Research shows that pasture weeds can be controlled by increasing forage competition.
Research shows that patients who are actively involved with their care tend to get better results.
Research shows that patients who are more involved with their care tend to get better results.
Research shows that pavements built smoother stay smoother longer.
Research shows that PCBs have other health effects at lower levels.
Research shows that people are going to have four to six careers in their lifetime.
Research shows that people are very opposed to receiving junk e-mail.
Research shows that people are willing to be accountable when the process is thorough and fair.
Research shows that people deprived of sleep have raised glucose levels.
Research shows that people eat less just by keeping food diaries.
Research shows that people feel better and are healthier as a result of volunteering.
Research shows that people have more difficulty reading off a computer screen than off paper.
Research shows that people learn best by doing.
Research shows that people live longer, happier lives, with pets.
Research shows that people panic less in familiar situations.
Research shows that people prefer to respond to internet ads over newspaper ads.
Research shows that people prefer using their local search-engine.
Research shows that people prone to depression feel better when they exercise on a regular basis.
Research shows that people respond positively to brighter light and colors.
Research shows that people spend more on gifts when they use their credit cards.
Research shows that people stay at a web site four times longer when they can interact on it.
Research shows that people stay with the program longer when the whole family is in it together.
Research shows that people think chronologically.
Research shows that people try a new restaurant for different reasons, depending on their age.
Research shows that people who have expertise in a certain area tend to over-generalize that.
Research shows that people who have frequent visitors report lower stress levels.
Research shows that people who have meaningful goals to strive towards are healthier.
Research shows that people who kill and abuse animals go on to kill or abuse people.
Research shows that people who laugh more frequently at work are much more productive.
Research shows that people who make use of the library tend to do so regularly.
Research shows that people who persist win in work, love and play.
Research shows that people who watch lots of TV have large upward biases.
Research shows that people with diabetes mellitus often have higher levels of triglycerides.
Research shows that people with lactose intolerance can consume up to two cups of milk a day.
Research shows that people with more power live longer and have better health.
Research shows that people with poor social support are more vulnerable to heart disease.
Research shows that people with the best vocabularies get the best jobs and the best salaries.
Research shows that people's decision to smoke is influenced by tobacco industry promotion.
Research shows that people's hay fever symptoms tend to be at their worst during their mid-twenties.
Research shows that perception of apprehension is a very effective deterrent.
Research shows that perinatal effects have very little if any effect on the development of autism.
Research shows that periodic fasting helps cleanse the system and improves concentration.
Research shows that persons who control their diabetes have lower chances of having a stroke.
Research shows that PFIs tend to form at a young age and stick.
Research shows that phytonutrients help to maintain a healthy body.
Research shows that pictures sell.
Research shows that polyunsaturated fats reduce both LDLs and HDLs.
Research shows that poor communication leads to worse patient outcomes.
Research shows that poor eating habits and drug consumption can reduce male potency.
Research shows that porn is an accomplice in crime.
Research shows that positive adult role models are essential to student persistence.
Research shows that positive thoughts benefit our immune system, health in general and de-stress.
Research shows that poverty and underdevelopment are major factors in maternal mortality.
Research shows that poverty has a dire effect on children's health and development.
Research shows that poverty is often an indicator of a child's academic performance.
Research shows that pregnant broodmares gain most of their weight during the second trimester.
Research shows that preschool and other programs that reach children at an early age are the answer.
Research shows that presenting less is more effective.
Research shows that prevention and early intervention are key.
Research shows that prevention is better than intervention.
Research shows that preventive dental care can reduce the oral complications of cancer treatment.
Research shows that pre-verbal children notice color and gender differences in people.
Research shows that primary prevention is the best practical solution.
Research shows that private counseling tends to allow teachers to get to the root of the problem.
Research shows that proper nutrition can increase the average life span of a dog up to two years.
Research shows that protein and carbohydrate meals can influence serotonin levels in the body.
Research shows that protein from high protein hays is just as good as protein from oil meals.
Research shows that pulmonary rehabilitation helps people with lung disease lead more active lives.
Research shows that quality teachers can have a huge impact on student achievement.
Research shows that raised beds can more than double that yield.
Research shows that rapists look for available women they perceive as vulnerable.
Research shows that reading ability is directly related to reading frequency.
Research shows that reading at young ages promotes brain development.
Research shows that reading improves writing skills.
Research shows that reading is crucial to a child s brain development and intellectual stimulation.
Research shows that reading practice improves comprehension and builds vocabulary.
Research shows that recommendations from high profile faculty are very valuable.
Research shows that record keeping helps people lose more weight.
Research shows that reducing blood pressure significantly reduces heart diseases.
Research shows that reducing the number of unintended pregnancies saves states money.
Research shows that reefs gradually recover from such storms, but the recovery is slow.
Research shows that regular amounts of barley can dramatically lower cholesterol levels.
Research shows that regular cycling can cut the chances of heart disease in half.
Research shows that regular exercise can provide both.
Research shows that regular exercise is one of the most effective ways to keep the weight off.
Research shows that regular exercise reduces negative feelings.
Research shows that regular participation in weekly SI sessions can result in a higher grade.
Research shows that regular workouts lift depression, release stress and sharpen the mind.
Research shows that regularly maintained sites that are updated frequently attract repeat visits.
Research shows that relationship roles can change profoundly when one spouse stops working.
Research shows that releasing powerful pent-up feelings is good for the body as well as the soul.
Research shows that religious beliefs can improve mental and emotional health.
Research shows that remedial education can help.
Research shows that renting a locker is most often an impulse decision.
Research shows that repeating waves of high-visibility enforcement saves lives.
Research shows that repetition dramatically increases retention.
Research shows that repetition leads to more repetition and eventually to school dropouts.
Research shows that resilience is ordinary rather than extraordinary.
Research shows that resilient farm families face problems head-on and look for solutions together.
Research shows that restraint use decreases as children grow up.
Research shows that risk varies according to the level of gum infection.
Research shows that sales over the Internet are quite responsive to failure to collect use tax.
Research shows that savings generated in strategic sourcing directly impact the bottom line.
Research shows that school achievement correlates highly with school attendance.
Research shows that school efforts are enhanced when children have books in their homes.
Research shows that school health prevention education can be effective in reducing tobacco use.
Research shows that scleroderma can follow one of two paths.
Research shows that second language learning is strongly correlated to first language proficiency.
Research shows that seeing parents hit each other has different effects on girls and boys.
Research shows that self, peer, and supervisory evaluations maximize growth.
Research shows that self-esteem in children with epilepsy is as big an issue as safety.
Research shows that self-prescribing is up and physician office visits are down.
Research shows that sequential presentation produces more reliable results.
Research shows that serious health problems caused by cardiac rehabilitation exercise are rare.
Research shows that serotonin plays a crucial role in meditating behavior and moods.
Research shows that service-learning improves student attendance, grades and conduct.
Research shows that sesame seed oil is a potent antioxidant.
Research shows that several orders enhance recruitment to the natural fisheries.
Research shows that sex offenders have lower recidivism rates than other types of criminals.
Research shows that sexual abuse among adolescent females is strongly related to teenage pregnancy.
Research shows that sexual harassment is most likely where women are few in number.
Research shows that sexual orientation exists in everyone at an early age, perhaps even at birth.
Research shows that sexually abusive teachers are often the most popular teachers.
Research shows that shift workers average seven hours less sleep per week than day workers.
Research shows that sign language can help children 's learning ability to grow .
Research shows that sign language can help children's learning ability to grow.
Research shows that significant change occurs only when such groups exist within a school.
Research shows that simple language sells products and services better than any other kind.
Research shows that skilled caring leads to better health outcomes for our relatives.
Research shows that slow loading or poorly organized Web sites drive people away.
Research shows that smaller classes produce brighter kids.
Research shows that smoked marijuana damages the brain, heart, lungs and immune system.
Research shows that smokers are twice as likely to develop kidney cancer as nonsmokers.
Research shows that smoking and drinking alcohol both can distort sperm's form.
Research shows that smoking cessation has major and immediate benefits for smokers of all ages.
Research shows that socioeconomic status counts for more than gender in the classroom.
Research shows that soil erosion substantially lowers crop yields.
Research shows that soiling appears most readily on white or light yellow floor coverings.
Research shows that some cannabis users have a lower sex drive.
Research shows that some do work.
Research shows that some have a mild headache and slight feeling of nausea for two to three days.
Research shows that some or all of the following criteria is used for evaluation.
Research shows that some people have a more analytical learning style than others.
Research shows that some policies, programs, and laws work better than others.
Research shows that some reduction in soil test levels can occur without reducing crop yields.
Research shows that some treatments tend to be more effective than others.
Research shows that sometimes herbals are as effective as pharmaceuticals.
Research shows that soy proteins are present in soybean oil and soy lecithin.
Research shows that speed increases more readily if simple words are used and are repeated often.
Research shows that spelling or grammatical errors in a r sum can be fatal to employment chances.
Research shows that sperm counts are reduced in men and imbalances in hormones occur in females.
Research shows that spiritual retreats help children anchor in spirituality.
Research shows that sprouts are a veritable fountain of youth.
Research shows that steel shipwrecks serve as attractive habitats for marine life.
Research shows that stepfamilies go through stages of development.
Research shows that stewardship education can increase giving regardless of a church's denomination.
Research shows that streambank plantings help filter chemicals from farm runoff.
Research shows that student grades improve by staying in music.
Research shows that student success is higher in schools where there is high parent participation.
Research shows that students do better if they have breakfast before they take tests.
Research shows that students do better in school when parents are involved .
Research shows that students do better when parents are involved in their child's education.
Research shows that students forget at different rates.
Research shows that students in small schools have lower levels of violent behavior.
Research shows that students involved in co-curricular activities do better academically.
Research shows that students involved in the arts do better in other subjects.
Research shows that students learn best when working on real problems within their own communities.
Research shows that students tend to do better when they answer the easier questions first.
Research shows that students tend to stick with the credit card company that they start with.
Research shows that students who are organized are more successful in school.
Research shows that students who attend class and actively listen get better grades and learn more.
Research shows that students who attend school regularly are more successful academically.
Research shows that students who do more homework are more successful in school.
Research shows that students who have notes to review from do better on exams.
Research shows that students who learn service to others do better in their own lives and careers.
Research shows that students who live on campus are more likely to succeed in college.
Research shows that students who work in groups perform better in math courses.
Research shows that students whose parents become involved with the school do better in school.
Research shows that subliminal suggestions have very little real value.
Research shows that such a partnership results in higher attendance rates and lower dropout rates.
Research shows that such brief interventions can be highly effective.
Research shows that such reflection dramatically increases the value of the learning experience.
Research shows that such results take time.
Research shows that such wide exposure to sound has produced a major problem.
Research shows that such youngsters also have a high probability of becoming victims.
Research shows that such youngsters also have a higher probability of becoming victims.
Research shows that sugar causes diabetes in animals.
Research shows that tables of contents better prepare readers to understand papers.
Research shows that talking about books is linked with higher reading scores.
Research shows that talking with babies enriches their later vocabulary and language skills.
Research shows that teacher quality is a key indicator of student performance.
Research shows that teacher quality is one of the most important factors in student performance.
Research shows that teachers preparation makes a tremendous difference to children s learning.
Research shows that teachers tend to reject the interventions that take more time.
Research shows that teaching time shifts toward subject matter that is assessed.
Research shows that team commitment increases when the skills of team members and managers increase.
Research shows that technique counts more than frequency or regularity of an exam.
Research shows that technology can be a powerful tool for teaching and learning.
Research shows that technology increases student and teacher performance.
Research shows that teenagers are often sleep deprived.
Research shows that teens meet with accidents after they jampack their vehicles with friends.
Research shows that teens respond best to ads that directly attack the tobacco industry.
Research shows that teens talk to their friends about dating violence.
Research shows that television viewers want to better understand the news.
Research shows that test anxiety is also a big predictor of job performance later in life.
Research shows that tethers save lives.
Research shows that text anxiety is also a big predictor of job performance later in life.
Research shows that the ag retail industry has pay scales in line with other industries.
Research shows that the alpha-tocopherol form of vitamin E is the most active form of the eight.
Research shows that the apology is a huge point of contention between the sexes.
Research shows that the areas of empathy and tolerance of difference and diversity are enhanced.
Research shows that the arts can significantly improve the lives of individuals with disabilities.
Research shows that the benefits gained are well worth the investment.
Research shows that the benefits of inclusive classrooms reach beyond academics.
Research shows that the best snow fences are about half solid and half openings.
Research shows that the best way to find breast cancer is to get a mammogram.
Research shows that the best way to improve learning and performance is to motivate students.
Research shows that the better the local weather reporting, the greater the viewing audience.
Research shows that the body absorbs more fluid when electrolytes such as sodium are added.
Research shows that the brain develops most rapidly during a child's first year.
Research shows that the brain is more plastic than many thought it is.
Research shows that the brain notices and senses our movements and actions .
Research shows that the brain notices and senses our movements and actions.
Research shows that the carrot is more effective than the stick.
Research shows that the chances of developing lung cancer decreases after one quits .
Research shows that the chances of developing lung cancer decreases after one quits.
Research shows that the cost is high for children without fathers.
Research shows that the costs of fatherlessness are high.
Research shows that the decision for the second earner to take a job is sensitive to tax costs.
Research shows that the disabled are abused and violated more often than the non-disabled.
Research shows that the divorce of parents inflicts significant long-term trauma on children.
Research shows that the dynamic nature of flash is to increase repeat visits and purchase rates.
Research shows that the earlier a problem is treated, the better it is for the child.
Research shows that the earlier help occurs the sooner families can make positive changes.
Research shows that the effects of seeing parents hit each other are different for girls and boys.
Research shows that the entrepreneurial reality is more mundane.
Research shows that the financial impacts of even a small power cut can be catastrophic.
Research shows that the first baby a mother nurses probably receives the highest dose of POPs.
Research shows that the first seven seconds is critical in making a good impression.
Research shows that the foodservice channel is booming.
Research shows that the forage yield potential of winter cereals is significant.
Research shows that the general public has favorable impressions of the police.
Research shows that the hormones triggered by stress can raise cholesterol levels.
Research shows that the human brain has a remarkable capacity to change, but timing is crucial.
Research shows that the incidence of road accidents involving learner drivers is very low.
Research shows that the inner ear is the only sense organ to fully form before birth.
Research shows that the larger the company, the more likely it is to recycle.
Research shows that the level of hormones in saliva parallels levels of hormones in blood.
Research shows that the level of hormones in saliva parallels the levels of hormones in blood.
Research shows that the levels of hormones in saliva parallels levels of hormones in blood.
Research shows that the longer an individual smokes the harder the it is to quit.
Research shows that the majority of drug users buy their drugs through established networks.
Research shows that the majority of new business ventures fail.
Research shows that the majority of the contamination is coming from residential sources.
Research shows that the majority of web surfers have little patience with site load time.
Research shows that the management of human resources tends to follow one of several pathways.
Research shows that the marketplace is becoming more and more fragmented.
Research shows that the mentally ill have the highest rates of unemployment of any disabled group.
Research shows that the more a child reads the more successful a child is in school.
Research shows that the more a father is involved, the better a child develops.
Research shows that the more coyotes are hunted, the faster they seem to compensate.
Research shows that the more frequent the feedback, the faster the behavior changes.
Research shows that the more kids read, the better they do in school.
Research shows that the more patients are involved in their health care the better they do overall.
Research shows that the more recitation classes a student attends, the better their grades.
Research shows that the more students miss class, the greater their chances of failing.
Research shows that the more students read, the more vocabulary and concepts they acquire.
Research shows that the most polluted runoff comes from heavily traveled streets and highways.
Research shows that the most successful programs combine work first and education or training.
Research shows that the motives are mostly personal, tawdry and banal and mainly involve money.
Research shows that the native Roosevelt elk make little use of tall oatgrass in the diets.
Research shows that the old adage 'healthy body - healthy mind' is true indeed.
Research shows that the optimistic persons have healthier immune system.
Research shows that the partner of the abuser is often at the greatest risk for psychopathology.
Research shows that the pavlova was first made in New Zealand .
Research shows that the population that has the most difficulty quitting cigarettes is teen-agers.
Research shows that the positive effects of laughter occur as early as a smile.
Research shows that the proactive, thinking classroom produces learners who problem solve.
Research shows that the problems of caregivers are multidimensional.
Research shows that the risk of being hit by another vehicle is much greater.
Research shows that the risk of child abuse increases when parents are under extreme stress.
Research shows that the risks from smoking are substantially higher than previously thought.
Research shows that the same wave also transmits sound through liquid or solid bodies.
Research shows that the single most effective intervention in the life of a child is mentoring.
Research shows that the sooner students know how they did on an assignment, the better.
Research shows that the structured water content in youthful cells is very high.
Research shows that the use of assistive devices can reduce health care costs.
Research shows that the vast majority of words are learned from context.
Research shows that the website is increasingly where most access to the collection occurs.
Research shows that therapy is helpful to most people willing to invest the required effort.
Research shows that there are definite relationships between academic performance and self-concepts.
Research shows that there are fewer problems with the brain after the beating heart surgery.
Research shows that there are gender differences in the ways that men and women communicate.
Research shows that there are major differences in how often parents read to their children.
Research shows that there are many breast cancer risk factors, such as age and family history.
Research shows that there are many potential risk factors for youth violence.
Research shows that there are several crucial components to any successful intervention program.
Research shows that there are several different learning styles for over half of all students.
Research shows that there can be significant differences.
Research shows that there have been two main drivers ofthe stock market.
Research shows that there is a range of cheap and effective ways of helping people to quit.
Research shows that there is a small link between humor and schizophrenia.
Research shows that there is less absenteeism from work among breastfeeding families.
Research shows that there is no correlation between welfare grants and the rate of births.
Research shows that there is no one way to teach reading.
Research shows that there is virtually no graduation of users from soft to hard drugs.
Research shows that there s something ominous about short-term interest rates hitting six per cent.
Research shows that they are capable of holding their breath while submerged for about five minutes.
Research shows that they are more likely to end up homeless than their heterosexual counterparts.
Research shows that they are too casual and reduce credibility.
Research shows that they have the highest unemployment rates of any disabled group.
Research shows that they improve the quality of life and are therefore cost-effective interventions.
Research shows that they live between cotton seasons, through winter, on weeds.
Research shows that they return valuable nutrients back to the soil.
Research shows that thousands of new neurons are produced in the hippocampus every day.
Research shows that time utility is the U.S. consumer's top priority.
Research shows that tired adolescents and adults are also cranky.
Research shows that today Christian couples are divorcing as fast as non-believers.
Research shows that too much or too little.
Research shows that too much. rheumatoid arthritis and exercise .
Research shows that too much.
Research shows that tracking is detrimental to student success.
Research shows that traditional custody arrangements too often do the exact opposite.
Research shows that traditional interviews alone are a very unreliable way of selecting candidates.
Research shows that transitions between modalities can be a very difficult task.
Research shows that transplanted trees establish quicker when as much foliage as possible remains.
Research shows that treatment for drug addictions is effective.
Research shows that trees develop better and faster without stakes.
Research shows that trees help reduce stress in the workplace and speed hospital patients recovery.
Research shows that 'trust' is the central element in the decision to give.
Research shows that tutors and mentors often make a big difference in a child's academic success.
Research shows that tutors learn even more than students through tutoring.
Research shows that twins who are joined even at the brain can have totally separate personalities.
Research shows that two thirds of drivers break speed limits some of the time.
Research shows that U.S. dailies reach more than two readers per copy.
Research shows that unattended children are at high risk of drowning.
Research shows that undercooking food is a contributing factor in many foodborne disease outbreaks.
Research shows that undergraduate students achieve better outcomes with on campus delivery.
Research shows that understanding what one reads is improved if preceded by appropriate experiences.
Research shows that unerupted teeth are mineralized in early infancy.
Research shows that unsuccessful alliances often contribute to major business problems.
Research shows that up to half of on- line purchases are abandoned at the last minute.
Research shows that up to half the tomatoes harvested are wasted while being handled and processed.
Research shows that up to three out of four attackers had been drinking when the attack happened.
Research shows that upbeat and optimistic people tend to dodge colds.
Research shows that urine poses little threat to human health.
Research shows that users of the service are more likely to spend more than non-Napster users.
Research shows that using it for two days on then two days off prevents attenuation.
Research shows that using the environment as a focal point of teaching improves student performance.
Research shows that venture capital investments are related to a region's high-technology base.
Research shows that very high stock-market returns occur only over short periods.
Research shows that very strenuous weight training can damage the growth plates of bones.
Research shows that violence and sex in the media do influence adolescent health and behavior.
Research shows that violence in relationships tends to occur in a cycle.
Research shows that violence often occurs between people who are dating.
Research shows that vision develops very rapidly during the first year of life.
Research shows that visual tools in learning help students organize, grasp and retain information.
Research shows that visualisation can prompt tissue changes to take place.
Research shows that warm and somewhat muted colors reduce stress.
Research shows that warm tissues stretch better than cold tissues.
Research shows that warming up first helps protect cold muscles from injury during stretching.
Research shows that water is a powerful element influencing preference as is vegetation.
Research shows that weapon carrying in schools significantly varies by school setting.
Research shows that Web users click on the top search results most often.
Research shows that weight loss is greater with dieting alone than with exercise alone.
Research shows that well- rested students do better on tests.
Research shows that when a body is exposed to environmental pollution it can damage the sperm.
Research shows that when a single parent is capable of loving authority, children flourish.
Research shows that when adults buckle up, children get buckled up too.
Research shows that when depression is treated, cognitive function, including memory, improves.
Research shows that when families are involved in schools, students do better.
Research shows that when parents and schools work together, students do better.
Research shows that when parents are tuned in there are positive outcomes for everyone.
Research shows that when parents participate in the school experience, two lessons are learned.
Research shows that when people eat to cope with emotions, they usually choose salty or fatty foods.
Research shows that when reckless drivers are forced to buckle up, they drive even more recklessly.
Research shows that when schools and parents work together, students achieve more.
Research shows that when seniors stay active, and have a social life, they stay healthier.
Research shows that when there is a buffer zone, the level of violence drops dramatically.
Research shows that when they have enough food and shelter they are more likely to engage in mating.
Research shows that when vitamin A levels are low, T-cell counts also take a beating.
Research shows that white, middle-aged women are most at risk.
Research shows that whole family activities teach the child how to make school a success.
Research shows that with each concussion the swelling factor goes up fourTimes.
Research shows that with more individual attention from qualified teachers, students learn best.
Research shows that women and people of color continue to suffer wage discrimination.
Research shows that women are more likely than men to be elderly caregivers.
Research shows that women are much more likely to be victims of family violence than men.
Research shows that women ask for raises even less frequently than men.
Research shows that women of color are especially vulnerable to heart disease and stroke.
Research shows that women tend to accept or reject offers outright, according to Wellington.
Research shows that women tend to develop cankers more often than men.
Research shows that working on campus can lead to improved academic performance.
Research shows that writing on a word processor improves writing skills.
Research shows that young girls are doing equally well academically.
Research shows that young people are looking for depth.
Research shows that young people have little interest in special youth programmes.
Research shows that young people often view youth messengers more credibly than adult messengers.
Research shows that youth under competent, caring adults are happier and more resilient.
Research shows that, in sprouts, one finds one of the foods highest in vitamin and mineral content.
Research shows that, on review, the CPS often reduce or drop charges faced by black defendants.
Research shows that, on the average, long headlines sell more merchandise than short ones.
Research shows that.
Research shows thatch buildup is related to earthworms and night crawlers in the lawn.
Research shows the actions of chewing, sipping or sucking release soothing hormones in the brain.
Research shows the arts stimulate creativity, discovery, self-expression, and the ability to learn.
Research shows the average American eats about one serving a day.
Research shows the average pause time after a question is asked is eight-tenths of a second.
Research shows the bark to have antioxidant, antibacterial and liver-protective properties.
Research shows the benefits of a caring parent-child relationship last a lifetime.
Research shows the best writers are people who read.
Research shows the country style home delivers the best response.
Research shows the disease can take years to develop.
Research shows the dual-age classroom has a positive affect on children's behaviour.
Research shows the early elementary years as the optimum time to learn new languages.
Research shows the first three years of life are critical to brain development.
Research shows the fuel can be subjected to a wide range of operating conditions safely.
Research shows the high performing schools have a high level parent involvement.
Research shows the highest achieving students attend schools with good library media centers.
Research shows the highest achieving students come from schools with good school libraries.
Research shows the kids are right.
Research shows the major cause of gum disease is plaque.
Research shows the manatee to be a gentle animal with few enemies.
Research shows the number of crimes committed by teens in some cases surpasses the adult rate.
Research shows the opposite.
Research shows the problem is likely to increase.
Research shows the procedure is effective, but has considerable morbidity and mortality.
Research shows the project is increasing student achievement.
Research shows the quality and quantity of sleep impact a person's emotions.
Research shows the ray florets shows depilatory effects, potentially useful in face creams.
Research shows the right expertise improves their quality .
Research shows the single greatest fear of any human being is rejection.
Research shows the thinnest of carpets impede solar collection in the floor heat sink.
Research shows the value of physical activity and exercise to the health of the back.
Research shows the world has long been subject to prolonged climate cycles.
Research shows the wraps relax muscles to relieve the pain from cramps and spasms.
Research shows the yield and quality of produce improves with a buried drip system.
Research shows their effect on blood cholesterol levels is variable.
Research shows there are less attacks when people travel in groups.
Research shows there are literally thousands of factors affecting the decision to act.
Research shows there are many benefits inherent in the family-pet bond.
Research shows there are other, possibly more significant, causes of fatigue.
Research shows there is a link between listening to or playing music and child development.
Research shows there is no compariable commercial product available anywhere.
Research shows there to be many active ingredients in North American Ginseng.
Research shows they are counterproductive.
Research shows they are unnecessary for backyard composting.
Research shows they often do a better job.
Research shows they usually have fewer social skills and undeveloped mediating ability.
Research shows three out of ten birth control users miss at least one pill in the monthly cycle.
Research shows time and time again that excessive speed causes injuries and costs lives.
Research shows tobacco can transmit a virus to tomatoes.
Research shows today's users learn by doing.
Research shows truck crash risk increases with driver hours behind the wheel.
Research shows TV does increase aggressive behavior.
Research shows undergraduates want to know two kinds of information on the first day of class.
Research shows variation of quality of care in Britain's hospitals.
Research shows vitamin E to be a powerful antioxidant, crucial to the maintenance of healthy cells.
Research shows walking is one of the best all-over exercises.
Research shows Web users are uncommonly likely to bolt at the sight of an old-style marketing pitch.
Research shows web users particularly want customized weather.
Research shows what each hemisphere does and how they cooperate with each other.
Research shows whatever the researcher wants it to show.
Research shows when parents participate in their child's education, children are more successful.
Research shows which parental teaching strategies work better and which are less effective.
Research shows women and men both are empathetic, though it often is expressed quite differently.
Research shows women today do two-thirds of the household chores.
Research shows, however, that effective mentoring takes much more.
Research shows, however, that form-based visual programs often contain faults.
Research shows, however, that it is generally ineffective in controlling disruptive behavior.
Research shows, however, that play is crucial at all stages.
Research shows, however, that spreadsheets often contain faults.
Research shows, however, that yields are best in crops that are weed-free through the early season.
Research shows, in fact, that almost one-fourth of all attempted suicides are by older people.
Research shows. type of arthritis .
Research simply remains outside the purview of most classroom teachers.
Research skills to locate and compile appropriate data, information and materials.
Research snails together.
Research specializes in collecting and processing information online.
Research spells out Pill risks.
Research sponsored by external agencies is one of the major thrusts.
Research stands the test of time.
Research Start with what the experts say to.
Research starts in South Carolina and extends into Georgia, Mississippi, Arkansas, and Texas.
Research starts on classroom and transmission equipment.
Research starts with examination of the literature.
Research starts with getting everyone to focus on the same goal at the same time.
Research states one of the primary learning methods for children is imitation.
Research states that the triathlon participant is u-market.
Research states that when people's learning styles are addressed they can perform better.
Research states that when the body moves, the brain remembers.
Research states that young children are cognitively unready to learn in an abstract manner.
Research stays in England and France.
Research stays vary in length from a few days to four months.
Research stems from a creative idea.
Research still continues on what is the route to go.
Research still continues, trying to better enhance the properties of the feed enzyme.
Research still needs t identify reasons for lower screening among women who smoke.
Research strengthen collective impact.
Research stresses the importance of keeping the patient still.
Research strongly indicates that, given a choice, consumers prefer to purchase locally grown foods.
Research strongly suggests schizencephaly results from a disruption early in fetal development.
Research strongly suggests that natural diversity is the preferred source.
Research strongly suggests that the music campaign is having an impact on kids' perceptions.
Research struggles to be relevant.
Research studentships for up to three years are available to some groups.
Research studies a window on newspapers' intentions.
Research subcontracts with other institutions of higher education.
Research submit questions, research the problems.
Research suggest long-lasting effects on children.
Research suggest that zinc and B vitamins are essential for learning.
Research suggests a hypersensitivity reaction possibly to a previously eliminated bacteria.
Research suggests a number of complementary strategies schools can employ.
Research suggests a relationship between high-sensation scores and drugs and violence in teens.
Research suggests a significant negative effect.
Research suggests about half a million firearms are stolen a year.
Research suggests activities involving flow are most effective in reducing stress.
Research suggests age differences favoring young adults.
Research suggests an emerging pattern of increasing professionalization.
Research suggests an indirect link between dietary fat and prostate cancer.
Research suggests both acute and chronic mechanisms of toxicity.
Research suggests buff feathering is linked to feather problems.
Research suggests downloading music and video off the Web is only likely to increase.
Research suggests forced molting increases the incidence of salmonella.
Research suggests four to six students ought to make up each group.
Research suggests greater kudu are primarily browsers that minimally utilize grasses.
Research suggests humans can only process about seven pieces of information at a time.
Research suggests inclusion of language objectives along with content objectives.
Research suggests it alters DNA and protein in the skin.
Research suggests it can also ease normally intractable liver conditions.
Research suggests it is one of the most unique dialects in the United States.
Research suggests it results from a genetically based imbalance of neurotransmitters in the brain.
Research suggests it to be a case of mistaken identity.
Research suggests it's the whole food.
Research suggests low magnesium levels in patients suffering migraine.
Research suggests low pay and job insecurity are discouraging young people from becoming academics.
Research suggests many factors affect the likelihood of good outcomes.
Research suggests native plants are four times more attractive to native bees than exotic flowers.
Research suggests neuromuscular coordination is enhanced by warming up.
Research suggests nonverbal communication is even more important than spoken words.
Research suggests otherwise.
Research suggests seven colours on screen is about the optimum.
Research suggests several hypothesized mechanisms for the linkage in conjoint alcohol-tobacco use.
Research suggests structure can improve reliability and validity.
Research suggests sunflower is somewhat more sensitive to phosphorous than potassium.
Research suggests taurine is essential to the normal development of passerine birds.
Research suggests that a crosswalk gives a pedestrian a false sense of security.
Research suggests that a full supply of magnesium can maximize exercise effeciency.
Research suggests that a lack of sleep can be more dangerous than alcohol.
Research suggests that a majority of teachers overestimate what their students have learned.
Research suggests that a mule deer can detect human odor at up to a half mile away.
Research suggests that a pre-dinner workout is an excellent appetite suppressor.
Research suggests that a room temperature above seventy-five degrees can interfere with sleep.
Research suggests that a state of health is possible even in the presence of serious illness.
Research suggests that a substantial number leave because of burnout.
Research suggests that an endogenous opiate acts to help relieve pain.
Research suggests that asthma is due to inflammation and that allergies can make symptoms worse.
Research suggests that authentic foods and medicines bring balance to the body, mind and spirit.
Research suggests that battered women are at increased risk for abusing their children.
Research suggests that bifidobacteria species can improve the nutritional value of foods.
Research suggests that bilingualism broadens a person's thinking abilities.
Research suggests that both the numbers and average size of the great white have recently declined.
Research suggests that burning before chemical application is more effective than chemicals alone.
Research suggests that calcium is a true multi-purpose nutrient.
Research suggests that capsaicin can also help relieve cluster headaches.
Research suggests that cerebral palsy results from incorrect cell development early in pregnancy.
Research suggests that certain fats are good for infants born prematurely.
Research suggests that certain types of exercises are associated with persistent soreness.
Research suggests that chewing gum containing zinc reduces bad breath.
Research suggests that child abuse is a reliable predictor of adult criminal behavior.
Research suggests that children absorb much more in the first decade of life than thereafter.
Research suggests that children find unique acceptance in their relationships with grandparents.
Research suggests that children from single parent families are at risk for difficulties in school.
Research suggests that children often remember places and sensations more than adults.
Research suggests that children respond positively to higher expectations.
Research suggests that children who learn responsibility also learn altruism and caring.
Research suggests that choices made by workers are just as important.
Research suggests that choices of teaching strategies do make a difference in the learning process.
Research suggests that classical music can improve higher-order brain functions.
Research suggests that clicks with one peak are best for determining distance rather than velocity.
Research suggests that colour has a strong influence on what cat people choose.
Research suggests that consumers develop an impulse to buy CDs when listening to the radio.
Research suggests that consumers want a more personal and convenient viewing experience.
Research suggests that continued alcohol use can cause depression.
Research suggests that controlling stress can improve melatonin production.
Research suggests that culture is a gross variable for other elements of life.
Research suggests that deaf students arrive at the reading process at a deficit.
Research suggests that dehydration, due to drinking tea, coffee and alcohol, is a common problem.
Research suggests that depression often helps trigger the diabetes.
Research suggests that dynein needs help to move vesicles along the microtubule.
Research suggests that each incident of bad service is shared with ninety-seven other people.
Research suggests that eating foods rich in lycopene reduces the risk of certain cancers.
Research suggests that encouraging a child to explore is very important.
Research suggests that environmental scanning is linked with improved organizational performance.
Research suggests that even very young children are profoundly influenced by cigarette advertising.
Research suggests that every handset receives an average of three SMS messages a day.
Research suggests that everyone, to one degree or another, does.
Research suggests that exercise helps prevent breast cancer.
Research suggests that experiencing novelty is an important factor in both health and happiness.
Research suggests that experts and novices collect information using different strategies.
Research suggests that extracurricular activities can benefit all students.
Research suggests that fatty liver condition is more serious than previously believed.
Research suggests that female agg.
Research suggests that females are at a higher risk of developing lung cancer caused by smoking.
Research suggests that for cases which occur in women using tampons, tampon absorbency is a factor.
Research suggests that fortovase without the ritonavir has much less of an effect on blood fats.
Research suggests that franchised businesses have a lower failure rate than independent small firms.
Research suggests that garlic can also have a positive effect on reducing or curing the infection.
Research suggests that ginkgo lacks an effect on glaucoma.
Research suggests that glucosamine can help osteoarthritis.
Research suggests that glycine is also essential in budgerigars.
Research suggests that good performance relies on a fine balance between important attributes.
Research suggests that groups of less than ten are more cohesive, organized, and productive.
Research suggests that happy couples are good communicators.
Research suggests that high dietary fat is a prominent risk factor.
Research suggests that in many cases cognitive therapy is as effective as medications.
Research suggests that in such societies, maintaining basics such as food and shelter etc.
Research suggests that in women, the two spheres of their brains communicate better than do men's.
Research suggests that injecting guilt into trips does slow cars to a degree.
Research suggests that it has strong antiviral effects.
Research suggests that it is a useful indicator of fire potential.
Research suggests that it's harder for miserable people to quit smoking than for cheerful people.
Research suggests that it's possible to predict an accident ahead of time.
Research suggests that key traits affect brand and product-type preferences.
Research suggests that laughter increases the body's level of endorphins.
Research suggests that lower doses do lower risks for some conditions.
Research suggests that manatee molars are weak in enamel structure.
Research suggests that many bullies have tons of friends and self-confidence.
Research suggests that many cancer patients are reluctant to report their pain.
Research suggests that marked crosswalks give pedestrians a false sense of security.
Research suggests that minority children are at even greater risk of accidental childhood injury.
Research suggests that most accommodations are relatively inexpensive.
Research suggests that most people dream several times a night.
Research suggests that most TV viewers remember very little specifics but only get the basic theme.
Research suggests that movement in our peripheral vision can dominate our attention.
Research suggests that muscle imbalances begin during adolescence.
Research suggests that narrowing of the arteries in adults is linked to impaired foetal growth.
Research suggests that natural progesterone counteracts estrogen dominance.
Research suggests that nearly all adults are motivated to learn in some context.
Research suggests that neighborhoods with high mobility rates also tend to have high crime rates.
Research suggests that nicotine is linked to difficulty falling asleep and problems waking up.
Research suggests that older people can remain mentally sharp by exercising their brain.
Research suggests that one key is making sure the services are client-oriented.
Research suggests that one large illustration is more effective than several small ones.
Research suggests that one of the most effective theft deterrents is to treat employees well.
Research suggests that one out of five people who sample a product go on to buy it.
Research suggests that only about three out of ten family firms survive into the next generation.
Research suggests that other motivations exist as well.
Research suggests that over half settled in New York and Pennsylvania.
Research suggests that patients want to be involved in decision-making about their treatment.
Research suggests that people have only a few important beliefs about any one subject.
Research suggests that people tend to work out harder and longer when they use their favorite music.
Research suggests that people who exercise feel better about themselves.
Research suggests that people with acne have lower blood and skin levels of zinc.
Research suggests that persons with bulimia have a higher general level of anxiety than others.
Research suggests that phosphorus be cultivated into the soil before planting for best effect.
Research suggests that phytolacca is a potent immune enhancer that stimulates macrophage activity.
Research suggests that poverty is as widespread in rural Scotland as it is in urban areas.
Research suggests that psychosocial interventions can improve quality and length of life.
Research suggests that restitution and community service are associated with positive outcomes.
Research suggests that retention is on the rise.
Research suggests that satisfied volunteers frequently become donors of money and goods as well.
Research suggests that self-monitoring can be effective in improving behavior.
Research suggests that service-learning can enhance retention as well.
Research suggests that skin damage occurs many years before the development of skin cancer.
Research suggests that smaller class sizes do much to improve the learning experience of our kids.
Research suggests that social and psychological factors are strongly influential.
Research suggests that some people inherit a predisposition to gum disease.
Research suggests that soy foods help lower cholesterol.
Research suggests that sperm counts are dropping in some industrialised countries.
Research suggests that stress also can bring on or worsen certain symptoms or diseases.
Research suggests that struggling readers rely on word order to determine the sequence of events.
Research suggests that students judge courses along several different dimensions.
Research suggests that students who are encouraged to write become better readers.
Research suggests that students who talk to their instructors get better grades.
Research suggests that students with different learning styles benefit from multimedia products.
Research suggests that suicide often is the result of undiagnosed depression.
Research suggests that sulfur-using bacteria are a major source.
Research suggests that support is perceived only when parallel experiences are shared.
Research suggests that talcum powder used in feminine hygiene increases the risk of ovarian cancer.
Research suggests that teaching and learning with computers has tremendous potential for the future.
Research suggests that the agent differs significantly from viruses and other conventional agents.
Research suggests that the American public supports the use of software to police the Net.
Research suggests that the amount of notes a student takes correlates positively with achievement.
Research suggests that the arts have distinct educational benefits.
Research suggests that the bacteria that cause periodontal disease can pass through saliva.
Research suggests that the brain is a pattern detector rather than a rule applier.
Research suggests that the distinction is based on quantitative rather than qualitative differences.
Research suggests that the herb normalizes blood sugar and stimulates circulation.
Research suggests that the incidence of sexual violence in Australia is alarmingly high.
Research suggests that the key is in the asking process.
Research suggests that the lifestyle behaviors of college students increase their risk.
Research suggests that the most critical capital is social capital.
Research suggests that the primary cause for voter apathy is that politicians are boring.
Research suggests that the quality of the writing improves as well.
Research suggests that the success rate of young individuals with rapid growth is low.
Research suggests that the thiazides increase the calcium deposits in the bones.
Research suggests that there is a great deal of significance placed upon physical attractiveness.
Research suggests that there is a relationship between moral judgment and unsocialized behavior.
Research suggests that there is no one correct method of handling finances in stepfamilies.
Research suggests that they are both effective in promoting connective tissue health.
Research suggests that tolerance does occur with ecstasy.
Research suggests that toxemia of pregnancy results in low concentrations of estrogen.
Research suggests that two years is more realistic.
Research suggests that under ideal conditions, vaccine virus strains die out quickly.
Research suggests that vegetarians are also at decreased risk for breast cancer.
Research suggests that vegetarians suffer from fewer diseases.
Research suggests that violence escalates during the separation process.
Research suggests that vitamin D deficiency is more common than previously thought.
Research suggests that when it comes to vitamin C and cataract prevention, commitment is the key.
Research suggests that when saponins travel through, they stop the toxic material from forming.
Research suggests that when schools or parents put undue emphasis on grades, learning suffers.
Research suggests that work schedules can be improved in a number of ways.
Research suggests that zinc and B vitamins are essential for learning.
Research suggests that, when all taxes are considered, Canada already has a virtual flat tax.
Research suggests that's an appropriate goal.
Research suggests the best way to treat the infection is to use several medicines at the same time.
Research suggests the condition is sometimes genetically inherited.
Research suggests the difference in strength between the two lies in the muscle performance.
Research suggests the following proactive and teacher recommended strategies.
Research suggests the online radio audience is there and growing.
Research suggests the shots have long-term, perhaps even permanent, benefits.
Research suggests there is a connection between infrastructure and student achievement.
Research suggests there is an inverse relationship between leaf potassium and crop load.
Research suggests they can hear low pitch sounds well below the range of human hearing.
Research suggests well-developed narratives and characters are features that appeal to girls.
Research suggests why child welfare workers stay on the job.
Research suggests, too, that today's singles enter marriages unprepared.
Research supported by private voluntary health agencies adds to the growing pool of knowledge.
Research supporting the efficacy of direct instruction is provided.
Research supporting the efficacy of intrauterine antibiotics is minimal, yet the practice is common.
Research supports all cases.
Research supports an increase in the incidence of children who are at risk and have a disability.
Research supports and promotes the beneficial effect of music on behavior.
Research supports collaborative planning enhances both content and information skill instruction.
Research supports computer-assisted instruction in a classroom setting.
Research supports consuming soy as part of healthy diet.
Research supports education and innovation in healthy aging and in the care of elderly people.
Research supports health benefits and more consumers know it.
Research supports hormone driven behavior toward differences in sex and aggression.
Research supports innovation in forest management.
Research supports innovation through a series of channels.
Research supports intelligence, learning, and psychological advantages as well.
Research supports later rather than earlier entry for children for educational development.
Research supports our statistics.
Research supports parents' belief in the program's effectiveness and long-term benefits.
Research supports stability in school improvement efforts.
Research supports tailoring nicotine gum treatment.
Research supports that notion.
Research supports that very young children are the most frequent victims of child fatalities.
Research supports the association between the ability to refocus and athletic performance.
Research supports the beneficial effects of music on behavior.
Research supports the benefits of the residence hall experience for the first year student.
Research supports the correlation between high self- esteem and positive personality traits.
Research supports the existence of summer learning loss.
Research supports the fact that the independent agency system is both rewarding and profitable.
Research supports the healing effects of treating the psychological as well as the physical.
Research supports the idea that joy and play can be especially beneficial to creativity.
Research supports the idea that uniform dress redirects student attention from attire to academics.
Research supports the necessity of staff development for effective use of technology.
Research supports the notion of union-management collaboration for school reform.
Research supports the program as well.
Research supports the recommendation that child athletes avoid early sports specialization.
Research supports the significance of the problem in the medical education setting.
Research supports the theory that students of all ages learn in different ways.
Research supports the theory that the anti-drug media campaign is ineffective.
Research supports the use of developmental continua.
Research supports the use of distributed rather than massed practice.
Research supports the value of diversity in the success rates of minority students.
Research supports the value of group therapy for breast cancer patients.
Research supports the view that parent and child literacy interaction is becoming successful.
Research supports the vital role of love in parent-child relationships.
Research supports their theory.
Research supports their use and validity.
Research Take one of the following links to the social studies page for that subject area.
Research takes an integrated approach to seeking solutions for urban environmental problems.
Research takes days, weeks or even months.
Research takes effort thatsometimes seems repetitious.
Research takes far more time than most students realize.
Research takes patience, perseverance, and time.
Research takes place along the northern Gulf Coast of Louisiana during spring migration.
Research takes place at all levels.
Research takes place at several worksites throughout Orange County, California.
Research takes place coast to coast from Maryland to Florida to the Gulf of Mexico to California.
Research takes place from Alaska to Antarctica, Illinois to the Indian Ocean, Yucatan to Utah.
Research takes place in a variety of locations.
Research takes place in dedicated on-site research laboratories and affiliated clinical sites.
Research takes place in many different contexts.
Research takes place in the field, experimental gardens, greenhouses, and the laboratory.
Research takes place in the greenhouse, field and laboratory.
Research takes planning.
Research takes practice.
Research takes priority .
Research takes priority over any other uses.
Research takes time and a lot of money.
Research takes time and hard work which undergraduates find out in a research lab.
Research takes time and patience.
Research takes time and requires patience.
Research takes time, and the reefs are running out of time.
Research takes time.
Research teaches critical thinking and fosters intellectual growth and maturity.
Research teaches critical thinking.
Research teaches that there is no easy answer.
Research techniques that successful practitioners use are also covered.
Research tends to be conducted very privately, far away from the public eye.
Research tends to be from the perspective of the participants rather the researcher.
Research tends to differentiate between two types of cloning.
Research tends to focus on senior population and it's already too late.
Research tends to show that successful students study with other students.
Research testing similar interventions is now ongoing involving children through adolescence.
Research themes Statistical modelling from a maximum entropy principle.
Research themes Visual formalism.
Research then brings light to the subject.
Research then takes place in the records.
Research there are now investor rather than management buy-outs.
Research thus ranges from gene therapy and bone marrow transplantation to bioremediation.
Research too is top priority.
Research traditionally involves the generation of hypotheses or the empirical testing of hypotheses.
Research trends around the league.
Research trends very carefully to determine whether the passing fad has the potential to stay.
Research turns out scientists.
Research typically includes both informal and formal components.
Research uncovers no new skills.
Research underscores the fear and anxiety that's out there.
Research undertaken is of a theoretical, empirical and applied nature.
Research unequivocally shows peer instruction works.
Research uniformly shows that about as many women hit men as men hit women.
Research updates detaling the impact of recent science developments.
Research updates The council boarded vans to view research at two sites around the university.
Research uses both quantitative and qualitative approaches.
Research uses forecasting, predictive and analytical methods to create cutting-edge solutions.
Research uses of closed out landfills.
Research uses recombinant DNA methodology to study human disease.
Research uses technology that accomodates the maximum possible number of Internet users.
Research uses the scientific method.
Research using a case control design is the most common use of an odds ratio.
Research using astronomical data archives can thus be very broadly based.
Research using disease systems as a model to understand fundamental biology are acceptable.
Research using human fetal stem cells is unavoidably necessary.
Research using library bird books helps to determine which bird, beak, and food goes together.
Research using medical records is very important to medical science and medical care.
Research using nam Researchers use nam in their research .
Research using new pharmacologic agents is anticipated to occur in the near future.
Research using primary sources and rare documents is highly rewarding.
Research using surveys, in contrast, is more likely to permit such exploration.
Research using the Internet can be difficult, with many searches taking on a life of their own.
Research using the Internet is introduced.
Research utilizes the most recent techniques backed by modern computer and library facilities.
Research utilizing established or emerging research methodologies is welcome.
Research utilizing undergraduate students is encouraged.
Research varies enormously in the quality of the studies performed.
Research varies for each story.
Research varies from the simple to the complex.
Research vendors financial health through business reference sources.
Research weighs in to support the proposition.
Research Welcomes to our semantic translation project page.
Research works from various cultures that are built around rhythmic ostinatos.
Research worldwide suggests that there is a steady process of mental development through childhood.
Research worms from around the world.
Research yields some clues into the nature of alcoholism.
Researches agree that five is near the average number of individuals per colony.
Researches archival documents in public and private libraries and archival repositories.
Researches are in progress add more conversion rate to it.
Researches believe that olive oil was neutral with respect to effects of serum cholesterol.
Researches build brave new nano world.
Researches go into the environment and observe and interview people operating in it.
Researches grant opportunities and prepares grant proposals.
Researches grant related questions for the department.
Researches have to tend to focus on diagnosis and treatment, rather than theory.
Researches identify mutations in the insulin gene that cause rare forms of diabetes.
Researches indicate a significant degree of immaturity among priests and religious.
Researches now believe that the earlier children begin to learn a language, the more they retain.
Researches point out that people's meat diets have contributed to the destruction of rain forests.
Researches prefer reflecting telescopes for many reasons.
Researches say that by practising organic farming many harmful situations can be avoided.
Researches say that each vegetarian saves one acre of trees every year .
Researches show that coconut water have cytokinins which are beneficial for anti aging-effects.
Research always begins by reviewing prior work and related work.
Research always builds on previous knowledge.
Research always emanates from the needs of a place.
Research always takes much, much longer than it seems it ought to.
Research frequently involves collaborations with other basic science departments.
Research often brings surprises.
Research often calls for diverse experimental designs, and a wide variety of statistical tools.
Research often conjures up images of lab rats, white coats and boring discussion of statistics.
Research often focuses on the process of resolving conflicts between different agents.
Research often forms the basis for securing practice development.
Research often involves controlled tests on people to check for safety and efficacy.
Research often involves measurements, calculations and record-keeping with charts and graphs.
Research often predates commercial applications by many years.
Research often provides direction, stability and reality to a plan.
Research often raises more questions than it answers.
Research often starts out with a scientific model.
Research sometimes needs to occur away from base.
Research sometimes provides subject matter for credit courses.
Research usually begins with a subject search in the Library Catalog.
Research usually begins with a subject search in the Online catalog .
Research usually begins with a subject search in the Online Catalog .
Research usually begins with an analysis of the problem and a survey of published sources.
Research usually divides the principal problem into more manageable subproblems.
Research usually divides the principal problem into more manageable sub-problems.
Research usually involve a mixture of field and laboratory studies .
Research usually involve a mixture of field and laboratory studies.
All research begins by defining the goals of the study.
All research begins with a question.
All research begins with an hypothesis and research into multiple sclerosis is no exception.
All research builds on what has gone before.
All research carries ethical responsibility.
All research conducted is in response to the needs of their customers.
All research deals with practical topics.
All research directly addresses the preservation of the health and safety of soldiers.
All research does.
All research done in the department directly applies to the dissertation or thesis.
All research has an historical and theoretical foundation, as well as having a solid practical base.
All research has an impact, but some researchers see the results of their work almost immediately.
All research has Chickasaw preference.
All research has returned similar results - the method is effective.
All research indicates that it received a widely advertised gala premier.
All research indicates that most users never go beyond the top screen.
All research indicates that pollen extracts help maintain a healthy prostate.
All research involves pain and distress.
All research involves risk.
All research involves some risk, but every effort is made to minimize risk.
All research involving human subjects falls into one of three categories.
All research involving human subjects is conducted in accordance with federal regulations.
All research is available electronically as well as in paper form.
All research is based on making observations.
All research is based on the biases and assump- tions of the researcher.
All research is biased.
All research is carried out by undergraduate students.
All research is carried out by volunteers.
All research is carried out in close cooperation with regional commercial and public working life.
All research is carried out using mouse models.
All research is chemical.
All research is completed under the supervision of a faculty member.
All research is conducted by specialists in their field.
All research is conducted by university researchers in their fields of expertise.
All research is conducted for a fee based upon an hourly rate plus expenses.
All research is conducted from small boats inside the atoll.
All research is conducted on commission and is financed by our clients.
All research is conducted under controlled conditions.
All research is conducted under the guidance of a scientific supervisor.
All research is conducted with a strict regard for the comfort and well being of our patients.
All research is conducted with the comfort and well being of our patients foremost in mind.
All research is confidential.
All research is covered, including questionnaires and observation.
All research is designed to assure the rights of subjects to confidentiality and informed consent.
All research is designed to produce and maintain sound, athletic horses.
All research is directed toward the study of the representative function in the marketplace.
All research is done by a member of the bar.
All research is done by scientists from North Carolina State University .
All research is done by small, faculty-directed groups.
All research is done in the host country.
All research is done on-site, with assistance provided by the department staff.
All research is done to improve our ability to care for such individuals.
All research is expensive.
All research is for Czech Republic only.
All research is funded by public budgets.
All research is funded from one source or another.
All research is gathered in-house to ensure the highest level of quality.
All research is good research.
All research is guided by the resources at hand.
All research is important.
All research is political.
All research is provided by third party analysts.
All research is public.
All research is published in peer-reviewed scientific journals.
All research is somewhat speculative.
All research is substantive, requiring full-time commitment of the student.
All research is substantive, requiring the full-time commitment of the student.
All research is supported by original source documents or published works.
All research is tailored to individual needs.
All research is to be completed by the investors.
All research projects large and small are welcome.
All research remains subject to ethics committee approval.
All research requires a deposit to start work.
All research requires resources.
All research shows that employee training is a great investment of company or agency money.
All research shows that people who work with women like their open, consensual approach.
All research shows the cost effectiveness of careful personal management of diabetes.
All research starts out as a burning question that someone wants to find an answer to.
All research stems from and is fed back to local communities.
All research takes place under very strict ethical guidelines.
Any research has to begin with a question.
Any research is only as good as the data upon which it is based.
Many researches are als o in progress under worldwide collaboration.
Many researches go awry because of misspellings.
More research appears indicated.
More research certainly needs to be done to establish a cause and effect relationship.
More research continues to be conducted, especially on the buying behavior of Internet users.
More research continues to be done, and more needs to be done.
More research dedicated to the future development of nematode resistant cultivars is needed.
More research definitely needs to be done.
More research equals more knowledge equals better health.
More research examining seed longevity and potential for seed bank formation is needed.
More research has to be conducted in order to explore the effects of employment on learning.
More research has to be done with more people getting involved.
More research has to be done.
More research is advisable.
More research is conducted on songbirds that on any other avian group except for chickens.
More research is currently underway on the protective effects of sunscreens on different skin types.
More research is desperately needed, the report concludes.
More research is done every year to help combat women s health issues, but much is left to be done.
More research is in order and is being funded mainly through anti-AIDS funding.
More research is in progress, but our lack of understanding about the disease slows the process.
More research is in progress.
More research is likely.
More research is necessary in order to identify optimal project designs.
More research is necessary to assess long-term outcomes.
More research is necessary to determine whether improved spelling is a result of the intervention.
More research is necessary to ensure informed treatment decisions.
More research is necessary to exhume further examples of medieval liturgical drama.
More research is necessary to fully assess the therapeutic potential of echinacea.
More research is necessary to increase our knowledge of private transfer patterns and behavior.
More research is necessary to investigate the effects of weekly supplementation in pregnant women.
More research is necessary to understand the dynamics at work here.
More research is necessary to understand the factors influencing minority specialty choice.
More research is necessary, in an open atmosphere.
More research is necessary, the authors say, to clarify the impact with any precision.
More research is necessary.
More research is needed about the emergence and functioning of such organizations.
More research is needed among women from different racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic backgrounds.
More research is needed and some is being undertaken.
More research is needed and the effort is continuing.
More research is needed before a comprehensive list can be produced.
More research is needed before a final verdict can be issued.
More research is needed before any causative role can be proved.
More research is needed before anything definitive can be said.
More research is needed before claims of efficacy against cancer can be made.
More research is needed before either proposal is adopted.
More research is needed before heparin can be uniformly eliminated from all TPN regimens.
More research is needed before it can be adopted.
More research is needed before it can be made available commercially. .
More research is needed before magma becomes a viable energy source.
More research is needed before recommendations can be made.
More research is needed before reliable predictions can be made of effects on marine biodiversity.
More research is needed before specific recommendations can be made.
More research is needed before the practice can be tried by hatcheries.
More research is needed but initial trials have been positive.
More research is needed for credible answers.
More research is needed for development of an early warning system for degradation.
More research is needed for earlier issues, since there are some gaps.
More research is needed for locations with complex mixtures of contaminants.
More research is needed for many unanswered questions.
More research is needed for the causes of mental disability and what can be done.
More research is needed here as well.
More research is needed here.
More research is needed in order to develop specific management strategies.
More research is needed in primary sources to determine the correct year of immigration.
More research is needed in terms of a classification based on ecological groups.
More research is needed in the nuclear area as well.
More research is needed into alternate chemotherapeutic agents.
More research is needed into hair growth rates and possible fractionation.
More research is needed into methods of adjusting counts.
More research is needed into the adverse effects of excessive flavonoid intake.
More research is needed on atmospheric physics and on modeling and atmosphere-ocean system.
More research is needed on both the educational and developmental effects of technology.
More research is needed on changing the ration to control odors.
More research is needed on children and youth at risk.
More research is needed on developing varieties of apples that are resistant to replant disease.
More research is needed on how patients at risk for stroke are referred to specialists.
More research is needed on interventions to maintain abstinence post-delivery.
More research is needed on long-term secondary effects of fire on musk thistle.
More research is needed on mentoring non-tenured faculty.
More research is needed on microbial inactivation.
More research is needed on minority violence experiences.
More research is needed on natural food components.
More research is needed on pap smear screening in older women.
More research is needed on relevant temporal and spatial scales.
More research is needed on the antiviral properties of dishwashing soap.
More research is needed on the best way to use echinacea to fight disease.
More research is needed on the capacity of vegetative plants to persist in marginal habitats.
More research is needed on the causes and ways to prevent childhood cancers.
More research is needed on the connection between health insurance and school performance.
More research is needed on the effect of immune system suppression on fresh cow performance.
More research is needed on the effectiveness of control efforts and restoration.
More research is needed on the effects of cocaine use on the fetus.
More research is needed on the effects of viral infections on sleep.
More research is needed on the fire ecology of privets in North America.
More research is needed on the health effects of khat use.
More research is needed on the health risks of EMFs.
More research is needed on the hidden needs of women and the hidden resources that women represent.
More research is needed on the interaction of herbal and conventional drugs.
More research is needed on the issue of affordability.
More research is needed on the nutritional effects of such schemes, especially on the last group.
More research is needed on the pathogenesis of arterial disease in women of reproductive age.
More research is needed on the relationship of cocaine use to miscarriage and premature labor.
More research is needed on the subtle links between nearshore habitats and offshore fisheries.
More research is needed on the ways in which adolescents learn to communicate about sex.
More research is needed on their relation to medical benefits.
More research is needed on their role.
More research is needed on thrips management programs and other aspects of insect pest management.
More research is needed on trained subjects.
More research is needed on vertebral or spinal factures, as opposed to hip fracture.
More research is needed on what is occurring in classrooms that focus on civic-related subjects.
More research is needed regarding adaptations of bull thistle to fire.
More research is needed regarding hormonal therapy resistance.
More research is needed regarding the effects of grazing on the winter forage quality of elk sedge.
More research is needed that documents the effects of fire on privet and subsequent plant responses.
More research is needed that looks at residents' social ties and uses mixed-methods approaches.
More research is needed The study has drawn cautionary comments from educators.
More research is needed though to be sure.
More research is needed though.
More research is needed to allow for better health care for transgender people.
More research is needed to ascertain the potential harm caused by pipe smoking.
More research is needed to assess ecological consequences of current and future pollinator declines.
More research is needed to be done.
More research is needed to be sure.
More research is needed to better understand the effect of diet on breast cancer risk.
More research is needed to characterize damage and potential impact on yield.
More research is needed to claim effectiveness.
More research is needed to clarify some of the relationships.
More research is needed to clarify the mystery.
More research is needed to come up with a good solution.
More research is needed to confirm the degree of female participation in mortgage lending.
More research is needed to confirm the finding.
More research is needed to confirm the findings.
More research is needed to demonstrate the usefulness of such books.
More research is needed to determine causes and strategies for prevention.
More research is needed to determine causes and to plan strategies of prevention.
More research is needed to determine grapevine varieties and rootstocks tolerant to gypsum.
More research is needed to determine if and how vitamin E supports the wound healing process.
More research is needed to determine if biology is a factor in conduct disorder.
More research is needed to determine if drinking after a heart attack influences survival.
More research is needed to determine if pediatric inpatient resources are optimally distributed.
More research is needed to determine if squirrels get dizzy from prolonged spinning around.
More research is needed to determine if supplements are as effective as the food source.
More research is needed to determine if Vitamin E is responsible.
More research is needed to determine key environmental features.
More research is needed to determine rates of change and levels of variation.
More research is needed to determine that.
More research is needed to determine the cause and to provide better treatment options.
More research is needed to determine the commercial potential of the new adhesive.
More research is needed to determine the effects of varietal differences.
More research is needed to determine the etiology of post-circumcision cancer.
More research is needed to determine the exact link between vitamin E and memory.
More research is needed to determine the exact mechanism for sound reception in baleen whales.
More research is needed to determine the immediate effects of fire on bull thistle plants and seeds.
More research is needed to determine the length of the effects of the therapy.
More research is needed to determine the most effective and efficient methodologies.
More research is needed to determine the overall impact of trans fats on heart disease risk.
More research is needed to determine the tolerance of potatoes to gypsum.
More research is needed to determine what role they play in the ecosystem.
More research is needed to determine whether gender-related differences occur.
More research is needed to determine whether piroxicam specifically increases lithium blood levels.
More research is needed to determine whether reducing hostility can help prevent heart disease.
More research is needed to determine whether there is any benefit for athletes who do drink well.
More research is needed to determine which drug is most effective and has the fewest side effects.
More research is needed to determine which safety expenditures produce the best results.
More research is needed to determine with certainty if and how folate protects the heart.
More research is needed to determines black tea's role in human health.
More research is needed to develop potting mixes with reliable antagonistic properties.
More research is needed to discover the most effective strategies for their use.
More research is needed to distinguish psychogenic effects from bioeffects of organic origin.
More research is needed to distinguish self-initiated separation from parents from involuntary ones.
More research is needed to elucidate causes and identify better therapy for orthostatic intolerance.
More research is needed to enable clear comparisons with well established high-input methods.
More research is needed to establish if they are indeed from the same body.
More research is needed to evaluate the most appropriate situations for the use of yeast cultures.
More research is needed to examine the eyes.
More research is needed to examine the impact of homelessness on services and costs.
More research is needed to explain variations in risk tolerance.
More research is needed to explore long-term effects and optimum safe dosage.
More research is needed to explore the effects of vertical integration in the health care sector.
More research is needed to explore the interactions between ephedra and amphetamines.
More research is needed to explore the long-term effects and optimum safe dosage of the extract.
More research is needed to expose the role of genetics in carbon sequestration.
More research is needed to figure out exactly what's going on.
More research is needed to find options.
More research is needed to find out if it's too fast.
More research is needed to find out what pollutants actively attack native fish.
More research is needed to find out what preventable exposures increase breast cancer risk.
More research is needed to firmly establish the mechanisms of action of the various phytochemicals.
More research is needed to fully determine the importance of phytochemicals to good health.
More research is needed to fully understand all aspects of horned lizard ecology.
More research is needed to fully understand the effects of carnitine on cardiovascular health.
More research is needed to fully understand the link between obesity and liver disease.
More research is needed to further define the relationship between aspirin and gastric cancer.
More research is needed to get an even a clearer picture of how the mind works.
More research is needed to give a complete picture of the pros and cons of conservation tillage.
More research is needed to help accurately define guidelines for statin therapy.
More research is needed to help bring the costs down, and to make broad deployment cost effective.
More research is needed to identify possible side effects.
More research is needed to identify the best pillows for asthmatics.
More research is needed to identify the true impacts of early embryonic losses.
More research is needed to improve the specificity of the target.
More research is needed to investigate and explain the results.
More research is needed to know to what degree herbivory is a factor.
More research is needed to know whether the same applies to humans.
More research is needed to learn if it is safe and effective for humans.
More research is needed to more clearly define the rational use of morphine in nursing homes.
More research is needed to nail down the date for sure.
More research is needed to obtain better ecological information about the species.
More research is needed to perfect each method.
More research is needed to pin down the precise relationships between the organism and bronze wilt.
More research is needed to prove or disprove the theory.
More research is needed to see how personality traits and video game exposure interact.
More research is needed to see if the skill level of the performer is important.
More research is needed to see the kind of roll the plant actually plays.
More research is needed to show that the treatment is indeed effective.
More research is needed to study the effects of the newer pills on the risk of breast cancer.
More research is needed to truly understand the mechanisms of migraine headache.
More research is needed to understand both the cause and the impact of global warming.
More research is needed to understand how beer works in the body and how it can be helpful.
More research is needed to understand how female chimpanzees achieve high rank.
More research is needed to understand the dynamics of policy and organizational reforms.
More research is needed to understand the factors that lead to relapse after weight loss.
More research is needed to understand the long-term risks of using the anthrax vaccine.
More research is needed to understand the real benefit of amifostine .
More research is needed to understand the relationship between child care and economic development.
More research is needed to understand the role of genetic defects.
More research is needed to understand the scope of the problem.
More research is needed to understand the underlying mechanism.
More research is needed to understand their effect on human health.
More research is needed to understand what is occurring.
More research is needed to understand what makes 'dance drugs' dangerous for some individuals.
More research is needed to unravel the complex pathways that signal pain.
More research is needed which looks at the links between stress, finances and student mental health.
More research is needed with the aim of developing improved therapies.
More research is needed with the other covert methods.
More research is needed without so many lifestyle changes in all the participants at once.
More research is needed, agree the physician who conducted the small study and an outside observer.
More research is needed, as well as confirmation of the current research, experts say.
More research is needed, but, in either case, the program is saving the lives of teen-agers.
More research is needed, however, before firm recommendations can be made.
More research is needed, however, to answer additional questions.
More research is needed, however.
More research is needed, particularly regarding long-term effects of parent education.
More research is needed, say the scientists.
More research is needed, though that is gradually being accomplished.
More research is needed, to be sure.
More research is needed, to clarify the problem and to suggest solutions.
More research is needed.
MORE research is needed.
More research is planned to develop a similar appetite suppressing drug for humans.
More research is planned to develop a similar appetite-suppressing drug for humans.
More research is planned.
More research is recommended in the areas of sexism, racism, and disability issues.
More research is recommended.
More research is reportedly under way to isolate the organism.
More research is required before certain cultivars can be recommended in preference to others.
More research is required before claims about teen court effectiveness can be substantiated.
More research is required here.
More research is required if management is to be instituted.
More research is required in technology transfer and innovation for SMEs.
More research is required in the way technologies and skills are developed.
More research is required into the causes of disease and the ways to prevent and cure it.
More research is required on mechanisms to control A. triangulatus or prevent spread.
More research is required on the scale and impact of degradation on all types of forests. . . .
More research is required to answer the question.
More research is required to define the functions of the other forms of the leptin receptor.
More research is required to determine how far pythons can survive outside of south Florida.
More research is required to develop the concept of ground as an absorber of transients.
More research is required to establish the effectiveness of drugs.
More research is required to fully understand the processes that occur in the microbial loop.
More research is required to further elucidate the effect of pen surface on performance of cattle.
More research is required to settle the debate.
More research is required to sort out the findings.
More research is required, however.
More research is required.
More research is still necessary.
More research is still under way.
More research is the most likely.
More research is under way to determine if there are other carcinogenic elements in the nuts.
More research is under way to see if other drugs can lower the transmission rate even further.
More research is under way.
More research is underway on how currents circulate in Pegasus Bay.
More research is underway.
More research is vital.
More research is warranted.
More research is what is called strategically directed research.
More research means more prestige which means more donation from alumni.
More research needs to be carried out on all injuries in football players.
More research needs to be completed before a definitive answer can be found.
More research needs to be conducted before specific recommendations can be made.
More research needs to be conducted involving women, middle-aged men, the elderly and children.
More research needs to be conducted on methods to prevent introductions of unwanted species.
More research needs to be conducted on various forms of crucifixion in antiquity, inshallah .
More research needs to be conducted on various forms of crucifixion in antiquity, inshallah.
More research needs to be conducted.
More research needs to be done about the use of the female condoms in anal intercourse.
More research needs to be done and more factors investigated.
More research needs to be done before definite conclusions are reached.
More research needs to be done before recommendations are made.
More research needs to be done before recommendations can be made.
More research needs to be done before supporting other claims.
More research needs to be done here too.
More research needs to be done here, though.
More research needs to be done into possible side-effects.
More research needs to be done of course.
More research needs to be done on administrative mechanisms.
More research needs to be done on community policing and drug enforcement.
More research needs to be done on dynamics of steady state determinants.
More research needs to be done on herbal weight loss products.
More research needs to be done on how students relate to the messages in the margin.
More research needs to be done on many supplements.
More research needs to be done on task models.
More research needs to be done on the development and marketing of cassava-based starches .
More research needs to be done on the dynamics of burden.
More research needs to be done on the physiological causes of the fluctuations.
More research needs to be done on the production.
More research needs to be done on the reasons for the program's limited reach.
More research needs to be done on the role of psychotherapy in continuation and maintenance therapy.
More research needs to be done on what happens when experts move out of their familiar domains.
More research needs to be done on women and smoking.
More research needs to be done on women's risks and prevention needs.
More research needs to be done regarding detection, diagnosis, and treatment, however.
More research needs to be done to be certain.
More research needs to be done to confirm laboratory findings.
More research needs to be done to determine how the switch stays on.
More research needs to be done to determine the effects on the brain, bladder, and vaginal tissue.
More research needs to be done to determine the mechanism.
More research needs to be done to establish the connection.
More research needs to be done to evaluate and improve the geocoding process.
More research needs to be done to find out what the difficulties are precisely.
More research needs to be done to resolve the unknown people.
More research needs to be done to understand the web audience.
More research needs to be done using applied research.
More research needs to be done with that population.
More research needs to be done, but it does point to possible benefits from wheatgrass.
More research needs to be done, however.
More research needs to be done.
More research needs to be funded to improve prevention and treatment programs.
More research needs to be undertaken.
More research needs to look at some of the negative aspects of giving and receiving support on-line.
More research remains to be done on safe drinking during pregnancy.
More research remains to be done.
More Research shows boy twin likely to be heavier at birth if other twin is female.
More research still needs to be done, but certainly the initial research is encouraging.
Most research are devoted to basic understanding of the social bugs.
Most research based reasons are acceptable.
Most research begins with a simple question.
Most research begins with a subject search.
Most research begins with the teen years.
Most research conducted on reproductive contraceptives is for women.
Most research confirms that without question.
Most research covers the range from population biology to the taxonomic levels of genus and family.
Most research discusses the effects the information has on students.
Most research done by societies therefore involves a lot of personal effort.
Most research done in English is exempt from the policy.
Most research finds that physical punishment leads to increased aggressive behavior.
Most research finds that the minimum wage has reduced employment among young people.
Most research focuses on the cost of the clinical procedures themselves.
Most research focuses on wealth creation.
Most research follows the full review and approval process.
Most research goes around in circles.
Most research goes to looking for the right pill for a specific disease.
Most research has a field component, often in conjunction with laboratory work.
Most research indicates it takes at least two years to establish a new habit or overcome an old one.
Most research indicates no.
Most research indicates that social support is often the more important mentoring dimension.
Most research involves quantitative analysis.
Most research involving rest is done in the field of sleep studies.
Most research is approached through subject searching.
Most research is based on either correlational data or experiments.
Most research is based on laboratory and field experimentation.
Most research is based on simple statistics.
Most research is carried out by post-docs and PhD students, supported by faculty.
Most research is completed within three to five days.
Most research is conducted in pairs or small groups.
Most research is directly related to clinical practice.
Most research is directly related to gas and steam turbines.
Most research is done during the time between legislative sessions.
Most research is focused on institutional or instructional improvement.
Most research is focused on repairing damage once it has occurred.
Most research is focused on terrestrial systems.
Most research is focused on the intermediate and high levels of abstraction.
Most research is funded totally by either a grant or the institution conducting the research.
Most research is high in theory and low in relevance.
Most research is multidisciplinary , providing broadening experience.
Most research is one-way.
Most research is performed at night or in a closed structure to minimize interference from sunlight.
Most research looks for an humoral response or for a CMI response.
Most research now takes place outside universities.
Most research relies on existing measures of student achievement.
Most research reports that violence against women escalates during pregnancy.
Most research requires signed written consent.
Most research says technology is still ahead of user interest.
Most research says there is a positive effect on attitudes.
Most research seems to be in the area of testosterone and serotonin levels.
Most research shows no benefit to treating lambs for tapeworms.
Most research shows that older persons have no more death anxiety than young persons, by the way.
Most research shows that parents are the number one influence in their child's life.
Most research shows that there is a decrease of memory with age.
Most research shows that treatment is effective, depending upon the type of offender.
Most research suggests relationships benefit when negative emotions are expressed helpfully.
Most research suggests that suicidal behavior is complex.
Most research tries to estimate the relative importance of the first two.
Most research uses a combination of primary and secondary sources.
Most research uses thousands of samples to produce a result.
Most researches prefer to represent the model of the process under discussion as a program unit.
Much research awaits to be done.
Much research backs up that assertion.
Much research based on simulation techniques has yet to be done.
Much research continues to be focused on the role of inherited gene defects.
Much research emphasizes development of thin, broadband antennas with customizable performance.
Much research goes into highlighting the women and their unique stories.
Much research indicates that pornograpny is both seductive and addictive.
Much research involves widows or parents of teens.
Much research is carried out into thin amorphous films as a gas separating membrane layer.
Much research is carried out on modelling fluid flows in fume cupboards.
Much research is conducted after hours.
Much research is conducted aiming at improvements of the methods for special classes of input.
Much research is conducted in the area of biomining.
Much research is cooperative and interdisciplinary.
Much research is done at the facility.
Much research is done during the period between sessions called the interim.
Much research is done to ensure that they are historically accurate.
Much research is focused on developing therapies that target various steps in the immune response.
Much research is involved after the initial concept of the sculpture.
Much research is just plain trivial.
Much research is just that, re-search.
Much research is needed before a topic can be defined and studied through laboratory study.
Much research is needed however, before it can be used to treat leukemia.
Much research is needed now to determine how to better harness the power of the network.
Much research is needed to clarify issues.
Much research is needed to determine the vitamin E content of plants other than the usual foods.
Much research is needed to determine which dispositions merit attention.
MUCH research is needed to establish a diagnostic category as reliable and valid.
Much research is needed to get better at doing chemical reactions.
Much research is needed to resolve questions about the presence of some marine mammals.
Much research is needed.
Much research is ongoing in an attempt to find a useful artificial blood.
Much research is ongoing to quantify the effects of roads for various species.
Much research is required to fully establish the causes of autism.
Much research is still necessary to clarify what a healthy diet is.
Much research is too academic, with inadequate concern for the intended end-users.
Much research is undertaken by the Dutch collegues.
Much research is underway to determine the answers.
Much research is underway to develop such tests.
Much research is underway to discover the cause and a cure.
Much research is underway to enable trouble free set up an operation.
Much research needs to be done before that day comes, if ever.
Much research needs to be done here.
Much research needs to be done, and is being done at ICR and elsewhere.
Much research needs to be done.
Much research needs to be performed on the systematic analysis of risk adjusted outcomes.
Much research relies on epidemiology, the study of disease in actual human populations.
Much research remains to be completed to develop better slug management options.
Much research remains to be done on apios culture and utilization.
Much research remains to be done on the ketogenic diet.
Much research remains to be done on the remaining wild populations.
Much research remains to be done on the use of cloze procedure for instructional purposes.
Much research remains to be done to find methods of preventing and curing the disease.
Much research remains to be done.
Much research reports that violence against women escalates during pregnancy.
Much research revolves around recorded events and documentation.
Much research shows high-fiber foods keep blood pressure down.
Much research shows that fallowing is a wise option in preparation for planting the next wheat crop.
Much research shows that federal special education classifications are scientifically unreliable.
Much research shows that pet therapy has many benefits.
Much research still is needed to determine the links between charcoal-broiled foods and cancer.
Much research still needs to be done in order to determine the implications of online gaming.
Much research still remains to be done.
Much research supports the permanent store hypothesis.
Much research there focuses on developing the use of grain to produce industrial chemicals.
Some research addresses the more acute effects that smoking has on performance.
Some research already is under way.
Some research also indicates that papain helps prevent ulcers.
Some research also shows that the stable order of options in menus is important for novices.
Some research also shows, that best population size depends on encoding, on size of encoded string .
Some research also suggests that it puts women at risk for cervical cancer.
Some research also takes place in the four classrooms.
Some research appears to show exposure to dioxins can cause lowering sperm counts.
Some research builds on earlier research to control dust as a health hazard.
Some research consciously reviews significant past research to provide a useful summary.
Some research cuts across areas and falls under more than one specialty.
Some research demonstrates that a compound in saw palmetto has aphrodisiac effects.
Some research demonstrates that soy helps prevent breast cancer but mainly in premenopausal women.
Some research describes no change in cover or frequency in sheep sorrel after fire.
Some research does point to the benefits of the extra sleep as well.
Some research even substantiates a direct anti-oxidant effect of estrogen.
Some research even suggests that calcium plays a role in decreasing weed populations.
Some research examines animals as they relate with one another, as well.
Some research focuses on the organisms themselves.
Some research has applications in industry.
Some research hints that a virus is the culprit.
Some research hints that a virus or infectious agent is the culprit.
Some research hints that severe neglect is as much of a risk factor as physical abuse.
Some research identifies an herb only by vernacular pinyin or English name.
Some research includes both.
Some research indicates a slight advantage in average daily gain for non-creep fed calves.
Some research indicates decreased emotional well-being at five years after transplant.
Some research indicates it prefers higher-pH soils.
Some research indicates it strengthens the immune system.
Some research indicates that adoptions involving children with special needs are more problematic.
Some research indicates that children develop more complex and prolonged play in mixed-age groups.
Some research indicates that children's skin is even more sensitive to sun damage that adults.
Some research indicates that fall baiting is more effective than spring baiting.
Some research indicates that fathers interact more with their children through play.
Some research indicates that informal networks are more important than formal ones.
Some research indicates that insomnia can have a genetic component.
Some research indicates that oil can remain in sediments for hundreds of years.
Some research indicates that overweight girls have a tendency to reach puberty earlier.
Some research indicates that the breakage rate increases dramatically after seven years.
Some research indicates that the outcomes are about the same but further study is needed.
Some research indicates that tree removal poses a more serious risk.
Some research indicates that vented shelters show the same diameter growth as unsheltered seedlings.
Some research indicates that wound dressings actually promote decay in certain situations.
Some research indicates the effects of the program disappear by the time students reach college.
Some research indicates to raise metabolic rates, calorie burning and speeds up fat oxidation.
Some research involves just a pencil and paper.
Some research involves neither risks nor discomforts, but rather violations of normal expectations.
Some research is administered by directors of centers and institutes.
Some research is available for download.
Some research is carried out in response to a specific brief developed by provider agencies.
Some research is conducted in catalyst and urethanes.
Some research is done outside, underground, in space, or underwater.
Some research is done to look at it in an object oriented way.
Some research is evident based on notebook and notations in article.
Some research is focused and can lead to valuable short-term answers.
Some research is focused on lead and copper rule compliance.
Some research is focused on the relationship between the weather and human health.
Some research is important AND amusing.
Some research is in progress toward preserving corneas, but with only limited success thus far.
Some research is made in accompaniment of the authorization of plant protection products.
Some research is more difficult and is charged at a higher rate.
Some research is necessary to answer some unclear questions as referred by the paper.
Some research is necessary to enable other research to progress.
Some research is needed on advertising and non-profit revenue streams.
Some research is obvious, but details are lacking.
Some research is ongoing.
Some research is required.
Some research is science.
Some research is underway, but useful results are slow in coming.
Some research links physical and chemical changes in the brain to violence.
Some research needs to be done into cost models for the different approaches to migration.
Some research proves that belief wrong, yet other statistics can argue the exact opposite.
Some research receives funding.
Some research reports potential dangers to the throat and lungs from smoking cannabis.
Some research requires normal tissue.
Some research requires the collection of data on a continuing basis.
Some research says yes, but the jury is still out.
Some research says yes.
Some research shows contact with nature can help reduce stress.
Some research shows England, Belgium, and Italy.
Some research shows higher calcium intake protects against atherosclerosis in humans and in animals.
Some research shows results the next month, others are five years down the road.
Some research shows that boron improves libido.
Some research shows that cherries or cherry juice can offer relief from gout.
Some research shows that gooseberries can help lower cholesterol as well.
Some research shows that it does cause hyperactivity and aggressiveness in children.
Some research shows that large schools work.
Some research shows that lower income and lower education levels increase the risk for stroke.
Some research shows that pampered children have a higher chance of becoming alcoholics.
Some research shows that women who take soy supplements have an increased growth of breast cells.
Some research sites General consideration on internet research.
Some research suggest that the various subsidiary groups vary as regards their infectiousness.
Some research suggests a link between high caffeine levels and birth defects and miscarriages.
Some research suggests a link between meningiomas and the hormone progesterone .
Some research suggests a possible medical use, however.
Some research suggests a rain gush occurs immediately after a lightning discharge.
Some research suggests bile possesses antimicrobial benefits as well.
Some research suggests can be a risk factor in virtually all human cancers except skin.
Some research suggests pyruvate can also aid in fat loss .
Some research suggests that a book-like format works well.
Some research suggests that a high-protein diet can enhance dopamine production.
Some research suggests that a Native Mexican diet can reduce the risk of breast cancer.
Some research suggests that antioxidants can improve performance while others show no benefits.
Some research suggests that because disposable diapers are more absorbent they keep babies drier.
Some research suggests that beta-sitosterol can help reduce blood cholesterol levels.
Some research suggests that drinking caffeinated products spares glycogen early in a marathon.
Some research suggests that emotional support is linked to strengthening the immune system.
Some research suggests that extracurricular activities can benefit all students.
Some research suggests that ginkgo biloba can help protect the body against altitude sickness.
Some research suggests that ginseng can also regulate blood pressure and lower cholesterol levels.
Some research suggests that individuals provide more help to closer relatives.
Some research suggests that isoflavones are responsible for soy's health properties.
Some research suggests that language began with song.
Some research suggests that liquids leave the stomach more quickly than solids.
Some research suggests that manatees periodically require fresh water.
Some research suggests that many men are misdiagnosed under the prostatitis umbrella.
Some research suggests that marijuana use is likely to come before use of other drugs.
Some research suggests that mirrors frighten woodpeckers.
Some research suggests that older persons are more sensitive to temperature extremes.
Some research suggests that our prostates are healthier, too.
Some research suggests that ozone can also destroy molds and pesticide residue.
Some research suggests that people with early onset dementia decline at a faster rate.
Some research suggests that phone surveys produce more favorable results than other methods.
Some research suggests that phytoestrogens work in complex ways.
Some research suggests that regular physical activity can lower the risk of colon cancer.
Some research suggests that removing the old foliage in fall can reduce cold hardiness of mums.
Some research suggests that selenium fights certain types of cancer.
Some research suggests that shear reduces the effectiveness of some retardants.
Some research suggests that the normal aging process also plays a role.
Some research suggests that the rear seats next to the doors are equally safe.
Some research suggests that the sex of the interviewer has an effect on response.
Some research suggests that there are two general types of suicidal youth.
Some research suggests that zinc can slow the progression of macular degeneration.
Some research suggests users quickly build up tolerance to ecstasy.
Some research supports acupuncture as an effective means of relieving migraine.
Some research supports predation as a regulating mechanism.
Some researches say morning sickness can be a sign of a healthy pregnancy.
Some researches think that REM has a different affect on infants then it does on adults.
Researched information is needed only for the iconography.
Researched material is published in diverse formats for different audiences.
Researched sites cover opportunities spanning across the entire globe.
Researched writing encourages experimentation with a variety of writing processes.
A researcher is a scientist
Researcher calls for more studies of impact of marijuana on brain.
Researcher can access information by topic or type of law.
Researcher can also post queries on the bulletin board.
Researcher can get images from the robot directly by the web.
Researcher can tailor to meet own needs so long as construct validity remains intact.
Researcher click here.
Researcher continues to locate career information.
Researcher covers social, scientific, historic, economic, political and global issues.
Researcher darts a right whale to collect a skin sample.
Researcher determines applicable research sources, procedures.
Researcher figures out how tannins block nutrition .
Researcher flunks the butterfly ballot .
Researcher has control over situation.
Researcher have little actual evidence linking transportation improvements to economic development.
Researcher have threes and are investigating a variety of possibilities.
Researcher helps students keep track of key information during every phase of the research cycle.
Researcher is a general index of domestic and international newspapers, and periodicals.
Researcher is a participant observer and interacts with the subject.
Researcher is designed to be used by many students sharing a single computer.
Researcher is often a rather isolated and arid profession, with only one's computer as company.
Researcher is radio tracking bats.
Researcher isa scientist.
Researcher looks at graphs instead of using statistics.
Researcher provides laptop with ethernet card.
Researcher randomly selects samples from each and finds the mean of each group.
Researcher rates the top ISPs in the United States as it examines the future of the market.
Researcher reads Criteria and determines the publication needed to conduct research.
Researcher receives grant to study the effect diet has on breast cancer risk.
Researcher say heavy drinking can damage the heart muscle and the liver.
Researcher seeks legal protection from potential music industry suits.
Researcher supplies the protein antigen and antibodies.
Researcher tests a new speech recognizer and system capabilities.
Researcher tries to predict likely users of alternative methods.
Researcher tries unsuccessfully to become a bean.
Researcher urges less use of anti-bacteria products .
Researcher uses novel approach to grow tumors in dogs.
Researcher uses random digit dialing to fax surveys to potential respondents' fax machines.
Researcher Uses the computer and internet to answer the question.
Researcher wants to share information with others.
Researchers access information.
Researchers access material by jurisdiction or by topic.
Researchers achieve goals.
Researchers acknowledge the point.
Researchers acquire chances.
Researchers actively maintain ongoing relationships with the growers in their geographical areas.
Researchers actually have reason to admire the complexity and behaviors in a jellyfish.
Researchers actually talk of 'cleaning' their data.
Researchers add that successful companies often certify their partners at different levels.
Researchers add to the knowledge base of family and consumer issues.
Researchers admit that such a barrier is difficult to explain within evolution.
Researchers admit they re puzzled, and plan a closer look.
Researchers admit they still have much to learn about silent strokes.
Researchers advise all patients to talk to their physician before taking any herbal therapies.
Researchers advocate involving teenage fathers beyond family planning.
Researchers agree on one thing.
Researchers agree that both the job and the person play a role in situations of work-related stress.
Researchers agree that drugs affect the brain's sense of time.
Researchers agree that environmental factors do make a difference.
Researchers agree that exercise helps to ease anxiety and lift spirits.
Researchers agree that homework is an essential ingredient of adolescents' school success.
Researchers agree that infants and toddlers learning experiences are key.
Researchers agree that many aspects of antibiotic resistance remain unresolved.
Researchers agree that much more study is needed.
Researchers agree that optimum napping time is between fifteen minutes and two hours.
Researchers agree that smoking is a major health hazard.
Researchers agree that successful people in the workplace are successful communicators.
Researchers agree that the answer has to do with program quality .
Researchers agree that the concept of resiliency deserves and requires more study.
Researchers agree that the sense of touch is underused in dynamic orientation.
Researchers agree that the threat viruses pose is getting worse.
Researchers agree that women harvested and prepared plants.
Researchers aim to measure mountain growth rate.
Researchers aim to treat chronic pain and fibromyalgia syndrome without drugs or surgery.
Researchers allow the unbound antibody to clear and then administer the prodrug.
Researchers already have several intriguing clues.
Researchers already have the capabilities to clone animals.
Researchers already know brain swelling is highly responsive to albumin therapy.
Researchers already know that stress suppresses the body's ability to protect itself.
Researchers already know ways to clean contaminated soil.
Researchers also add links to web sites they believe are valuable.
Researchers also adhere to strict federal government guidelines for animal research.
Researchers also agree that other higher nonhuman primates such as baboons are out, too.
Researchers also are independent entrepreneurs.
Researchers also are interested in finding any harmful effects.
Researchers also assist in writing storyboards.
Researchers also believe that ginkgo improves blood flow to the brain.
Researchers also believe that riboflavin helps the body absorb iron more efficiently.
Researchers also believe they have evidence of diaphragm muscles.
Researchers also can access additional data summaries and are able to customize outputs.
Researchers also can dispense liquids manually by turning the lead screw to advance the pistons.
Researchers also can look at the broader picture and study methods for avoiding crashes.
Researchers also can search by region.
Researchers also can test the new technology for use in educational instruction and training.
Researchers also can zoom, rotate or change color scales.
Researchers also capture the creatures by hand and use glue board traps.
Researchers also claim that there's a higher risk of testicular cancer.
Researchers also clip a piece, about the size of a thumbnail, from one of the fish's fins.
Researchers also collaborate in other forms across discipline and faculty boundaries.
Researchers also commit themselves to pursue non-discriminatory practices whenever possible.
Researchers also conduct studies at five outlying centers located throughout the state.
Researchers also continue to explore new techniques for colon cancer screening.
Researchers also develop software that makes an impact beyond the borders of the campus.
Researchers also disagree about the nature and potential of the immigrant firm.
Researchers also draft substantive and congratulatory resolutions and certificates.
Researchers also evaluate the pharmacoeconomics and quality of life attributed to the new drug.
Researchers also examine the capacity for nonprofit-sector growth.
Researchers also explore the effectiveness of prevention strategies in the community.
Researchers also feel strongly that the disease has an environmental component.
Researchers also fill in the date and time for the appointment on the left side of the form.
Researchers also have access to significant computing resources within the EE department.
Researchers also have another theory why levodopa improves the children's ADHD symptoms.
Researchers also have high hopes for nanotube-based electronics.
Researchers also have surmised construction methods.
Researchers also have to ensure their procedures can adapt to different methods of rearing sheep.
Researchers also have two rootstock trials under way, looking at cold hardiness and other traits.
Researchers also hope for a 'weather event,' science lingo for a storm.
Researchers also hope to add statistical data about health, welfare, and crime.
Researchers also hope to be able to learn who'll be most likely to respond to medications.
Researchers also hope to encourage students to take action to address environmental problems.
Researchers also hope to link biological findings to behaviors.
Researchers also hope to use the results to study the craters' erosional histories.
Researchers also know more about the effects of such earthquakes.
Researchers also know that students learn best when the materials are relevant and engaging.
Researchers also know that there is a strong link between depression and taste.
Researchers also look at the effectiveness of prevention strategies in the community.
Researchers also make heavy use of seismic data resources available on the Internet.
Researchers also measure change in child and family well-being.
Researchers also plan to look into the effects of the environment on cancer risk, especially diet.
Researchers also plan to observe classes, interview teachers and students, and hold focus groups.
Researchers also point out that depression is a powerful predictor of having poor aging later on.
Researchers also point out the value in asking the community itself what needs to be done.
Researchers also presume that genes play a role, although few direct links yet have been proven.
Researchers also receive a research allowance.
Researchers also recognize the potential benefits that telomerase activity has in certain tissues.
Researchers also recommend combinations of anti-HIV drugs for the same reason.
Researchers also recommend providing bilingual speakers at the workshops, where possible.
Researchers also relate excess alcohol consumption to mouth and throat cancers.
Researchers also report that more than half of all cases of dyslexia are inherited.
Researchers also require the information to be of sufficient quality for further analysis.
Researchers also say death rates varied from branch to branch of the family tree.
Researchers also say heredity, fitness and lifestyle all play a part as well.
Researchers also say that melatonin is one of the nature's most potent antioxidants.
Researchers also say the diet increased the womens metabolism.
Researchers also say the report was premature.
Researchers also say there is no clear scientific answer as to when obesity becomes unhealthy.
Researchers also say they're working on cloning other animals such as dogs, cats and horses.
Researchers also strive to translate scientific breakthroughs into treatments for patients.
Researchers also study and demonstrate methods for re-establishing oak trees.
Researchers also study error behavior and propagation in various sys tems.
Researchers also study forages, corn and herbicide efficiency.
Researchers also study the creatures eaten by spotted owls.
Researchers also suggest risperidone is more tolerable in elderly patients than haloperidol.
Researchers also suggest that smaller classes are more likely to foster positive relationships.
Researchers also suggest that there are several different components that make up attitudes.
Researchers also suspect a genetic susceptibility to obesity.
Researchers also suspect that there is a second summer nursing ground.
Researchers also test the waters at the lagoon mouth, harbor mouth, and break walls.
Researchers also theorize that folic acid causes spontaneous abortion in fetuses with NTDs.
Researchers also throw together information in a manner that infers relation where there is none.
Researchers also use genetics for the same principles that a producer does.
Researchers also use planning commission and city council minutes and county courthouse records.
Researchers also use the tunnel to determine the effects of ground-wind loads on launch vehicles.
Researchers also watch closely for unexpected adverse reactions.
Researchers also wish to surmise what happens to the current when it gets to the tip.
Researchers also wonder if debris in the tear film is to blame.
Researchers also work in forage grass breeding, small grains research, and horticultural research.
Researchers also work on a number of collaborative projects.
Researchers analyze climate information to predict the mosquito's next move.
Researchers analyze development.
Researchers analyze effects.
Researchers analyze flight performance in wandering albatrosses.
Researchers analyze results.
Researchers analyze types.
Researchers announce breakthroughs.
Researchers announce discoveries.
Researchers announce success.
Researchers announce they have completed the initial sequencing of the human genome .
Researchers anticipate that the technology can be applied to both new and existing generation.
Researchers appear comfortable with the amount of soy in foods.
Researchers appear to be on the brink of discovering the genes that underlie numerous heart defects.
Researchers appear to have re-written a fundamental principle of biology.
Researchers apply concepts.
Researchers apply directly to organizations.
Researchers apply for support by submitting an application by the appropriate deadline.
Researchers apply laser diagnostics and computer modeling to practical combustion problems.
Researchers apply methods.
Researchers apply responses.
Researchers apply techniques.
Researchers appreciate letters wihtout abbreviations.
Researchers approach a deepwater oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico.
Researchers are a conservative bunch.
Researchers are a long way from learning everything they want to know.
Researchers are able to browse or search specific sites or search a selected set of sites.
Researchers are able to discover their ancestors, where they lived and the work they did.
Researchers ARE ABLE to draw conclusions about cause and effect relationships between variables.
Researchers are able to image the fuel-air mixing process in the cylinder.
Researchers are able to look for a term or series of terms in the database, such as 'la ruse'.
Researchers are able to track any undesirable genetic baggage at the molecular level.
Researchers are accustomed to the study of survivorship in evaluating treatments for malignancy.
Researchers are actually detectives, trying to figure a story to a plausible conclusion.
Researchers are adapting the technology for wide-scale application, so farmers can use it.
Researchers are adults.
Researchers are almost positive that dogs have dreams too.
Researchers are already well on their way.
Researchers are also available for consultation and background briefings.
Researchers are also available for consultation to prepare and finalize specific requests.
Researchers are also concerned for the killer whales.
Researchers are also excited about a new flu medicine.
Researchers are also interested in another cigar-related trend reported by teens.
Researchers are also interested in factors that cause a plaque to rupture and induce a heart attack.
Researchers are also interested in finding out how a footballer actually kicks a ball.
Researchers are also interested in seeing if there are different strains of the spirochete.
Researchers are also interested in the interaction between the ice sheet and the water beneath.
Researchers are also unable to reproduce ball lightning.
Researchers are also welcome to join.
Researchers are also welcome to rent the units for an extended period to house personnel.
Researchers are always encourage to read the literature associated with each site.
Researchers are always on the look out for ways to protect the individual from risk of stroke.
Researchers are always welcome in the collections, though advance notice is appreciated.
Researchers are among the lucky few.
Researchers are an integral part of that team.
Researchers are as yet unable to explain the strong climatic fluctuations.
Researchers are at a loss to explain the increase.
Researchers are available by appointment and on a limited basis.
Researchers are available to answer any questions.
Researchers are available to answer information requests in all areas of business.
Researchers are best to err in the conservative direction.
Researchers are busy at work, mapping the bovine genome.
Researchers are by definition problem solvers.
Researchers are clearly on the cutting edge.
Researchers are close to identifying stem cells in the liver, brain, and pancreas.
Researchers are cold and unfeeling about the animals in their studies.
Researchers are concerned and trying to prevent late complications of treatments.
Researchers are concerned that producers plan carefully for changes in their production systems.
Researchers are concerned with a world that is knowable and potentially measurable.
Researchers are confident that desert dust absorbs far less radiation than previously thought.
Researchers are confident that the device can be scaled up for even thicker concrete demolition.
Researchers are confident that their goals can be reached.
Researchers are confident they can push the vaccine technology even further.
Researchers are confident they'll continue discovering new donor sites.
Researchers are continuing efforts to develop better devices to help the damaged heart function.
Researchers are currently at work on a new integrated image-analysis system.
Researchers are currently at work on promising new tests and treatments.
Researchers are delighted, however, that experimenters are now tackling the question.
Researchers are eager for the exposure so they can win grants and further their work.
Researchers are eager to determine the causes of inflammation and to find out what maintains it.
Researchers are eager to establish whether keeping mentally active can help guard against dementia.
Researchers are eager to find out.
Researchers are encourage to plan ahead.
Researchers are especially interested in participants who are a member of a racial minority.
Researchers are especially interested in the foods chosen by night eaters.
Researchers are especially interested in the role of stress hormones.
Researchers are everywhere.
Researchers are excited about the discovery.
Researchers are excited about the possibilities.
Researchers are excited and say the formula can relieve arthritis pain for millions.
Researchers are excited for another reason.
Researchers are exempt from patent fees by virtue of what a patent is a marketing monopoly.
Researchers are fairly confident that the cub is female.
Researchers are fallible and make honest mistakes.
Researchers are finding with the more efficient underground pest control, less pesticide is needed.
Researchers are free to pick their topic and tools of research.
Researchers are from all university colleges.
Researchers are from federal and state agencies, nongovernment institutions, and universities.
Researchers are from universities, state and federal agencies and private firms.
Researchers are given a year to analyse Hubble observations before the data are made public.
Researchers are greatly interested in discovering any factors that prevent the disease.
Researchers are hard at work applying the technology and working out the bugs.
Researchers are here to be the vanguard.
Researchers are hopeful that they can develop drugs to reverse the switching process.
Researchers are in close contact with farmers in the field, many of whom are former students.
Researchers are in conflict about the safety of the latest test-tube baby treatment.
Researchers are in good position to team and appreciate what makes a good programme.
Researchers are in the final stages of a long-term study to evaluate the effects of the program.
Researchers are indifferent to the well being of animals.
Researchers are indifferent to the well-being of laboratory animals.
Researchers are interested in how children describe the artificial creatures that they build.
Researchers are interested in studying the effects of a new diet.
Researchers are interested in the behavior of microorganisms in various polluted environments.
Researchers are interested in the effects of the drug on people without sleep disorders.
Researchers are interested in the mouse because so many biological studies have been done using it.
Researchers are led by institutes.
Researchers are less certain about hyperaccumulator biology.
Researchers are less certain about the effects of soy in post-menopausal women.
Researchers are likely to have broadcasting experience or have worked as journalists.
Researchers are limited in retrieving data about certain studies pertaining to the basin.
Researchers are limited to one box at a time and can remove only one folder.
Researchers are limited to working with one box at a time.
Researchers are located in laboratories.
Researchers are look-ing into it.
Researchers are more concerned about the long-term safety of glucosamine and chondroitin.
Researchers are more motivated to set up save and effective experiments.
Researchers are more than welcome to come and use the facilities available.
Researchers are more willing to exchange their experiences and help their colleagues.
Researchers are most troubled by companies' push to patent expressed sequence tags or ESTs.
Researchers are no different from other people in their attitudes toward animals.
Researchers are now able to access the latest federal research and government Web sites including.
Researchers are now able to detect how even the smallest parts of our bodies work.
Researchers are now anxious to determine the optimum caloric intake for healthy, long-lived humans.
Researchers are now ready to start testing it on heart attack victims.
Researchers are now sufficiently satisfied with the results to talk about marketing new devices.
Researchers are often interested in performing regression when the response variable is categorical.
Researchers are often unfamiliar with intellectual property issues and chafe at patenting hurdles.
Researchers are on an ersatz expedition of Devon Island to learn how to explore Mars.
Researchers are on the brink of discoveries.
Researchers are one step closer to being able to perform so-called therapeutic cloning in mice.
Researchers are only beg inning to understand how and why NO w orks.
Researchers are optimistic about recent breakthroughs with strong, lightweight composite materials.
Researchers are optimistic.
Researchers are particularly interested in behaviors associated with disease, such as alcoholism.
Researchers are particularly interested in SNPs that occur within genes.
Researchers are people.
Researchers are professional information users.
Researchers are ready to start.
Researchers are respectful of the participants right to privacy or non-participation.
Researchers are responsible for attending all appointments on time.
Researchers are responsible for conducting their own research.
Researchers are responsible for fact-checking functions.
Researchers are responsible for obtaining permits.
Researchers are responsible for payment.
Researchers are responsible for providing the appropriate reel numbers to their local libraries.
Researchers are responsible for returning all records before departure.
Researchers are responsible for securing any needed permission to publish from the collection.
Researchers are responsible for the careful handling of all materials used.
Researchers are responsible for the manuscript items provided for their use.
Researchers are responsible for the quality of copies.
Researchers are responsible for the safe-guarding of any materials made available in a reading room.
Researchers are responsible for the scientific study of the animals or specimens.
Researchers are responsible for their own watering and fertilization needs.
Researchers are right to expect less paperwork and better service.
Researchers are scientists.
Researchers are skeptical.
Researchers are sorry to think that the last is too often the case.
Researchers are still optimistic for the long-term recovery of the state' s pronghorn.
Researchers are still uncertain how the disease spreads.
Researchers are still unclear about what causes cellulite.
Researchers are still unclear as to the causes of abnormal cells.
Researchers are still unclear as to what causes the shift.
Researchers are still unclear how anticonvulsants improve symptoms of bipolar illness.
Researchers are still unsure about what causes autism.
Researchers are still unsure as to why the response is so variable.
Researchers are still unsure why smoking during pregnancy is associated with negative behaviors.
Researchers are stunned, they say it is possible the most destructive virus ever created.
Researchers are tantalizingly close to discovering the genetic or molecular basis of the disease.
Researchers are territorial, almost as much as horse owners.
Researchers are the authors, editors and peer reviewers for the journals.
Researchers are themselves divided.
Researchers are then beholden to the drug companies.
Researchers are theorists.
Researchers are to be congratulated on their efforts.
Researchers are too aloof.
Researchers are too close to the market.
Researchers are truly concerned about maintaining goodwill with the public.
Researchers are unable to acquire additional information.
Researchers are unable to come up with a preventive vaccine that stops infective cold viruses.
Researchers are unable to completely explain why so few cells can cause such severe symptoms.
Researchers are unable to detect the supplement in the body once it's been taken.
Researchers are unable to draw casual conclusions.
Researchers are uncertain as to what triggers the weakening in the trade winds.
Researchers are uncertain how and why depression and heart disease are linked.
Researchers are uncertain of the impact in women with a family history of breast cancer.
Researchers are uncertain what is causing the pneumonia in otherwise healthy animals.
Researchers are unclear when the carnivore death cave was filled in.
Researchers are unsure about the react reason why anger can trigger a stroke.
Researchers are unsure at which life stage year-class strength is established.
Researchers are unsure exactly how isoflavones influence bone mass.
Researchers are unsure if adding sugar, milk or lemon lessens the benefits.
Researchers are unsure if they are from the same period or related to an ancient flooded settlement.
Researchers are unsure of how the condition is transmitted.
Researchers are unsure of the exact purpose of the tooth.
Researchers are unsure of what caused fibromyalgia.
Researchers are unsure whether they are harmful to humans.
Researchers are unsure why being overweight can lead to diabetes.
Researchers are unsure why humpback whales sing.
Researchers are unsure why radiation therapy caused more deaths earlier.
Researchers are unsure why.
Researchers are usually doctors, nurses, pharmacists or other health care professionals.
Researchers are usually doctors, nurses, pharmacists or other healthcare professionals.
Researchers are very interested in insulin resistance.
Researchers are welcome at the world's largest online library of drug policy information.
Researchers are welcome by appointment.
Researchers are welcome during library hours.
Researchers are welcome to attend the meeting for the review of their proposal.
Researchers are welcome to bring personal laptops, if needed.
Researchers are welcome to discuss holdings at greater length with the staff .
Researchers are welcome to make use of the collections in person.
Researchers are welcome to use the collections by making an appointment.
Researchers are welcome to use the general circulating collections during all posted library hours.
Researchers are welcome to use the libraries when staff is present in the archives.
Researchers are welcome to use the resources at the library under the guidance of a librarian.
Researchers are welcome to visit and search the records.
Researchers are welcome to visit our IRAD depository to examine records.
Researchers are welcome to visit the IRAD depository to do their own research.
Researchers are welcome to work on the premises during regular hours or by appointment.
Researchers are welcome, there is a charge for photocopies.
Researchers are welcome.
Researchers are without the funding necessary to pursue new and innovative research avenues.
Researchers are workers.
Researchers are worried that the seaweed is a nearby relative to Caulerpa taxifolia.
Researchers are worried.
Researchers are, however, gathering more evidence about certain vulnerable periods.
Researchers are, however, investigating whether hydrocarbon emissions are related .
Researchers are, in fact, making unprecedented progress at getting to the molecular roots of cancer.
Researchers argue about the importance of play to children's development.
Researchers argue that gradually moving Earth farther from the sun is possible.
Researchers argue that they deserve the patent and profits.
Researchers argue there are areas of common interest where development goals and business cross.
Researchers argue types.
Researchers arrive at conclusions.
Researchers ask participants.
Researchers ask, what makes people passionate.
Researchers assess values.
Researchers assign patients randomly to the treatment or control group.
Researchers assist reporters and editors in collecting information for a story.
Researchers assume full responsibility for use of any restricted materials.
Researchers assume that the reaction converts alcohol to acetic acid.
Researchers assume they are no.
Researchers assure that all calorie consumption was controlled and uniform.
Researchers attempt to approach swans in the darkness without being detected.
Researchers attribute it to atmospheric deposition.
Researchers attribute it to two factors, improving economic conditions and welfare reform.
Researchers attribute low serotonin levels inducing depression, rage and paranoia.
Researchers attribute the cause to both genetic and environmental factors.
Researchers attribute the reemergence of nuclear families to many factors.
Researchers attribute the resurgence of nuclear families to several factors.
Researchers basically remain nonplussed by what causes cancer in children at all.
Researchers become corporate fellows through significant and sustained contributions over the years.
Researchers become experts in both synthesis and characterization of the new compounds they prepare.
Researchers become experts.
Researchers become involved post-care in analyzing the data.
Researchers become involved post-treatment in analyzing the treatment data.
Researchers begin by inserting the light-emitting gene into the bacteria.
Researchers begin careers.
Researchers begin testing what the effects of depleted uranium on human beings really is.
Researchers begin transitions.
Researchers beginning new projects have the same responsibilities.
Researchers beleive that sex differences in the brain are the cause.
Researchers believe a gene-produced enzyme coats the toxin, making it safe for the cell.
Researchers believe a low level of hormonal byproducts is the reason for decreased side effects.
Researchers believe a major reason for the increase is the epidemic of obesity.
Researchers believe babies benefit from having a close bond with more than one person.
Researchers believe babies benefit from having a close relationship with more than one person.
Researchers believe birds form colonies for two major reasons.
Researchers believe boron neutron capture therapy has few side effects.
Researchers believe breakfast affects learning in two ways.
Researchers believe cancers erupt when immune system response is weakened.
Researchers believe concentrations of microscopic zooplankton have declined in the lake.
Researchers believe cow to cow spread is rare.
Researchers believe depression is caused by the combination of several factors.
Researchers believe Eastern tent caterpillars also played a role.
Researchers believe elevated blood pressure affects the brain's blood vessels.
Researchers believe excess weight reduces blood circulation, leading to the disorder.
Researchers believe flavonoids are responsible for tea's health benefits.
Researchers believe genetics and environmental factors play a role in the cause of the disease.
Researchers believe heredity does play a role in passing eczema from one generation to the next.
Researchers believe high concentrations of carbon dioxide kill plants by inhibiting root function.
Researchers believe in autistic individuals the thalamus functions abnormally.
Researchers believe inactive beta cells are more likely to escape the immune system's attack.
Researchers believe it grew on grain stored at the bottom of mud bins.
Researchers believe it happens when certain chemicals attack brain cell proteins.
Researchers believe it has more to do with diet than climate.
Researchers believe it has to do with a type of sexual attraction for females.
Researchers believe it inhibits the action of enzymes that cause cartilage breakdown.
Researchers believe it is contracted by eating infected beef.
Researchers believe it is responsible for the addictive effects of drugs such as cocaine.
Researchers believe it is still too soon to say.
Researchers believe it is the combination of phytochemicals in plant foods that reduces cancer.
Researchers believe it lowers estrogen production.
Researchers believe it to be the tomb of a high priest.
Researchers believe it works by activating the brain stem arousal system and cortex.
Researchers believe it's possible to increase the efficiency of N and P use in cows.
Researchers believe many other works exist that have yet to be discovered.
Researchers believe multiple factors cause the disease.
Researchers believe phantom pain is the body's way of responding to the trauma of amputation.
Researchers believe polyps are the most common precursors or cancer of the colon and rectum.
Researchers believe results.
Researchers believe routine screening can significantly reduce the number of cases and consequences.
Researchers believe some are activated in response to environmental stress.
Researchers believe stress can aggravate the symptoms of fibromyalgia.
Researchers believe such transmission is theoretically possible.
Researchers believe teens turn to their rooms when they feel stressed to the limit.
Researchers believe that a brain chemical, called substance P, regulates the inflammation.
Researchers believe that ADD is due to altered brain biochemistry.
Researchers believe that Aph.
Researchers believe that battering is one of the most seriously under reported crimes.
Researchers believe that chemicals called neurotransmitters are involved in depression.
Researchers believe that children have a deficient immune response.
Researchers believe that chronic stress affects the digestive tract in a number of ways.
Researchers believe that chronic stress affects the immune system in a number of ways.
Researchers believe that chytridiomycosis kills by suffocation and disruption of thermoregulation.
Researchers believe that depression can weaken immune system function.
Researchers believe that eating more food produces more body fat, which boosts production of leptin.
Researchers believe that estrogen is what gives women the advantage.
Researchers believe that genetics sometimes plays a role in the cellular breakdown.
Researchers believe that ghosts, and paranormal energy, are electro-magnetic in origin.
Researchers believe that hawthorn helps the heart in several ways.
Researchers believe that historically, more woody debris existed in northern streams.
Researchers believe that if a copy is inherited from both parents, the fetus most often dies.
Researchers believe that immune cells in the gut overreact to the presence of bacteria.
Researchers believe that in the old times takiya used to be an underhat for a helmet.
Researchers believe that iron helps to build brain neurotransmitter activity.
Researchers believe that it has more to do with their traditional diet.
Researchers believe that it is caused by a combination of biological and environmental factors .
Researchers believe that it is caused by a combination of biological and environmental factors.
Researchers believe that it originates from Central America and Mexico.
Researchers believe that light consumption of ethanol helps production of a repair-promoting gene.
Researchers believe that long-term radiation exposure can be managed by crew rotation scheduling.
Researchers believe that low food supplies farther north cause invading species to travel south.
Researchers believe that low or absent libido is often caused by a shift in hormone levels.
Researchers believe that many kinds of bats are under threat of extinction.
Researchers believe that massage works in at least three ways.
Researchers believe that modern manatees evolved from four-footed land mammals.
Researchers believe that more than one genetic defect is necessary to trigger bipolar disorder.
Researchers believe that most obesity is caused by small differences in food intake.
Researchers believe that most of the damage is done early.
Researchers believe that most psychological traits are normally distributed in the population.
Researchers believe that none of the native predators relied greatly on the marine iguana for food.
Researchers believe that quail food provides a natural birth control.
Researchers believe that roughage keeps the intestinal tract clean, lowering the risk of disease.
Researchers believe that spinal cord excitability decreases during prolonged space flight.
Researchers believe that the answers can be found in the red wine they drink.
Researchers believe that the antibodies bind to cocaine in the bloodstream, making it inactive.
Researchers believe that the computer is a new potential medium for life.
Researchers believe that the disease is acquired by inhalation.
Researchers believe that the effect is probably caused by antioxidant carotenoids such as lycopene.
Researchers believe that the majority of the cases involve multiple factors.
Researchers believe that the mole is a loner.
Researchers believe that the oxygen level changed the behavior of the worms.
Researchers believe that the procedure causes new vessels to form, alleviating or reducing angina.
Researchers believe that the prototype can match that rate if three tireless units are used.
Researchers believe that the skate's electric organs are used for communication and mate location.
Researchers believe that the syndrome is caused by a frame shift mutation.
Researchers believe that the tendency to develop acne can be inherited from parents.
Researchers believe that the therapeutic potential of honey is grossly underutilized.
Researchers believe that the two doses of hormones prevent pregnancy one of two ways.
Researchers believe that two different patterns are used.
Researchers believe that vitamin C helps blood vessels dilate.
Researchers believe that whales have a highly evolved sense of hearing, using a range of sounds.
Researchers believe that when the flux ropes become unstable, that's when the sun erupts.
Researchers believe that, in either case, the program is worthwhile.
Researchers believe the African lungfish is a distant relative of the coelacanth.
Researchers believe the child's father was a Spanish conquistador.
Researchers believe the cloud provides an important clue to the origin of water in the solar system.
Researchers believe the cocktail works best if administered within months of infection.
Researchers believe the creature's diet to be mainly vegetarian.
Researchers believe the current coastwide decline in urchin numbers is caused by overharvesting.
Researchers believe the declines are due to decreasing consumption of salted meats.
Researchers believe the discrimination stems from the nature of the domestic helpers' work.
Researchers believe the disease is caused when so called b-cells.
Researchers believe the enzyme enters the cell through the inner-tube's center opening.
Researchers believe the fish was brought to North America in the ballast water of ships from Europe.
Researchers believe the increase is due to many American children being overweight and inactive.
Researchers believe the Internet is the reason.
Researchers believe the last three substances are the active ingredients.
Researchers believe the newborns are compensating for a lack of nutrients they received as a fetus.
Researchers believe the outbreak was caused by the quake-induced landslides.
Researchers believe the pain is more acute today.
Researchers believe the presence of water increases the possibility of life on the Red Planet.
Researchers believe the reason is genetics.
Researchers believe the trees probably buffered the mounds from dramatic drops in temperature.
Researchers believe the virus has potential as a viable biopesticide to control fire ants.
Researchers believe their patients ate more to stimulate the pleasure circuits in their brains.
Researchers believe there are several ways that disease-causing microorganisms can enter into cider.
Researchers believe there is an underlying genetic factor to mood disorders.
Researchers believe there is strong evidence that deer density is related to disease prevalence.
Researchers believe there's a genetic component to panic disorder.
Researchers believe they can partly explain why.
Researchers believe they have determined a new pathway to potentially downregulate inflammation.
Researchers believe they have discovered the location of a gene for susceptibility to schizophrenia.
Researchers believe they have found a connection between a brain tumor-like illness and obesity.
Researchers believe they have found a genetic link to the disease.
Researchers believe they have found a nexus between lead levels in women and hypertension.
Researchers believe they have found a safer, more effective method for preventing disease.
Researchers believe they have found the physiologic cause of narcolepsy.
Researchers believe they have identified the two genes responsible for the condition.
Researchers believe they have uncovered unique, advantageous machinery for aquatic life.
Researchers believe they work by block more powerful estrogens and xenoestrogens.
Researchers believe they're now onto an explanation for the process.
Researchers believe two brain functions work together as language is acquired in childhood.
Researchers believe vitamin E stimulates the immune response that UV radiation seems to deplete.
Researchers believe, however, that they have reached a turning point in the war against cancer.
Researchers benefit from collaborative ventures with cancer investigators around the country.
Researchers blame compounds such as xylene, ketones and aldehydes for the effect.
Researchers blame the trend on easy access to calorie-laden drinks even in schools.
Researchers breed lab mice to study how specific genes affect growth and behavior.
Researchers breed resistance to another fusarium strain into tomatoes.
Researchers bring to their investigations a conceptual framework which influences what they see.
Researchers build diagram of cell cycle clock .
Researchers build on discovery of potent potential antibiotic .
Researchers build projects like the individual strands of a web.
Researchers calculate consumption levels.
Researchers calculate levels.
Researchers calculate trophic levels.
Researchers call for new efforts to reduce the number of pupils being excluded from schools.
Researchers call it an unscientific and unrealistic standard.
Researchers call it biconical.
Researchers call it latent heat, and it is a key factor in cloud formation and storm development.
Researchers call it Motherese.
Researchers call it neophobia and credit it with our survival.
Researchers call it night eating syndrome.
Researchers call it the most elegant method of generating electricity.
Researchers call it the silent epidemic, saying it is much more common than most realize.
Researchers call it 'ubiquitous computing'.
Researchers call on dog owners for help with leading research.
Researchers call the jerky movement saccadic jumps and the pauses that follow fixations .
Researchers call the phenomenon feline high-rise syndrome.
Researchers call the phenomenon the Arctic Oscillation.
Researchers can access an integrated environment that offers cited reference searching.
Researchers can access primary documents at the local cemetery, courthouse and church.
Researchers can access state digests in two ways.
Researchers can access the information from our website.
Researchers can access the statistical data and create their own reports.
Researchers can accurately calculate the total solar energy if they know the sun's elevation angle.
Researchers can already do amazing things with mouse brains.
Researchers can also browse by journal title.
Researchers can also choose to publish research abstracts in a variety of languages.
Researchers can also control exposure time by applying a pulsed voltage to the microchannel plates.
Researchers can also expect to see minor changes in code numbers for their studies.
Researchers can also gain access to special populations of people through the Internet.
Researchers can also glean vital information from wills.
Researchers can also jump to articles in a different issue or volume of the same journal.
Researchers can also learn if equipment can accommodate different-sized soldiers.
Researchers can also look at the broader picture and study methods for avoiding crashes.
Researchers can also obtain copies of complete survey data for further analysis.
Researchers can also obtain copies through the mail from some indexed collections.
Researchers can also order reproductions of audiovisual materials .
Researchers can also participate in online discussion groups on issues related to clinical research.
Researchers can also purchase copies of photographs and other documents from our collections.
Researchers can also quantify the frequency of specific mutational patterns.
Researchers can also receive travel money for scientific meetings, honoraria, and even stock.
Researchers can also review extensive Links and order Books about German migration.
Researchers can also rotate the substrate material to allow the laser access to the lower surfaces.
Researchers can also search by legal description.
Researchers can also set up appointments to visit the archive in person.
Researchers can also use it to verify that all personnel working on a project have taken the class .
Researchers can also write scripts that link tools together and create second-tier applications.
Researchers can always find ways to improve their writing.
Researchers can analyze and make predictions about protein structure from the amino acid sequence.
Researchers can apply lessons they learn from corneal epithelial cells to cells throughout the body.
Researchers can apply to use the database for their studies.
Researchers can ascertain the amount the universe has expanded since the time of each explosion.
Researchers can assign codes to questions, and codes or scores to answers.
Researchers can be from the private sector, a university or government labs.
Researchers can become very protective of their own work.
Researchers can browse by author and title or search documents by keyword .
Researchers can browse tables of contents, search article abstracts, titles or subjects.
Researchers can browse through family and local history files and books on sit.
Researchers can browse through family and local history files and books on site.
Researchers can build personalized indexes and concordances in minutes.
Researchers can buy systems fully configured or customized with various options and components.
Researchers can compare communities based on the number of listings under specific categories.
Researchers can conduct rigorous studies, measure human attributes and build mathematical models.
Researchers can confirm or disconfirm a theory.
Researchers can confirm that a regulation is still in force by using any of the following citators.
Researchers can consult the archives catalogue, which is comprised of a mixture of finding aids.
Researchers can create a shopping cart of requested items and send it online to be filled.
Researchers can deduce the presence of a virus by filtration experiments.
Researchers can deliver a model or use it to provide results to the customer.
Researchers can design a series of data entry templates tailored to their questionnaire.
Researchers can develop the protocol, and managers can evaluate it and help with volunteers.
Researchers can devise their own procedures according to the nature of their project.
Researchers can do jobs.
Researchers can do more things with plant science than they can with animals.
Researchers can do the test with any animal species but they use rats or mice most often.
Researchers can draw the wrong conclusions from statistical data.
Researchers can draw their own conclusions.
Researchers can drill down to retrieve abstracts describing content for each record.
Researchers can easily acquire photocopies of entries by mail or telephone inquiry.
Researchers can e-mail, print, or save their notes from a session for later use.
Researchers can enter their data immediately after creating an account online .
Researchers can enter their projects, and the database can be searched.
Researchers can estimate a system's sensitivity to changes in specific attributes of climate.
Researchers can estimate the size of the animal from the size of the jaws.
Researchers can even determine the fish's date of birth, or spawn date.
Researchers can examine selected materials in their work.
Researchers can examine the early phases of antibody production, with the new procedure.
Researchers can expect assay results within ten working days.
Researchers can find a wealth of fraternal history and social activities.
Researchers can find family name references that appear in all North American genealogy periodicals.
Researchers can find medical dictionaries in the library as well as some on the Internet.
Researchers can find more judicial sites under the law section of the Reference Desk.
Researchers can find out how our research was designed and how to access our data.
Researchers can find relevant sites to expand resource materials.
Researchers can find signs of smoke exposure by testing urine.
Researchers can focus on treating the cause of disease, rather than alleviating the symptoms.
Researchers can generally expect responses within one to two weeks of submitting a request.
Researchers can give voice to women and to a point of view, using data to back their perspectives.
Researchers can harvest and grow adult cells in large amounts compared to embryos .
Researchers can help by turning off unneeded fume hoods, lasers and growth chambers.
Researchers can identify the same volcanic event over the area of ash distribution.
Researchers can incorporate video that demonstrates research results or materials on their findings.
Researchers can interactively move the light source to any angle to examine features.
Researchers can learn about specific characteristics for each accession in the collection.
Researchers can learn from industry based reporting standards.
Researchers can limit to particular jurisdictions or headnotes .
Researchers can link directly to economic information from the economic calendar.
Researchers can link to sites with statistics and reports on volunteering.
Researchers can locate cases with specific conditions in a matter of seconds.
Researchers can locate radio collared bighorn from the air or on the ground.
Researchers can look for two years or they can take a decade.
Researchers can look up a particular code or compare the two classification standards.
Researchers can look up name or name in combination with any other field.
Researchers can make limited photocopies of needed articles.
Researchers can make mistakes, but the evidence in the case of clean-needle programs is massive.
Researchers can make recommendations on eliminating microbial contamination.
Researchers can make use of GMI's pre-recruited panels, or set up their own.
Researchers can measure the echo time and deduce the speed at which sound travels through the oil.
Researchers can monitor, track, and assess team practices using special facilities there.
Researchers can never agree on how to proceed or even on what is important.
Researchers can now access libraries around the world with the click of a mouse button.
Researchers can now define optimum composition limits for a gall-resistant stainless steel.
Researchers can now determine ozone loss in plumes.
Researchers can now even engineer proteins to contain endogenous fluorogenic signals.
Researchers can now make comparisons using the new lines.
Researchers can now read the original supplement if they handle it with care.
Researchers can now use high technology submersibles to study creatures that live in the deep sea.
Researchers can now view the complete genetic blue print for a plant.
Researchers can only use one box and only one file from the box at a time, and one book at a time.
Researchers can provide a toolbox of remedies, with perhaps a different remedy for every catchment.
Researchers can put wavelets together like Legos to mimic the data and reveal inherent patterns.
Researchers can quickly and easily determine the function of a gene by direct cellular assay.
Researchers can quickly familiarize themselves with the application, which minimizes training.
Researchers can record many aspects of a simulation for later analysis.
Researchers can reduce expenses and save time.
Researchers can register for electronic notification of funding opportunities.
Researchers can remove a sample of the fungus from the tree.
Researchers can remove a single cell from the very young embryo to look for cystic fibrosis.
Researchers can request additional space as needed.
Researchers can request certified copies of land patents either electronically or through the mail.
Researchers can request either a transcription or a microfilmed copy.
Researchers can request samples of any virus for study.
Researchers can request shipments of the frozen embryos whenever wanted.
Researchers can retrieve vast new fields of information.
Researchers can retrieve, print, or download reviews along with bibliographic data.
Researchers can run many calculations in-house, anytime.
Researchers can sample and analyze the plants down to the molecular level.
Researchers can search by keyword or browse by index term .
Researchers can search by theme, philosophical tradition, region, philosopher, etc.
Researchers can search by topic.
Researchers can search for articles by author names, article keywords, and journal titles.
Researchers can search for articles by author, article keywords, and journal titles.
Researchers can search for journal articles by author name, article keyword, and journal title.
Researchers can search for journal articles by author names, article keywords, and journal titles.
Researchers can search on subjects, keywords, locations, and other elements of news stories.
Researchers can search or browse through rules and regulations in full-text.
Researchers can search the abstracts by keyword , and browse or retrieve abstracts by date .
Researchers can search the archive by keyword or phrase, or browse by poem title.
Researchers can search the collection for structural units such as verse or letters.
Researchers can search the site by subject, agency and keyword.
Researchers can search via keywords.
Researchers can see only the history and diagnosis.
Researchers can see physical changes in their brains as the habit forms.
Researchers can select the alpha level they wish to use.
Researchers can select to search any or all of the databases.
Researchers can share information among widely scattered colleagues.
Researchers can simply drop off their samples, and the next day they have a result.
Researchers can simply give tetracycline to their subjects to arrest progression of the cancer.
Researchers can start to interact with data and literature in the same framework.
Researchers can still argue for exemptions for non-commercial work, such as the control of possums.
Researchers can still strive for objectivity even if some pure form is unattainable.
Researchers can successfully grow plants using only artificial light in growth chambers.
Researchers can t yet explain the exact mechanism.
Researchers can t yet say exactly which vitamins within a multivitamin do the beneficial work.
Researchers can talk with respondents individually at their home or office or at a mall.
Researchers can tell the T-cells apart by specific proteins on the cell surface.
Researchers can tell what the light is doing inside the material by measuring the birefringence.
Researchers can test for estrogenic compounds using a bioassay or chemical analyses.
Researchers can test out an audience through self-appraisal.
Researchers can themselves enter and modify their own data, and annotate data submitted by others.
Researchers can then assess what habitats are suitable for the use of remotely-sensed data.
Researchers can then correlate the differences in their database.
Researchers can then develop more effective within-site webpage sampling techniques.
Researchers can then download information on the location of the whale.
Researchers can then draw inferences about market potential for a product.
Researchers can then independently develop and improve modules for particular tasks or applications.
Researchers can then interactively view the event from any desired position.
Researchers can then look for the disease-causing mutation.
Researchers can then produce and visualize modes of the distribution of species.
Researchers can then screen other molecules for that signal.
Researchers can then study the processed films in slow motion or even frame by frame.
Researchers can then study what affects their metabolism.
Researchers can then use various other techniques to locate the gene more precisely within a chunk.
Researchers can therefore concentrate their efforts on the most promising new drug candidates.
Researchers can therefore learn much about the way our cells work by studying simpler organisms.
Researchers can track the implanted tansmitter from the sub.
Researchers can update their entries by accessing the page through their own password.
Researchers can use an interactive wand to zoom in for closeups of their models.
Researchers can use batch queues to run large simulation jobs.
Researchers can use color in their graphical representation of the results of their research.
Researchers can use computers to create models of the two theories.
Researchers can use existing video facilities to broadcast seminars.
Researchers can use it as a gateway to research articles and ideas in early algebra.
Researchers can use it as the foundation of a research agenda.
Researchers can use it to calculate or project compensation for public company insiders.
Researchers can use keywords to search headings or the full text of articles.
Researchers can use linkage to find the location of a gene on a chromosome.
Researchers can use predictions of the models as a priori hypotheses.
Researchers can use such displays to spot trends instantly.
Researchers can use the database to identify potential new drugs for cardiovascular diseases.
Researchers can use the disc to explore the literature on a particularly vexing problem in the lab.
Researchers can use the matrix to determine which coatings to use for the actual sensor designs.
Researchers can use the opportunity provided by the programme to continue an ongoing project.
Researchers can use the photographs to identify individual whales.
Researchers can usually set up their analyses to avoid high design factors.
Researchers can utilize either a keyword search or browse the database by themes.
Researchers can vary the size of the pores by adjusting the concentration of acrylamide.
Researchers can view an entire animal, or focus on one portion for added detail.
Researchers can watch the genes involved as viruses cause disease and watch drugs in action.
Researchers capture beetles.
Researchers care about the welfare of laboratory animals.
Researchers carry guns just in case.
Researchers carry out experiments.
Researchers carry out their school placement at any time during the school year.
Researchers carry out trials.
Researchers catch effort.
Researchers caution against putting children on strict diets.
Researchers caution doctors and patients that the decision to treat is a highly individual one.
Researchers caution that any such diet requires careful attention to necessary nutrients.
Researchers caution that further studies are necessary to evaluate the vaccine s effectiveness.
Researchers caution that further studies are necessary to evaluate the vaccine's effectiveness.
Researchers caution that injuries do happen to girls and the consequences can be serious.
Researchers caution that the cause of the relationship is unclear.
Researchers caution that the subject remains complex.
Researchers cease to cite article save for historical purposes.
Researchers challenge conclusions.
Researchers check forest health by measuring the flow of nitrogen .
Researchers cherish the moment of discovery.
Researchers choose indicators.
Researchers choose locations.
Researchers choose to use a repeated measures design for several different reasons.
Researchers cite causes.
Researchers cite caution as readily as assuring safety.
Researchers cite environment, biochemistry, and genetics among possible causes of eating disorders.
Researchers cite fundamental skeleton similarities to support the theory.
Researchers cite instances.
Researchers cite possible causes.
Researchers cite several different processes as the major driving forces behind urban sprawl.
Researchers cite several possible causes.
Researchers cite the glamorization of the drug in recent films and music as one factor.
Researchers claim decade-old evidence has been ignored.
Researchers claim embryonic cell mix of human and cow.
Researchers claim that exercise can have a beneficial influence on people suffering from depression.
Researchers claim that genetic manipulation in humans is still a long way off.
Researchers claim that it has been around for years.
Researchers claim that most growing doctors just extend their office hours.
Researchers claim that the back of the tongue is a major source of bad breath.
Researchers claim that there are coded messages hidden within the Bible.
Researchers claim the use of fragrances results in a positive psychological impact.
Researchers claim they have found documentary evidence tracing it to first-century Jerusalem.
Researchers claim they reproduce so their offspring become more resistant to parasites.
Researchers claim to have discovered bacteria-like structures within the Martian meteorite.
Researchers classify pens as high, medium or low prevalence.
Researchers clone the tomato gene coding for enzymes responsible for ripening.
Researchers coat microscopic pellets of gold or tungsten with DNA that has the desired trait.
Researchers collaborate with scientists from around the world.
Researchers collaborate with several affiliated groups on and near the campus.
Researchers collect anenomes and fluids surrounding hydrothermal vents.
Researchers collect blood from wild and captive elephants for hormone analysis.
Researchers collect data, but so do parents.
Researchers collect fecal samples.
Researchers collect gas samples.
Researchers collect important information.
Researchers collect individuals.
Researchers collect information.
Researchers collect many kinds of information on tornadoes by going into the field.
Researchers collect samples.
Researchers collect sperm samples.
Researchers collect subject's detailed, written descriptions of recent dreams.
Researchers collect the larvae when most of the yolk sac has been absorbed.
Researchers come down on both sides.
Researchers come from a diversity of perspectives and disciplines.
Researchers come from a variety of departments.
Researchers come from all over the world to use our collections.
Researchers come from all over to study the history of our community design.
Researchers come from all parts of North America, and an increasing number from abroad.
Researchers come from far and wide to use the library which is open to the public at no charge.
Researchers come from the leading ranks of academic science in Oregon.
Researchers come to the museum to study the technical and artistic facets of textiles.
Researchers come up with more on Nazis and friends.
Researchers commonly cite general intelligence, g , as a cause of high correlation between tests.
Researchers commonly use chicks, mice and rats when they study bone growth and development.
Researchers commonly use several.
Researchers commonly work in either crystal growth or processing.
Researchers communicate their findings in three main ways.
Researchers compare characteristics.
Researchers compare effects.
Researchers compare samples.
Researchers compare the control group to the treatment group.
Researchers compare treatment group results with control group results.
Researchers complete demonstrations.
Researchers complete more consultations per work session.
Researchers conclude postoperative radiotherapy poses many risks for adults with brain cancer.
Researchers conclude that a gap exists between knowledge and practice.
Researchers conclude that children who have separation anxiety demonstarate common traits.
Researchers conclude that fragrances cause frequent respiratory symptoms in individuals with asthma.
Researchers conclude that increased rates of externalizing behaviors is due to genetic background.
Researchers conclude that nearly all patients find family visitation to be helpful.
Researchers conclude that smoking is the biggest risk factor for heart attack in young women.
Researchers conduct analyses.
Researchers conduct blood tests.
Researchers conduct censuses.
Researchers conduct clinical studies for the benefit of future patients.
Researchers conduct computer simulation.
Researchers conduct experiments.
Researchers conduct extensive tests on corn and soybean herbicides.
Researchers conduct grazing studies with cow-calf pairs, weanlings and yearling steers and heifers.
Researchers conduct many studies to find the best site for a nuclear power plant.
Researchers conduct similar experiments.
Researchers conduct simulation.
Researchers conduct studies and produce complex analysis consisting of text, tables and charts.
Researchers conduct tests.
Researchers conduct trials.
Researchers conduct weekly surveys on the shopping habits of set panels of thousands of households.
Researchers conduct work in swine, beef, sheep, horses, turfgrass, poultry, and entomology.
Researchers conducting projects provide information to families and answers parents' questions.
Researchers confirm perceptions.
Researchers confirm student perceptions.
Researchers confirm that cycles of segregation grow deeper between the races as people age.
Researchers confirm the characteristics of youth that bear on a person's competency.
Researchers confirm the presence of zebra mussels in Geneva Lake.
Researchers consider analyses based on such a response rate highly reliable.
Researchers consider diagnoses.
Researchers consider it to be a cancer-causing virus.
Researchers consider it to be the most adaptable for cosmetic purposes.
Researchers consider outcomes.
Researchers consist of students, faculty, and outside scholars and musicians.
Researchers consistently find a higher rate of sexual abuse in borderline patients.
Researchers contend that a lack of leadership has kept the system from reaching enough youths.
Researchers continually develop new varieties that are more resistant to diseases and insects.
Researchers continually look for ways to extend treatment.
Researchers continue investigations.
Researchers continue searching for clues to explain chronic fatigue syndrome.
Researchers continue searching for new ways to manage pests.
Researchers continue to analyze poll results.
Researchers continue to ask questions about the drug.
Researchers continue to break new ground.
Researchers continue to examine the complexities of schoolwide programs.
Researchers continue to examine the components of plants in their search for new medicines.
Researchers continue to explore new methods.
Researchers continue to explore the full effects of postnatal alcohol on nursing infants.
Researchers continue to explore the subject.
Researchers continue to investigate and debate the effectiveness of chondroitin sulfate.
Researchers continue to investigate new ways of treating lung cancer.
Researchers continue to investigate the cause.
Researchers continue to investigate the interactions of phytochemicals naturally present in food.
Researchers continue to look at the genetics in an attempt to identify the cause.
Researchers continue to look for additional treatments, and for effective vaccines.
Researchers continue to look for better ways to diagnose and treat cancer of the esophagus.
Researchers continue to look for more effective treatments.
Researchers continue to make advances in wound healing and infection control.
Researchers continue to make great strides in understanding and treating depression.
Researchers continue to make important contributions to the literature.
Researchers continue to monitor nesting trends and reproductive success.
Researchers continue to monitor side effects and treatment results in different groups of people.
Researchers continue to refine the formula for optimum muscle glycogen repletion.
Researchers continue to search for a cure.
Researchers continue to search for new and better ways to treat congestive heart failure.
Researchers continue to search for other genes involved in breast cancer and other cancers in women.
Researchers continue to search for other ways.
Researchers continue to seek answers on why three times as many women as men have migraines.
Researchers continue to strive to capture on tape some evidence of survival after death.
Researchers continue to study hormone therapies to see if they are linked to health risks.
Researchers continue to study how fish react to anode and cathode charges.
Researchers continue to study the aerodynamic behavior of wind turbines.
Researchers continue to study the causes of lung cancer and to search for ways to prevent it.
Researchers continue to study the effectiveness of the recommended approaches.
Researchers continue to study the effects, both positive and negative of ketogenic diets.
Researchers continue to study the feeding habits of flatbacks.
Researchers continue to study the health benefits of garlic.
Researchers continue to study the long-term effects of methamphetamine use.
Researchers continue to study the problem.
Researchers continue to study the relationship between a soy-rich diet and female hormones.
Researchers continue to study their population dynamics, foraging behavior, and physiology.
Researchers continue to study whether hormone replacement therapy can help reduce cardiac risk.
Researchers continue to test a number of other drug treatments in Canadian clinical trials .
Researchers continue to test a number of other drug treatments in Canadian clinical trials.
Researchers continue to try to determine the best amount of iron for infant formula.
Researchers continue to try to unravel the mysteries of arthritis while finding new treatments.
Researchers continue to work and expand efforts in the area of tobacco economics.
Researchers continue to work for the development of new laser methods to be used in angioplasty.
Researchers continue to work on a variety of new biotech crops.
Researchers continue to work on ways to transplant or replace pancreatic tissue to treat diabetes.
Researchers continue today to benefit from their labor.
Researchers contribute their findings via Internet, the global computer network.
Researchers contribute to advancement.
Researchers contribute to articles.
Researchers contribute to breakthroughs.
Researchers contribute to current knowledge.
Researchers contribute to knowledge.
Researchers control many aspects of a simulation.
Researchers convey that the warp is caused by the gravitational pull of an unseen planet.
Researchers coordinate activities.
Researchers counter, almost all animals are covered under some kind of lab standards already.
Researchers create a quick way to pattern nanostructures on thin films .
Researchers create an identical twin monkey by splitting embryos.
Researchers create chemical compounds in laboratory simulation of interstellar conditions.
Researchers create databases.
Researchers create electronic circuit that mimics the brain's circuitry .
Researchers create glass within a glass .
Researchers create grate patterns.
Researchers create it in laboratory.
Researchers create new languages to express computational processes unambiguously and succinctly.
Researchers create patterns.
Researchers create the first transgenic animal, inserting a viral gene into the DNA of a mouse.
Researchers criticize response to killer algae.
Researchers cross the great divide between the laboratory and the product line.
Researchers currently believe that some process causes inflammation and blockage of the bile ducts.
Researchers currently know a lot about genistein and daidzein because they are easy to obtain.
Researchers currently recommend eight to nine.
Researchers currently rely on a surprisingly low-tech method for judging clarity.
Researchers debate the mechanisms of sexual first-aid.
Researchers decide how to administer the treatment and how much is safe to administer.
Researchers deduce that the appendix has the ability to protect good bacteria in the gut.
Researchers define access in terms of utilization rates .
Researchers define activities.
Researchers define handedness based on different theoretical assumptions.
Researchers define long-term care as the care of an individual with a chronic condition.
Researchers define sexual activities.
Researchers demonstrate capacity.
Researchers demonstrate infection.
Researchers demonstrate occurrences.
Researchers depend on primary sources when they are conducting their research.
Researchers depend on their interest, creativity, imagination and logic.
Researchers depend upon previous work to expand the knowledge base on any research frontier.
Researchers deplore the effects of tracking and special classes for the gifted and talented.
Researchers describe advances in cellular studies and search for biomarkers of aging.
Researchers describe advances in cellular studies and the search for biomarkers of aging.
Researchers describe impact.
Researchers describe molecular systems on three strategic levels.
Researchers describe positions.
Researchers describe progress.
Researchers describe psoriasis as an autoimmune skin disorder.
Researchers describe the first carnivorous plant known to prey on protozoa.
Researchers describe the lowest-cost alternatives for standard construction practices.
Researchers deserve to do their work without intimidation and fear of midnight marauders.
Researchers detail study results and also suggest ways to eliminate the problem.
Researchers determine areas.
Researchers determine effectiveness.
Researchers detonate the charge from a remote blind when the birds are actively feeding on the bait.
Researchers develop a new vaccine for genital herpes.
Researchers develop approaches.
Researchers develop high quality, disease resistant flax, field pea and bean varieties.
Researchers develop hybrids of plants to adapt to many adverse conditions.
Researchers develop ideas.
Researchers develop methodologies.
Researchers develop methods.
Researchers develop monitoring system for roads, waterways .
Researchers develop new ideas.
Researchers develop pest management strategies.
Researchers develop reproduction techniques.
Researchers develop several approaches.
Researchers develop specific regimens for each variety to achieve the best quality.
Researchers develop strategies.
Researchers develop tastier low-fat cheddar .
Researchers develop techniques.
Researchers develop technology.
Researchers develop the ability to isolate genes.
Researchers develop theories.
Researchers develop tool to analyze 'nature's carriers' .
Researchers develop transparent metals.
Researchers develop types.
Researchers diagnose problem situations and recommend solutions.
Researchers die at ages.
Researchers differ on exactly what constitutes optimal and high levels of homocysteine.
Researchers dig up the biggest bird ever.
Researchers direct a highly focused beam of light into the eyes of subjects.
Researchers directly attribute the drop to lower prices.
Researchers disagree about the dependence or tolerance of long-term users.
Researchers disagree about the original owner and construction date of the ordinary.
Researchers disagree about whether a similar vaccine is appropriate for human use.
Researchers disagree as to whether large doses of vitamin C cause kidney stones.
Researchers disagree on how early people begin developing close friendships.
Researchers disagree on how effective harping on health consequences is with teens.
Researchers disagree on how much shaking or force causes brain damage.
Researchers disagree on just how much electricity is used by information technology.
Researchers disagree on the association between the menopause and an increased risk of depression.
Researchers disagree on where Australia's Aborigines originated.
Researchers disagree on whether smaller class sizes boost student achievement.
Researchers disagree over home schooling's effects on academic achievement and social development.
Researchers disagree over how helpful sleep disturbances can be as a predictor of depression.
Researchers disagree whether the two symptoms can be told apart visually.
Researchers discover a gene responsible for colon cancer.
Researchers discover a gene responsible for sacral agenesis , a defect in spinal development.
Researchers discover a helpful side of pain .
Researchers discover a new protein that acts like cocaine when released in the rat brain.
Researchers discover additional details.
Researchers discover adult stem cell that can transform itselfinto nearly any organ in the body .
Researchers discover advantage.
Researchers discover an easier way to make a complex but useful molecule .
Researchers discover body chemical that fights TB microbe.
Researchers discover breathe patterns.
Researchers discover details.
Researchers discover differences.
Researchers discover effects.
Researchers discover evidence.
Researchers discover feel-good spot for nicotine.
Researchers discover fossils of tiny, thumb-length primates .
Researchers discover gene that regulates 'good' cholesterol.
Researchers discover how the anthrax bacteria kills people.
Researchers discover importance.
Researchers discover many men use their phones to attract amorous attention.
Researchers discover mates.
Researchers discover mechanical properties.
Researchers discover methods of finding the documentation that has resulted.
Researchers discover new protein in leptin pathway.
Researchers discover patterns.
Researchers discover potent way to grow new blood vessels in the heart to bypass clogged arteries.
Researchers discover potential.
Researchers discover prime example of mathematicians' love.
Researchers discover properties.
Researchers discover results.
Researchers discover that men and women use different parts of their brain to hear.
Researchers discover the antibiotic properties of sulphonamides.
Researchers discover trends.
Researchers discover ways.
Researchers discover why certain people are at risk for developing alzheimers early.
Researchers discuss aspects.
Researchers discuss concentration.
Researchers discuss DNA-repair genes .
Researchers discuss possibility.
Researchers discuss the issues of heritage, property, and nationality.
Researchers dispute the role of genistein in preventing and treating specific types of cancer.
Researchers dive in the Romanian cave, carefully exploring the unusual species.
Researchers divide melodies into at least six components.
Researchers do agree on some predictions.
Researchers do agree that hormones play some role.
Researchers do analyses.
Researchers do experiments.
Researchers do have a variety of choices in the notetaking process.
Researchers do it with control.
Researchers do know that about four times more men than women commit suicide.
Researchers do know that improvement seems to follow in families.
Researchers do know that more people are deficient than currently appreciated.
Researchers do know that sharks and rays are some of Earth's oldest fish.
Researchers do know that vitamin C is an antioxidant.
Researchers do recommend a good, balanced diet for people with arthritis.
Researchers do the same with ecosystems.
Researchers document absence.
Researchers document causes.
Researchers document conditions.
Researchers document environmental conditions.
Researchers document presence.
Researchers document reductions.
Researchers don t always agree with one another.
Researchers don t have to worry about patents unless they re trying to commercialise something.
Researchers don t know exactly why regular use of beans in the diet benefits health.
Researchers don t know exactly why the technique has an effect on health.
Researchers don t know the exact cause of celiac disease.
Researchers don t want to lose glassware.
Researchers draw broad conclusions from studies of large groups of people.
Researchers draw conclusions.
Researchers draw firm conclusions.
Researchers draw on all the findings and try to reach some overall conclusion.
Researchers draw similar conclusions.
Researchers dream of such a heavily connected network of data and ideas.
Researchers elsewhere are dubious of the work, which has yet to be peer-reviewed.
Researchers emphasize that there's a big difference between allergies and food intolerance.
Researchers emphasize the advantage of the multi-functional properties of the drug.
Researchers employ a broad range of methods in studies of preferences and utilities.
Researchers employ a variety of anatomical, physiological, and computer simulation techniques.
Researchers employ in experiments.
Researchers employ laser deposition techniques.
Researchers employ techniques.
Researchers engage in intense programs that include data collection, analysis, and writing.
Researchers enjoy bitter taste of success.
Researchers enjoy discussions very much.
Researchers enter keywords in a left-hand frame to see a list of matching titles and articles.
Researchers enter the classroom, hoping to make young students familiar with their work.
Researchers envision a new doctorate for a changing work world.
Researchers establish a baseline for understanding net primary productivity.
Researchers establish arid conditions.
Researchers establish conditions.
Researchers establish more arid conditions.
Researchers estimate ages.
Researchers estimate density.
Researchers estimate distribution.
Researchers estimate effects.
Researchers estimate emergence.
Researchers estimate five percent of American adults take calcium supplements.
Researchers estimate impact.
Researchers estimate more than half of all infants are placed in a baby walker at some point.
Researchers estimate numbers.
Researchers estimate one million fish over two feet in length or larger on the lower Columbia.
Researchers estimate only one in five teachers regularly uses a computer in the classroom.
Researchers estimate that about five to six percent of the general population is addicted to sex.
Researchers estimate that asthma is twice as common in the inner city in comparison to other areas.
Researchers estimate that more two million American adults have atrial fibrillation.
Researchers estimate that mosquitoes have been responsible for half the deaths in human history.
Researchers estimate that one and a half to three million women are beaten each year.
Researchers estimate that one quarter of greater Cincinnati's population is of Appalachian descent.
Researchers estimate that the horseshoe crab population continues to decline along Delaware Bay.
Researchers estimate that there are more telephones in New York City than in all of rural Asia.
Researchers estimate the cost of bentonite treatment at half the cost of calcium chloride treatment.
Researchers estimate the strength by studying damage accounts.
Researchers estimate there are about a million such rocks total.
Researchers estimate three million women in their child-bearing years are using it.
Researchers estimate time.
Researchers evaluate aging, thermal fatigue, mechanical fatigue, and creep on solders.
Researchers evaluate blood samples.
Researchers evaluate characteristics.
Researchers evaluate effects.
Researchers evaluate methods.
Researchers evaluate new products and methods of controlling diseases, insects and weeds.
Researchers evaluate reproductive characteristics.
Researchers evaluate samples.
Researchers evaluate the samples for genetic potential to enhance future wheat lines.
Researchers evaluate trees for ozone injury.
Researchers even consider Greek mythology to stay ahead of enemy technological advances.
Researchers even expect to find changes in the park's plant life as declining elk graze less.
Researchers even have a running bet over how many human genes there really are.
Researchers eventually compare the results of different treatments in hundreds of patients.
Researchers eventually hope to develop anti-oxidant pills that protect brain cells.
Researchers examine a new role for dystrophin to seal tears in muscle cell membranes.
Researchers examine differences.
Researchers examine documents, including probate inventories, to see who was a woodworker.
Researchers examine documents, including probate inventories, to see who was the woodworker.
Researchers examine domain structures.
Researchers examine drivers capabilities and limitations behind the wheel.
Researchers examine each others' results.
Researchers examine effects.
Researchers examine factors.
Researchers examine how existing practices can foster certain weaknesses.
Researchers examine issues.
Researchers examine major factors.
Researchers examine mechanisms for the adverse effects of environmental toxicants and drugs.
Researchers examine offspring.
Researchers examine shoe prints of footprints for a number of characteristics.
Researchers examine side benefits of chiropractic treatment .
Researchers examine sites.
Researchers examine structures.
Researchers examining ethical behavior in organizations also deploy the exchange mechanism.
Researchers expect further improvements.
Researchers expect further reductions as instrumentation becomes more sophisticated.
Researchers expect the artificial heart to save thousands of lives when it becomes available.
Researchers expect the device to be distributed for use in about five years.
Researchers expect the first prototypes to be ready within the next five to ten years.
Researchers expect the list of susceptible species to keep growing.
Researchers expect the number of female users to continue to grow.
Researchers expect to ask questions about health, behavior, development and family life.
Researchers expect to be able to market sex determination commercially within a couple of years.
Researchers expect to begin using the laboratories next semester.
Researchers expect to find more Christian artifacts.
Researchers expect to finish early next year.
Researchers expect to greatly increase that.
Researchers expect to have preliminary results in about six months.
Researchers expect to have some answers in another year or two.
Researchers expect to pinpoint many more detectors in the near future.
Researchers expect to produce the final sequence of the chromosomes over the next several years.
Researchers expect to release preliminary findings by as soon as the end of the month.
Researchers expect to soon have a immunization against the dangerous West Nile virus.
Researchers expect to work with several major corporations based in central New York.
Researchers explain purposes.
Researchers explore distribution.
Researchers explore factors.
Researchers explore theories behind chronic fatigue syndrome.
Researchers expose infants to a mild stress by separating then from their mothers for a few minutes.
Researchers face difficulties when trying to establish figures for the current population.
Researchers face limitations.
Researchers face other challenges as well.
Researchers face practical problems trying to measure homelessness and locate the homeless.
Researchers face the added challenge that epigenetic changes are transient by nature.
Researchers face the formidable task of reducing the high mortality of microscopic marine larvae.
Researchers fault obesity as the main cause of the rise.
Researchers favor Chinese evergreens, English ivy, spider plants and gerbera daisies, among others.
Researchers feed rats.
Researchers feed the results into a computer and look for trends.
Researchers feel conditions.
Researchers feel money squeeze .
Researchers feel stymied.
Researchers feel that the systematic and deliberate method is best.
Researchers feel treatments.
Researchers figure that part of the problem is that parents are buying helmets that are too large.
Researchers fill out call slips and request materials at the retrieval desk.
Researchers filter incoming air, then add back specific concentrations of ozone.
Researchers find a culprit.
Researchers find a pair of breast cancer genes.
Researchers find a viral symbiont of a protozoan parasite increases virulence to the human host.
Researchers find ability.
Researchers find analyses.
Researchers find ancient mammal remains.
Researchers find answers.
Researchers find arthritis gene in mice.
Researchers find attributes.
Researchers find behavior.
Researchers find bibliographic references, full text articles, websites and more.
Researchers find black cats affect health has the details.
Researchers find boom sound.
Researchers find breast cancer suppressor gene.
Researchers find breeds.
Researchers Find Bullying Increasingly Violent.
Researchers find chances.
Researchers find characteristics.
Researchers find communities.
Researchers find compound growth.
Researchers find conclusions.
Researchers find diets.
Researchers find enzyme that helps cancerous tumors grow.
Researchers find estimations.
Researchers find evidence for cause of ancient global warming.
Researchers find examples.
Researchers find exposure.
Researchers find genetic materials.
Researchers find glass.
Researchers find glass-eating microbes at the rock bottom of the food chain .
Researchers find growth.
Researchers find hormone causes a loss of weight.
Researchers find ideas.
Researchers find impact.
Researchers find improvement.
Researchers find information.
Researchers find intake.
Researchers find it difficult to draw accurate boundaries around rural areas.
Researchers find it difficult to pinpoint cause and effect.
Researchers find key to spurring methane conversion .
Researchers find large volumes of bacteria and viruses discharged into ports worldwide.
Researchers find link for estrogen's power to protect the brain .
Researchers find magnitudes.
Researchers find materials.
Researchers find misspelled names on almost all census and tax records.
Researchers find new way to disrupt resistant colony-forming microbes.
Researchers find new ways to prolong and improve lives.
Researchers find nuclear genetic materials.
Researchers find nuclear materials.
Researchers Find out about the people whose research materials are listed on the biodiv.net site.
Researchers find participants.
Researchers find participation.
Researchers find phenomena.
Researchers find places.
Researchers find plants.
Researchers find policies, principles and documents related to gender issues.
Researchers find problems.
Researchers find promise in using stem cells from adults to generate into damaged organs.
Researchers find relate information.
Researchers find results.
Researchers find rushing objectionable.
Researchers find shiny stuff.
Researchers find similar results.
Researchers find solutions.
Researchers find sound.
Researchers find stuff.
Researchers find subjects.
Researchers find substances.
Researchers find syndromes.
Researchers find tasks.
Researchers find techniques.
Researchers find that depressed women have decreased bone mineral density.
Researchers find that downsizing can adversely affect employee's health.
Researchers Find that Glaucoma is a Disease of the Eyes and the Brain.
Researchers find that moms and dads are equally sensitive with newborns.
Researchers find that music can stimulate the same parts of the brain as food and sex.
Researchers find that plants are more versatile than petroleum.
Researchers find that X-efficiency appears to vary substantially across banks.
Researchers Find The 'North Pole' Of The Molecular World .
Researchers find things on the periphery of an answer as useful as a definitive answer.
Researchers find trends.
Researchers find use.
Researchers find warming waters melting glaciers.
Researchers find yaks.
Researchers flush out an important cancer gene with a new set of tools .
Researchers fly over shorelines to track the effects of erosion.
Researchers focus attention on inertia tree shakers to harvest tree fruit for processing and drying.
Researchers focus attention.
Researchers focus investigations.
Researchers focus on brainstem regions.
Researchers focus on Earth s response to hypervelocity impacts.
Researchers focus on engaging the body's immune system to seek and destroy malignant cells.
Researchers focus on regions.
Researchers focus on sources.
Researchers follow lead.
Researchers follow participants.
Researchers form the fifth group.
Researchers further report equivalent pain and swelling one day postop.
Researchers gain increased exposure to potential clients.
Researchers gather data, communicate techniques, offer alternatives.
Researchers gather information for movie writers.
Researchers gather information from the Internet to use in the show.
Researchers gather intelligence on the age and gender of Asian toads to aid eradication efforts.
Researchers gather reams of information on each of several hundred hybrids on multiple test plots.
Researchers gather to present and discuss their most recent results in an informal setting.
Researchers gather two very different sets of information during the course of any excavation.
Researchers generally consider power calculations to be difficult.
Researchers generally manufacture their own extracts from varying species and plant parts.
Researchers generally view price hikes as the single best way to cut teen smoking.
Researchers generate new approach to working with laser light .
Researchers genetically engineer hybrid seeds, for example, to maximize crop yields.
Researchers get answers.
Researchers get approval.
Researchers get consent.
Researchers get different results depending on the search engine used.
Researchers get federal reprimand.
Researchers get grant to battle bioterrorism.
Researchers get little reward for publishing in print journals.
Researchers get more complete answers.
Researchers get permission.
Researchers get results instantly.
Researchers get the benefit of immediate customer feedback to further enhance their project.
Researchers give a breakdown of the type, age, sex and income of who pass certain sites daily.
Researchers give consideration.
Researchers give subjects.
Researchers give thoughtful consideration.
Researchers glance at magnetic surfaces with synchrotron x rays.
Researchers glean out what they can and present it as well as they can.
Researchers grow different tissues in the laboratory by manipulating stem cell environments.
Researchers guess the bears found ways of ridding themselves of the uninvited eavesdropping devices.
Researchers hail carotid testing.
Researchers harness brain power to control jets.
Researchers have (part) arms.
Researchers have (part) body substances.
Researchers have (part) cell membranes.
Researchers have (part) cells.
Researchers have (part) corpi.
Researchers have (part) cytoplasm.
Researchers have (part) heads.
Researchers have (part) human bodies.
Researchers have (part) legs.
Researchers have (part) material bodies.
Researchers have (part) necks.
Researchers have (part) nuclei.
Researchers have (part) personality.
Researchers have (part) plasma membranes.
Researchers have (part) sections.
Researchers have (part) vacuoles.
Researchers have a clearer idea about the end product, however.
Researchers have a few theories why the disorders appear to be linked.
Researchers have a good answer for that.
Researchers have a great deal of power in reporting on what others have said.
Researchers have a long list of worries.
Researchers have a multitude of classifications and subclassifications to choose from.
Researchers have a right to conduct their experiments free from fear and threats of violence.
Researchers have a very low salary and they are obliged to look for the other jobs.
Researchers have access to most archives and can rely on the archivist's help.
Researchers have access to the library and slide collection.
Researchers have access to the master library file for searching.
Researchers have an easy access to huge numbers of individual life histories in different contexts.
Researchers have an impressive track record for creating new and useful technology.
Researchers have answers.
Researchers have benefits.
Researchers have big plans for future applications of gene targeting.
Researchers have chances.
Researchers have extensive experience at moving solids around within their equipment and processes.
Researchers have faculty status in biomedical engineering and orthopaedic surgery.
Researchers have for some time used on-line databases to search for information.
Researchers have hard time.
Researchers have hearts.
Researchers have high hopes for the emerging cell technologies.
Researchers have hopeful new evidence that early teaching can increase chances for a normal life.
Researchers have hopeful news about children of divorce and remarriage.
Researchers have knowledge.
Researchers have little idea what causes it.
Researchers have locations.
Researchers have long divided freshwater and saltwater habitats.
Researchers have long dreamt of developing vaccines against it, so far without success.
Researchers have lots of time to ponder variables and test ideas.
Researchers have more questions than answers.
Researchers have never even read the overwhelming majority of documents such as letters.
Researchers have no difficulty accepting a universe in which space itself is curved.
Researchers have no evidence that babies inherit normal sleep patterns from their parents.
Researchers have no explanation.
Researchers have no information on how to grow black cohosh from seeds.
Researchers have only enough to test on mice.
Researchers have opportunity.
Researchers have other material to draw on, of course.
Researchers have plenty of time to develop new antibiotics.
Researchers have priority.
Researchers have proof.
Researchers have purposes.
Researchers have ready access to photographic, computer, electronic and workshop facilities.
Researchers have senses.
Researchers have several theories about what went wrong.
Researchers have show the hGH therapy can directly impact immune function.
Researchers have simulations.
Researchers have solutions.
Researchers have some answers.
Researchers have some surprising answers.
Researchers have subjects.
Researchers have success.
Researchers have the additional option of limiting searches to either English or Spanish titles.
Researchers have the freedom to investigate and report the results of their research.
Researchers have the right to appeal the restriction of any document in the library's holdings.
Researchers have the use of convenient microfilm reading devices with photocopying capability.
Researchers have the wonderful opportunity to do some ground breaking work.
Researchers have theories for the rise, but no one knows exactly why it is happening.
Researchers have time.
Researchers have to apply to view the documents, and the waiting list is currently five months long.
Researchers have to be reviewed for the continuation of research.
Researchers have to breakdown amounts and start spending according to the categories.
Researchers have to check for themselves.
Researchers have to cope with a number of issues that tend to complicate studies of WMSDs.
Researchers have to depend mainly upon their import.
Researchers have to examine the genome one region at a time.
Researchers have to look at a variety of factors.
Researchers have to look much deeper to find out.
Researchers have to open lots of eggs to find just one embryo.
Researchers have to sign a visitor's book with each visit to the reading room.
Researchers have to take risks and be willing to fail in order to find what works.
Researchers have to test alternative materials for building and coating the implant.
Researchers have to trust that previ- ous investigators performed the work as reported.
Researchers have to trust that previous investigators performed the work as reported.
Researchers have to use journals to spread word of their work and make an impact academically.
Researchers have two additional means to monitor data quickly.
Researchers have two new viruses in their sights.
Researchers have two options for recovering illegible information.
Researchers have yet to agree about why some individuals seem particularly prone to the injury.
Researchers have yet to crack the code on the reasons cell growth spins out of control.
Researchers have yet to determine the cause but have developed a number of theories.
Researchers have yet to determine the origin of the disease.
Researchers have yet to directly link the animal findings to humans.
Researchers have yet to establish a link between smoking and suicide or spousal abuse.
Researchers have yet to figure out exactly how the longer gene affects behavior.
Researchers have yet to figure out why.
Researchers have yet to focus much of their attention on the cold part of the cycle.
Researchers have yet to fully characterize the problem.
Researchers have yet to learn what causes the disease.
Researchers have yet to mount the barricades.
Researchers have yet to pinpoint exactly how most epilepsy drugs prevent seizures.
Researchers have yet to provide a classic definition for love.
Researchers have yet to uncover the underlying cause, but a number of theories prevail.
Researchers have, if anything, tended to excess in attributing diseases to smoking.
Researchers haven t yet discovered a cure for colds or the flu.
Researchers haven t yet pinpointed what causes ovarian cancer.
Researchers hear stories.
Researchers help develop the first successful treatment for sickle cell anemia.
Researchers help instruct visitors in rainforest ecology and the challenge of conservation.
Researchers helping each other is one of the best tools available.
Researchers here investigate phenomena in geology, chemistry, physics, and biology.
Researchers hold patents for seven production techniques and have applied for several others.
Researchers hope drugs can be devised to accomplish the same thing for other cancers.
Researchers hope that by treating the bacterium they can cut the risk of stomach cancer.
Researchers hope that someday cloned organs can reduce that cost substantially.
Researchers hope that stem cells can grow into tissues or possibly complete organs for transplants.
Researchers hope that the study encourages people with diabetes to increase their fiber intake.
Researchers hope that their new findings have implications for the general population.
Researchers hope the new understanding of cell death can lead to improved cancer-fighting drugs.
Researchers hope to achieve similarly dramatic results in humans next.
Researchers hope to answer two questions through their work.
Researchers hope to answer what they call some crucial questions for virtual community designers.
Researchers hope to be able to conduct clinical trials in a few years.
Researchers hope to build on that success with the TxCOT program.
Researchers hope to change that by adding concentrated-like essences of some flavors.
Researchers hope to compile an index so that tire dumps can be prioritized for cleanup.
Researchers hope to determine how well the medication is tolerated, absorbed and metabolized.
Researchers hope to determine if environmental contaminants increase the risk of breast cancer.
Researchers hope to determine precisely what immune response the vaccine combination triggered.
Researchers hope to determine the role tomato products and lycopene play in disease prevention.
Researchers hope to develop animals that have bigger litters and birds that lay more eggs.
Researchers hope to develop ways to cause selected benefits of estrogen in the brain.
Researchers hope to discover approaches to dealing with gangs that can be adapted by other tribes.
Researchers hope to expand the database to include information for other regions of the state.
Researchers hope to expand the use of the immune system to fight cancer in the future.
Researchers hope to find a permanent solution for getting rid of mildew, given time.
Researchers hope to find an answer.
Researchers hope to find the sources and dates of the clippings.
Researchers hope to gain insight into how digital texts impact teaching, research, and learning.
Researchers hope to get permission soon to test it on humans.
Researchers hope to have a commercially available test for genetic reflux within a few years.
Researchers hope to have some integrated models within three years.
Researchers hope to identify all the genes that play a role in human disorders.
Researchers hope to identify evidence of lung regrowth.
Researchers hope to increase that to five hundred pixels to make the image sharper.
Researchers hope to inject gene carriers into the bloodstream.
Researchers hope to lead students into virtual reality.
Researchers hope to learn what it is about families and communities that help children thrive.
Researchers hope to match certain vocalizations with particular movements.
Researchers hope to model and find out why women carriers are protected from showing symptoms.
Researchers hope to one day be able to induce regeneration in humans .
Researchers hope to one day be able to induce regeneration in humans.
Researchers hope to prove that early steroid use reduces advancement of the disease.
Researchers hope to save the Slough before it joins the ranks of California's other former wetlands.
Researchers hope to see how families have responded to changes in welfare policies and systems.
Researchers hope to soon expand their research to include a more racially diverse population.
Researchers hope to speed up rebuilding by planting sea grasses.
Researchers hope to tease out the reasons for the gender differences as the study progresses.
Researchers hope to then gauge the size of the nucleus with powerful telescopes.
Researchers hope to uncover contributing factors behind A. flavus outbreaks, such as wind.
Researchers hope to use cloned pigs for replacement human organs in the future.
Researchers hope to use the micro-robots to repair equipment in nuclear and thermal plants.
Researchers hope to use the technique to learn the natural history of mosquito-borne viruses.
Researchers hope to work with a pharmaceutical company to conduct further studies.
Researchers hope within a year to begin testing the drugs on humans.
Researchers host online chats, where kids are more apt to talk openly about personal matters.
Researchers hypothesize that brains containing fewer receptors are less sensitive to everyday joys.
Researchers identify a herpes virus responsible for kaposi's sarcoma.
Researchers identify activities.
Researchers identify antibiotic compounds.
Researchers identify areas.
Researchers identify battle wounds.
Researchers Identify Chlorobenzene Bug.
Researchers identify compounds.
Researchers identify conditions.
Researchers identify factors.
Researchers identify genes that are regulated by the hormone leptin .
Researchers identify genetic flaw linked to form of colon cancer.
Researchers identify issues.
Researchers identify pathways.
Researchers identify patterns.
Researchers identify regions.
Researchers identify three types of women arrested for domestic violence.
Researchers identify wounds.
Researchers implement services.
Researchers include compression.
Researchers increasingly focus on pain's emotional side.
Researchers increasingly illustrate the critical link between student outcomes and teacher quality.
Researchers indicate that the largest predictor of the disease in kids is obesity.
Researchers inject a harmless, radioactive form of glucose into a person's bloodstream.
Researchers inject dye into neurons of interest and allow the dye to spread through the axon.
Researchers insist it s all a farce.
Researchers intend to find out.
Researchers internationally agree the usual number of treatments is between eight and sixteen.
Researchers interview parents.
Researchers invent bone healer, but a patent issue arises.
Researchers investigate a broad range of biological tools for control of insect pests.
Researchers investigate activity patterns.
Researchers investigate one puzzle and accidentally solve a totally different problem.
Researchers Investigate our on-line collections directly and link to related information.
Researchers investigate patterns.
Researchers investigate responses.
Researchers investigate selective fishing methods that can be applied on commercial fishing boats.
Researchers investigate whether the risk of schizophrenia increased as paternal age increased.
Researchers is available in hard-copy, and in electronic form .
Researchers isolate the gene for a protein on the surface of a virus.
Researchers join forces.
Researchers join researchers.
Researchers join teams.
Researchers judge nearly one- quarter of the programs to be of high quality.
Researchers keep mice.
Researchers keep personal notebooks to record their ideas, meetings, and experiments.
Researchers keep rats.
Researchers knock out, or mutate, genes they believe to be responsible for a microbe's virulence.
Researchers know a lot about genistein and daidzein because they are easy to obtain.
Researchers know less about the long-term outlook for people with bulimia.
Researchers know little about natural terrestrial movement of sloths.
Researchers know of at least one gene within an intron in rice.
Researchers know of existence.
Researchers know some areas are polluted, but the extent has yet to be determined.
Researchers know that ageing can be slowed by reducing the number of calories taken in to the body.
Researchers know that alcohol and diet are important factors in cognitive function.
Researchers know that as humans age, their immune systems weaken.
Researchers know that calcium is involved in the production of prostaglandins.
Researchers know that chemicals which behave like oestrogen can cause health problems.
Researchers know that even slight contamination can result in a sensitivity.
Researchers know that exposure to some chemicals causes leukemia.
Researchers know that finding prospect news on the Web is one of the toughest searches.
Researchers know that good dental health is a sign of good overall health.
Researchers know that it is essential to feel that one is part of a scholarly community.
Researchers know that many teens pierce and tattoo themselves because it s the cool thing to do.
Researchers know that melatonin alters certain physiological features of the sleep cycle.
Researchers know that men in industrialized countries are less fertile than they used to be.
Researchers know that mental acuity declines with sleep deprivation.
Researchers know that people make cortisol and other hormones in times of stress.
Researchers know that psychological stress can alter the level of certain hormones.
Researchers know that some types of colic have higher survival rates than others.
Researchers know the key to finding the right answer is to ask the right question.
Researchers know the prostate produces a thick fluid that forms part of semen.
Researchers know too that the health risks associated with smoking are dose sensitive.
Researchers largely attribute the drop in heart disease among women to blood pressure improvements.
Researchers launch solo, a robotic sensor able to measure carbon concentrations.
Researchers learn and practice EMDR protocols in order to test the method fairly.
Researchers learn behavior.
Researchers learn growth.
Researchers learn how anthrax toxin kills, search for antidote is on.
Researchers learn to be patient.
Researchers learn to evaluate material critically rather than to accept it without evidence.
Researchers learn which approaches are more effective than others.
Researchers link a portion of the brain to ringing in the ears.
Researchers link coffee to arthritis.
Researchers link gene to sleeping.
Researchers link mercury toxicity with disease.
Researchers link sarcoma to new virus.
Researchers living and working in Antarctica have to deal with extreme conditions.
Researchers look at activity patterns.
Researchers look at experimental systems, numerical simulations and direct application of theory.
Researchers look at impact.
Researchers look at manure management as something outside of the production system.
Researchers look at numbers.
Researchers look at patterns.
Researchers look at several cancers, including breast and prostate cancers and melanomas.
Researchers look at size.
Researchers look at strength and fracture behaviour in a wide range of alloys and composites.
Researchers look for broken ends or splintered pieces to take samples.
Researchers look for cluster headache causes They attack without warning.
Researchers look for pandas.
Researchers look for the best metaphor to describe the Internet.
Researchers look for ways.
Researchers look to nitric oxide to treat cancer.
Researchers look toward a cure.
Researchers look up source materials at computer terminals rather than card-catalog file drawers.
Researchers looking at historic and modern groups also have the benefit of written information.
Researchers looking for genes typically run multiple tests to find a single gene.
Researchers love DNA chips because they give a huge amount of information, fast, at low cost.
Researchers love tailor-made mice.
Researchers maintain the right to use all submissions while maintaining respondents' anonymity.
Researchers make an appointment with the librarian who is a subject specialist in their topic area.
Researchers make breakthroughs.
Researchers make conclusions.
Researchers make discoveries.
Researchers make follow conclusions.
Researchers make great strides.
Researchers make key genome public on the Internet .
Researchers make low-cholesterol milk.
Researchers make major discoveries.
Researchers make nerve cells from bone marrow.
Researchers make predictions.
Researchers make progress.
Researchers make reasonable suggestions.
Researchers make routine.
Researchers make several suggestions.
Researchers make startle discoveries.
Researchers make strides.
Researchers make suggestions.
Researchers make surprise discoveries.
Researchers make themselves vulnerable if they concentrate only on one activity or one enterprise.
Researchers make tremendous breakthroughs.
Researchers make use of a variety of advanced analytical modelling and experimental methods.
Researchers map out the mutated gene to find the location of the mutations.
Researchers mark one leaf with a notch to help keep track.
Researchers marvel at the complex form of sustainable agriculture that the ants practice.
Researchers measure decomposition in a forest.
Researchers measure effects.
Researchers measure learning using high-tech tools.
Researchers measure responses.
Researchers meet less frequently, but publish their thinking.
Researchers meet many dead ends while carefully tracking birth, death, and marriage records.
Researchers meet to recollect and critique their experience.
Researchers meeting with collaborators or funding agencies can utilize the conference room.
Researchers merely fill in a few functions and allow the system's drones to do the rest.
Researchers mistakenly create killer virus.
Researchers monitor and evaluate patients receiving experimental gene therapies.
Researchers monitor effects.
Researchers monitor levels.
Researchers monitor manatees by using tracking devices.
Researchers monitor pandas to help ensure their survival.
Researchers monitor program changes and fiscal developments.
Researchers monitor the activity of the bacteria by measuring how much light they emit.
Researchers monitor the firing rates of many cells at the same time.
Researchers monitor the health of participants throughout the program.
Researchers monitor the treatment with a flexible scope.
Researchers monitor trials.
Researchers monitor wildlife and vegetation communities to look for change in their populations.
Researchers much reflect on their own purpose and politics as they affect the knowledge process.
Researchers need copies.
Researchers need samples.
Researchers need tissue samples.
Researchers needing to search the Internet for scientific literature now have another option.
Researchers needs women self-identified as survivors of ritual abuse for interviews.
Researchers never know.
Researchers never look for similarities between male and female brains and bodies.
Researchers normally require the doctoral degree as a minimum.
Researchers note it appears to increase cerebral blood flow and thus oxygen and glucose utilization.
Researchers note that attitudes toward euthanasia and assisted suicide are changing.
Researchers note that diets in the latter group contained less meat and dairy products.
Researchers note that how people barbecue affects the risks.
Researchers note that patients had a disease especially suited for the treatment.
Researchers note that the definition of racial stress is influenced by individual factors.
Researchers note that they often eat more and grow faster than noncolicky babies.
Researchers note the death of trees in a coastal forest due to sea level rise.
Researchers note the herb stimulates the central nervous system.
Researchers note the importance of integrating language development with science learning.
Researchers note the improvement was seen within five months of beginning treatment.
Researchers note the procedure also corrects malformation of the brain.
Researchers now agree that diet is considered a major weapon against cancer.
Researchers now announce that the answer is yes.
Researchers now are able to locate, identify, and describe the function of many human genes.
Researchers now believe that a similar process occurs in atherosclerosis.
Researchers now believe that an animal-based diet actually draws calcium out of bones.
Researchers now believe that it is principally the feces of dust mites that trigger allergies.
Researchers now believe that some adult cells probably retain their imprints throughout development.
Researchers now believe that the condition can be inherited from either side of the family.
Researchers now believe warm ocean temperatures feed hurricanes.
Researchers now believe yo-yo dieting can have a detrimental effect on the heart.
Researchers now camp at cramped tables next to noisy microfiche machines.
Researchers now can identify genes that predict several kinds of cancers.
Researchers now consider broad clinical processes as whole units.
Researchers now estimate that half of all antibiotics prescribed by doctors are unnecessary.
Researchers now fear that excessive use of antibiotics leads to new strains which resist treatment.
Researchers now find that line of thinking flawed.
Researchers now find the research context shifting, often unpredictably.
Researchers now have a better understanding of the changes in the brain that occur with addictions.
Researchers now have a good . . .
Researchers now have a real understanding of bacterial genomes.
Researchers now have access to a wide range of Internet functions and media.
Researchers now have access to the collection via images on the web.
Researchers now have confirmation that cancer arises from polyps over a period of five to ten years.
Researchers now have evidence about what happens next, thanks to the new genetic analysis.
Researchers now have the ability to link to images within the text of Westlaw documents.
Researchers now have the capability to directly request subjects via the Web.
Researchers now have the lengthy process of determining how each gene works.
Researchers now have to test green tea in humans.
Researchers now hope to develop an effective treatment for it.
Researchers now know memory is more malleable.
Researchers now know that acid rain causes slower growth, injury, or death of forests.
Researchers now know that asparagus belongs among the list of foods that contain inulin.
Researchers now know that asparagus nutrition can help maintain a healthy pregnancy.
Researchers now know the genetic code for the gene that causes the formation of limonoid glucoside.
Researchers now note several reasons why mass media communication is limited.
Researchers now realize that cells employ sugars for a variety of purposes.
Researchers now recognize that the Earth operates as a system with one part impacting the other.
Researchers now say that activity throughout the day is cumulative and has a positive effect.
Researchers now say that by far the greatest numbers are in the subsurface, soil and oceans.
Researchers now say they'll be able to grow decaffeinated beans fright from the get-go.
Researchers now sequence the DNA of specimens and compare it to that of modern individuals.
Researchers now speak of nitrergic nerves alongside the other categories.
Researchers now suggest a link between osteoporosis and bone loss in the jaw.
Researchers now think that dyslexia represents the low end of a continuum of reading ability.
Researchers now think that sleep apnea also can trigger significant heart problems.
Researchers now think that the excess nitrogen is diminishing biological diversity in some areas.
Researchers now understand family violence better than ever.
Researchers now work collaboratively within a single research program.
Researchers now work on customers' expressed business needs.
Researchers observe areas.
Researchers observe behavior.
Researchers observe cases.
Researchers observe classrooms, conduct interviews, and talk to teachers and parents.
Researchers observe effectiveness.
Researchers observe effects.
Researchers observe evidence.
Researchers observe inflammation.
Researchers observe levels.
Researchers observe that the energy fields surrounding our world are changing.
Researchers obtain a colour code by comparing the soil colour to one of the pages in the book.
Researchers obtain permission.
Researchers obtain the individual's written permission if individual identification occurs.
Researchers occasionally encounter a measurement problem that has no obvious solution.
Researchers occupy the true middle ground.
Researchers offer a number of ideas, such as block scheduling and four-year advisory programs.
Researchers offer a number of reasons for test anxiety.
Researchers offer four progressive staged processes for the formation of gay identity.
Researchers offer insight about navigating through broadband service crossroads.
Researchers offer no guarantees.
Researchers offer several explanations for their surprising findings about rewards and performance.
Researchers offer suggestions for improving parent education and support programs.
Researchers only hear it when they are handling the toad.
Researchers operate many scientific instruments and view and analyze data acquired in real-time.
Researchers participate in numerous clinical trials to test the effectiveness of new therapies.
Researchers participate in transmissions.
Researchers participates actively in the participants life.
Researchers pass experiments.
Researchers pay attention.
Researchers pay more attention.
Researchers perform experiments.
Researchers place a radio collar on a whitetail as part of an ongoing urban deer research project.
Researchers place cardboard rings containing marked pupae in fields where they emerge as moths.
Researchers place samples inside a drilled ceramic holder which fits inside the octahedral hole.
Researchers plan a similar study on women, who express anger differently.
Researchers plan at least three studies to examine different aspects of the illness.
Researchers plan free global preprint archive.
Researchers plan in the future to also include school absences.
Researchers plan to conduct further analyses and longitudinal studies in the future.
Researchers plan to determine the families' reasons for refusal in future studies.
Researchers plan to do a similar analysis at the city level.
Researchers plan to Extend the study to include the rate of soot deposition on the cylinder walls.
Researchers plan to follow the children's health through puberty.
Researchers plan to have four groups of subjects view each tape.
Researchers plan to operate the system on a test track and city route and collect and evaluate data.
Researchers plan to raise the birds for re-release in the wild.
Researchers plan to revisit the area to attempt to find a breeding population.
Researchers plan to see if they can suppress nitric oxide production in the voles with a drug.
Researchers plan to start whole-organ clinical trials in the next two to three years.
Researchers plan to study the fishes' ear bon es, or otolists, to determine the age of the fish.
Researchers plan to study three areas of memory and learning.
Researchers plan to talk with interviewees in two and four years to chart their college success.
Researchers plan to test the contents for their exposure to space.
Researchers plan to test the idea that washing roots causes more harm than soaking roots in water.
Researchers plan to treat the subjects for a minimum of one year.
Researchers play a critical role in both basic science and clinical investigation of the disease.
Researchers play a vital role in preservation.
Researchers point out a potential pitfall in chastity pledges.
Researchers point out differences.
Researchers point out methods.
Researchers point out that at best praise is a weak reinforcer.
Researchers point out that it is misleading to believe that natural is safer.
Researchers point out that simple minded differencing rather than detrending can bear poor results.
Researchers point out that training in cultural sensitive is important for social service providers.
Researchers point out there are risks associated with the treatment.
Researchers point to a number of reasons for the success of small schools.
Researchers point to a number of state policies for the low rates.
Researchers point to a revolutionary, and insulting, theory.
Researchers point to Europe's superior bicycling infrastructure.
Researchers point to several key factors.
Researchers point to South Texas' sunny, semi-tropical climate and rich, fertile soil.
Researchers ponder appropriate guidelines for research uses of tissue removed from a person's body.
Researchers ponder the role of early testing.
Researchers post graphs and analyses for discussion during telephone meetings across time zones.
Researchers postulate the role of gender differences in dopaminergic function.
Researchers predict phenomenal growth for online advertising.
Researchers predict that commercial use of the tiny fuel cells is two to five years away.
Researchers predict that the optical wireless transport market is poised for explosive growth.
Researchers predict the completion of the bundled Linux software three to four months from now.
Researchers prefer someone with mild asthma.
Researchers prefer to research with computer models, or by involving the astronauts directly.
Researchers prepare a box core sediment sampling device to make measurements off the coast of Peru.
Researchers prepare a manatee for release.
Researchers prepare charts and graphs to include in research proposals.
Researchers prepare data and reports for analysts to use in their recommendations.
Researchers prepare data and reports for consultants to use in their recommendations.
Researchers prepare to remove tarp from weather measuring instrument.
Researchers prepare to tag a juvenile lemon shark.
Researchers present evidence.
Researchers primarily blame torrential rain.
Researchers probe cell-phone effects .
Researchers probe what makes people passionate.
Researchers produce a healthier rice.
Researchers profit by having their discoveries put to use.
Researchers propose hypotheses.
Researchers propose novel solutions.
Researchers propose solutions.
Researchers propose theories.
Researchers propose using a belt system to collect and dry manure.
Researchers prove past cooling trend caused by move from forests to agriculture.
Researchers provide background information and challenge questions.
Researchers provide descriptions.
Researchers provide engineering, system installation, follow-up assistance, and training.
Researchers provide examples of commonly faced problems and solutions.
Researchers pry into schizophrenia s stubborn secrets.
Researchers publish a paper indicating that a highly touted treatment is no better than placebo.
Researchers publish and debate.
Researchers publish first report on secondhand smoke.
Researchers publish news.
Researchers publish paper.
Researchers pump an airborne sample through a tube into the heart of the microwave plasma source.
Researchers pursue a cheaper way of designing and fabricating computer chips.
Researchers pursue advance degrees.
Researchers pursue degrees.
Researchers question agency power, secrecy, and lack of due process.
Researchers question drug for chronic fatigue syndrome .
Researchers question whether biological or environmental factors are to blame.
Researchers race toward new discoveries.
Researchers raise possibility.
Researchers rally to rebuild stocks.
Researchers reach the canopies by climbing with ropes or by using cranes, dirigibles, or rafts.
Researchers realize necessity.
Researchers receive patents.
Researchers recognize effects.
Researchers recognize members.
Researchers recognize size.
Researchers recognize the benefits of prior knowledge as adaptive to survival.
Researchers recommend a revised approach to diagnosing heart attacks .
Researchers recommend a sedative for dehorned cows followed by a local anesthetic.
Researchers recommend anger management for women who suppress their emotions.
Researchers recommend more daily physical activity to reduce risk of premature death.
Researchers recommend people change their diet and most of all relax, for the ironing board stomach.
Researchers recommend pill vitamin E supplements instead.
Researchers recommend policy changes in enrollment procedures to overcome such barriers.
Researchers recommend several strategies.
Researchers recommend that additional testing be conducted.
Researchers recommend that in vitro fertilization be used instead to treat infertility.
Researchers recommend that people modify their diets as they age to reduce the net acid loads.
Researchers recommend that sites be resubmitted quarterly at the very least.
Researchers recommend that the dose of rifabutin be cut in half when taken with indinavir.
Researchers recommend that the relaxation techniques be combined with traditional drug therapies.
Researchers record details of experiments in notebooks.
Researchers record effects.
Researchers record term effects.
Researchers record the calls and videotape the elephants at the same time.
Researchers regularly add to the list of known soy products.
Researchers regularly consult the rich collection of Ohio genealogical and local history resources.
Researchers regularly find that recruiting patients is the hardest part of any trial.
Researchers rely heavily on ecologically appropriate bioassays that parallel field situations.
Researchers rely on a type of shorthand to represent the different alleles of a gene.
Researchers rely on camera traps and fecal samples to gauge health and behavior.
Researchers rely on editorial scholarship to expand the horizons of their own work.
Researchers rely on educators, who rely on taxonomists, who rely on industry, and so on.
Researchers rely on electrofishing units to coax ammocoetes from their muddy homes.
Researchers rely on observations.
Researchers rely on the data grid to support all aspects of data access and data manipulation.
Researchers remain divided over the effects of marijuana before and during pregnancy.
Researchers remain unsure about why the hormone preparation causes tumor cells to die.
Researchers remain unsure as to why the hormone preparation causes tumor cells to die.
Researchers remain unsure just what components of herbs are responsible for their different effects.
Researchers repeat experiments.
Researchers repeat procedures.
Researchers repeatedly caution against simple explanations for youth murder.
Researchers report a technique to grow well-aligned carbon nanotubes on glass.
Researchers report a technique to pry open buckyballs.
Researchers report activities.
Researchers report being able to fix only the periphery of the tissue block.
Researchers report breakthrough.
Researchers report compliance.
Researchers report consumption.
Researchers report dry matter intake.
Researchers report evidence for lasing without inversion.
Researchers report high outdoor radon concentrations in Iowa, Minnesota.
Researchers report how babies respond to nurturing and learn languages.
Researchers report intake.
Researchers report it was unclear why the immune response disappeared.
Researchers report many more children are receiving medications for psychiatric disorders.
Researchers report matter intake.
Researchers report most migraine sufferers seem super-sensitive to even the slightest touch.
Researchers report movement patterns.
Researchers report observations.
Researchers report on four cases involving patients who became pregnant while taking the medication.
Researchers report on gene mutation associated with rare form of diabetes .
Researchers report on wolf with broken snare.
Researchers report patterns.
Researchers report people who prefer wine also prefer a more heart-friendly diet.
Researchers report phenomena.
Researchers report preference.
Researchers report promising results from a preliminary animal test of a brain cancer vaccine.
Researchers report success in method to pick baby's sex.
Researchers report that cigarette advertising influences kids to start smoking.
Researchers report that companies are seeking consulting services now more than ever.
Researchers report that curiosity is important for success in school.
Researchers report that memory-enemy number one is our ludicrous lifestyle.
Researchers report that one mature night crawler can produce several hundred offspring in one year.
Researchers report that the brief glitch had no scientific impact on the experiment.
Researchers report the dangers of pesticides can start as early as fetal stages of life.
Researchers report two well-preserved skeletons of extinct primates found in a Brazilian cave.
Researchers request material by fully completing a call slip for each item requested.
Researchers require a steady and consistent supply for multiyear experiments.
Researchers require access to research policies that are relevant, clearly written, and accessible.
Researchers require comprehensive information and guidance, especially when submitting applications.
Researchers require information about how stakeholders use information.
Researchers require the same degree of training and knowledge.
Researchers restore vision in a mouse model of childhood blindness.
Researchers return to labs.
Researchers reveal details.
Researchers reveal important details.
Researchers reveal important new details.
Researchers review all volunteer applications to select the most appropriate volunteers.
Researchers routinely list the species used for vaccine production.
Researchers save data if it's interesting, valuable, or time-consuming to produce.
Researchers say a common cancer drug can also help eliminate the pain of sickle cell.
Researchers say a number of factors seem to affect male fertility as they grow older.
Researchers say a picture can be worth a million words.
Researchers say a quarter inch heel lift in each shoe can balance out the negative heel.
Researchers say a significant amount of people with asthma have abnormal breathing patterns.
Researchers say a single eel can quickly turn a five-gallon bucket of seawater into a slime pit.
Researchers say African-American men tend to develop prostate cancer at a younger age.
Researchers say age is also an important determinant.
Researchers say antiangiogenesis holds extraordinary potential.
Researchers say antioxidants strengthen blood vessel walls.
Researchers say anxiety disorders are relatively common in children.
Researchers say at higher doses, that s possible.
Researchers say avoid deer mice.
Researchers say becoming a good calcium role model can benefit mothers as well as daughters.
Researchers say besides the medical improvements, there is also a cost savings.
Researchers say bicyclists who drink are less coordinated and take more risks.
Researchers say biotech feed has no effect on animals.
Researchers say birds living in the park are suffering from continual genetic damage.
Researchers say bypass surgery can be of special benefit to elderly patients.
Researchers say cheating is on the rise.
Researchers say chickens lay more eggs when music is playing.
Researchers say children are becoming too accustomed to violence.
Researchers say children learn very differently when using computers at home than they do in school.
Researchers say chocolate contains anti-oxidants, which fight cancer and keep arteries open.
Researchers say college-age drinking is down.
Researchers say colors can actually alter mood.
Researchers say commercialization for the biosensor is still some time away.
Researchers say copycat behavior extends far beyond youngsters and their schools.
Researchers say dental health can have a huge impact on overall health.
Researchers say driving while drowsy is as dangerous as driving drunk and maybe even worse.
Researchers say e-commerce opens a new sales channel for businesses.
Researchers say embryonic stem cells offer hope of life-saving breakthroughs.
Researchers say evidence of a warming earth building fast now.
Researchers say exercise and diet are still very important.
Researchers say fatty acids prevent glucose from metabolizing.
Researchers say few people experiment with other drugs without having tried marijuana first.
Researchers say few people experiment with other illicit drugs without having tried marijuana first.
Researchers say fiber influences body weight, blood pressure and cholesterol levels.
Researchers say fiber works by keeping insulin levels low, which in turn reduces the appetite.
Researchers say further investigation of baseball equipment is needed.
Researchers say genetic engineering is more reliable in preventing diseases a-mong livestock.
Researchers say girls now want to look like TV stars.
Researchers say halo CMEs almost always lead to magnetic storms at Earth.
Researchers say halo CMEs almost always lead to magnetic storms on earth.
Researchers say hormones seem to play a larger role in breast cancer.
Researchers say hospital treatment worked better for the more severely injured patients.
Researchers say human myoglobin is found only in the heart and skeletal muscle.
Researchers say irradiating beef can remove pathogenic microbes with no adverse impact on taste.
Researchers say it can be downright healthy for women to express their rage.
Researchers say it can capture cells from the entire surface of the cervix in a single application.
Researchers say it does seem to work quite well.
Researchers say it is a determining factor in why bright kids sometimes choose to under-achieve.
Researchers say it is about the same age, color and size as our sun.
Researchers say it is too early to discuss remedies for pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Researchers say it is unclear why fish changed the way they reproduce.
Researchers say it serves as protection from other fungi.
Researchers say it was the first capital of the ancient kingdom of Great Zimbabwe.
Researchers say it's better to use both.
Researchers say it's bias.
Researchers say it's chemical.
Researchers say it's clear that UV-B harms Antarctic microbes.
Researchers say it's important for doctors to know if their pregnant patients are snoring.
Researchers say it's one of the best strategies for fighting the blues.
Researchers say it's possible.
Researchers say it's remnants of marijuana.
Researchers say it's the best medicine yet for people fighting the cold.
Researchers say it's unclear why binge drinking is increasing among campus drinkers.
Researchers say lead-shot ban has saved millions of ducks Millions of waterfowl have been saved.
Researchers say levels return to normal when the baby is weaned.
Researchers say many coaches prefer traditional conditioning methods.
Researchers say many techniques work.
Researchers say massage can lower stress hormones and release tension.
Researchers say monthly injections of the drug triptorelin can dramatically cool a man's libido.
Researchers say more American kids are snacking, but eating fewer healthy snacks.
Researchers say more studies are needed to understand why the disease is re-emerging.
Researchers say more study is needed before such advising the treatment.
Researchers say more study needed but that they are potentially cancer causing.
Researchers say most people receive the most of their lifetime sun exposure during childhood.
Researchers say most pills have only one form of the nutrient and it can be harmful in large doses.
Researchers say most scooter-related injuries are preventable if proper protective gear is used.
Researchers say new technologies developed as a result of basic research require clinical trials .
Researchers say ondansetron appears to work by acting on serotonin.
Researchers say opera appeals to only a subset of the classical music audience.
Researchers say outbreaks can sometimes be stemmed with fast reassurances.
Researchers say parents shouldn t make food a battleground.
Researchers say patients overwhelmingly prefer the new device.
Researchers say pesticides only came into significant use in Kenya in the second half of last year.
Researchers say pregnant smokers can pass cancer causing agents to their unborn babies.
Researchers say pregnant smokers can pass cancer causing agents to their unbornbabies.
Researchers say regular exercise can help slow down osteoporosis.
Researchers say remedies have to begin as early as preschool.
Researchers say rising early no better than sleeping late.
Researchers say salting reduces auto accidents and fatalities.
Researchers say schools provide Internet access to their pupils in various ways.
Researchers say several factors contribute to the blood supply crisis.
Researchers say small schools can help.
Researchers say smoking is the leading avoidable cause of morbidity and mortality.
Researchers say solar winds are increasing, and when that happens, satellites fall down.
Researchers say some of the increase of such diseases are in gay and bisexual men.
Researchers say some species, such as gannets and guillemots, are guiltier than others.
Researchers say sonata is non-addicting.
Researchers say substances in black tea can kill bacteria and reduce acidity which harms teeth.
Researchers say that all the possible ways of blocking content had massive technical difficulties.
Researchers say that apx.
Researchers say that autism probably has a genetic base.
Researchers say that blood clots are highly unusual in young women.
Researchers say that both are due mostly to a decline in cigarette smoking among men.
Researchers say that contrary to that notion, women can pass the virus to other women.
Researchers say that current cloning technology is too primitive to efficiently clone humans.
Researchers say that getting workers to join in, however, is the hard part.
Researchers say that good social skills are critical to success and happiness.
Researchers say that hungry kids often act up in class and have trouble concentrating.
Researchers say that in spite of the way it looks, it is still ripe and safe for human consumption.
Researchers say that it can take several years.
Researchers say that leads to higher rates of skin cancer.
Researchers say that one of the hidden risk factors for bone loss is chronic depression.
Researchers say that shorter spurts of accumulated activity during the day are beneficial too.
Researchers say that sleep is being directly linked to quality of life.
Researchers say that sun exposure is associated with a decreased risk of breast cancer.
Researchers say that teachers of young children are more like guides.
Researchers say that the latest analysis confirms the enormous sacrifices shouldered by caregivers.
Researchers say that the level of glucose used by areas of the brain control impulses and attention.
Researchers say that the link between smoking and depression is well established.
Researchers say that the longer the teen smokes the worse the damage.
Researchers say that the only remarkable care for venomous bites are anti-venom injections.
Researchers say that the problems point to a very complex origin.
Researchers say that they gave each animal sufficient virus to kill a thousand rabbits.
Researchers say that they've found the cause.
Researchers say that when ingested, creatine energizes muscles.
Researchers say that, as a result, a number of excellent projects have lost their financing.
Researchers say that, by age fifteen, the virus stops shedding to others.
Researchers say that's leading many women with normal fetuses to undergo unnecessary amniocentesis.
Researchers say the addiction to nicotine is as hard or harder than a heroine addiction to overcome.
Researchers say the annual increase in population has virtually halted.
Researchers say the benefits to adult patients are obvious.
Researchers say the biggest additional risk factor was for fibromyalgia.
Researchers say the botox inhibits the nerve from communication with the muscle.
Researchers say the braces give support the legs no longer supply.
Researchers say the common painkiller appears to lower the risk of ovarian cancer.
Researchers say the crustaceans are vulnerable, like insects, to the effects of pesticides.
Researchers say the dearth of new birth control options is about to end.
Researchers say the disabled are a great, untapped human resource.
Researchers say the drug nicotine has benefits.
Researchers say the effects of global warming are cumulative.
Researchers say the event is a landmark in biology.
Researchers say the evidence linking panic to suicide is unmistakable.
Researchers say the findings have clear implications for the care of pregnant women.
Researchers say the findings indicate a significant gap between science and practice.
Researchers say the findings suggest a link between the stoves and respiratory problems.
Researchers say the grease prevents rust and adheres better to metal surfaces.
Researchers say the hatched chicks sounded like quail rather than chickens.
Researchers say the heart is no alien creation, however.
Researchers say the homeless live longer on Toronto streets than in U.S. cities.
Researchers say the impact is widespread.
Researchers say the income of all borrowers is steadily increasing.
Researchers say the intensive mating is required to stimulate ovulation in the female.
Researchers say the lack of academic rigor causes adolescents' increased alienation.
Researchers say the less medical intervention in back pain, the better.
Researchers say the live, attenuated vaccine is two to five years away from commercial use.
Researchers say the male human brain shrinks faster with age than the female brain.
Researchers say the middle stalls have the most visitors.
Researchers say the molecules is visible on medical imaging equipment.
Researchers say the more intensive the dietary counseling, the greater the compliance.
Researchers say the next step is to try to determine why the differences exist.
Researchers say the odor smells cheesy.
Researchers say the payoff starts even before students enter the work force.
Researchers say the people living in the area once used the lowland forests for cooking and heating.
Researchers say the picture is getting more and more complicated.
Researchers say the popularity of jackalope items stems from the creature's rare sightings.
Researchers say the procedure is safe and well tolerated by patients.
Researchers say the procedure is uncomfortable, and people undergoing it usually have to be sedated.
Researchers say the program examines about a dozen predictors of essay quality.
Researchers say the project is the last hope for the endangered animals.
Researchers say the proof is in the genes.
Researchers say the reduction in the risk of fractures was similar to the French study.
Researchers say the remaining question is just how long the benefits of the drug last.
Researchers say the results are cause for concern.
Researchers say the results show that breast feeding, especially for a prolonged time, pays off.
Researchers say the risk of mad cow disease among people in the United States is small.
Researchers say the salmonella bacteria are usually in the yolk or yellow.
Researchers say the solution seems to be effective in both breast augmentation and reconstruction.
Researchers say the song is a courtship display performed to attract a mate.
Researchers say the sounds have meaning.
Researchers say the stars are young, massive and ultra-bright.
Researchers say the statewide interest in alternative crops has grown.
Researchers say the study contains good news and bad news.
Researchers say the surgery can be used anywhere in the body a bone graft is needed.
Researchers say the technique has worked in a range of animals, from crayfish to guinea pigs.
Researchers say the technology offers more precision and speed than traditional plant breeding.
Researchers say the typical current Internet user is a white male.
Researchers say the very breadth of the typical U.S. curriculum precludes in-depth studies.
Researchers say the warp can be best explained as caused by the tug of an unseen planet.
Researchers say the words acted like drugs.
Researchers say their findings probably underestimate the true effectiveness of the drugs.
Researchers say their work shows it can be potentially dangerous to seek prescriptions over the web.
Researchers say there are a couple other factors why teens smoke.
Researchers say there are many things parents can do to help disabled children make friends.
Researchers say there are still more questions about the disease than there are answers.
Researchers say there are two forms of ergot poisoning - gangrenous and convulsive.
Researchers say there have only been three other mastodon fossils found in Colorado until now.
Researchers say there is no chance of the asteroid hitting Earth in the next few centuries.
Researchers say there needs to be better training and staffing.
Researchers say there s no single solution to the worsening problem of traffic jams.
Researchers say there's no single solution to the worsening problem of traffic jams.
Researchers say they are impressed with the high rate of complete remission.
Researchers say they are isolating tools for early diagnosis and treatment.
Researchers say they are just keeping themselves at optimal alertness.
Researchers say they are working on human trials now.
Researchers say they have been frustrated by the limited public response to their findings.
Researchers say they have discovered how anthrax destroys cells and causes rapid death.
Researchers say they have found a new use for a drug traditionally given to people with depression.
Researchers say they have had success in animals.
Researchers say they have never seen such big and healthy animals.
Researchers say they have seen no dangerous side effects from the treatment.
Researchers say they have successfully developed a hepatitis vaccine in tobacco plants.
Researchers say they hear similar stories coming out of Cambodia and Thailand.
Researchers say they hope to provide a living environment more like china' s climate.
Researchers say they hope to provide a living environment more like china's climate.
Researchers say they indicate a pattern of weather periods both wetter and drier than today.
Researchers say they know surprisingly little about how vaccines work.
Researchers say they now know what causes high-blood pressure in expectant mothers.
Researchers say they see no sign that patients get hooked on the patch.
Researchers say they understand the skepticism.
Researchers say they're buoyed by their discoveries.
Researchers say they're on the way.
Researchers say they've found evidence of a physical difference between lesbians and straight women.
Researchers say they've got a new device that prevents the reblockage of arteries.
Researchers say to expect more ozone loss in the near future, though.
Researchers say when exposed to black tea, certain bacteria lose their ability to produce acid.
Researchers say women taking the pill have fewer mood swings and far less bloating.
Researchers say worms once ruled the Earth.
Researchers say yes, if the child receives ten simple things shown to help children'sbrains develop.
Researchers say young girls in that country are increasingly worried about their weight.
Researchers search by case name or docket number to retrieve matching items.
Researchers search for ancient marine reptile remains.
Researchers search the site for projects that match their interests and skills.
Researchers see animals.
Researchers see atlantic walruses.
Researchers see compounds.
Researchers see differences.
Researchers see few easy solutions.
Researchers see gene link to violence but are wary.
Researchers see numbers.
Researchers see other advantages to their work.
Researchers see potential.
Researchers see reflections indicating where the rock types change.
Researchers see the possibility of using it in a nasal spray that can coat mucous membranes.
Researchers see trends.
Researchers see walruses.
Researchers seek a full understanding of the processes that go on within living cells.
Researchers seek an answer.
Researchers seek answers to questions.
Researchers seek careers.
Researchers seek effective, fast, clean coatings .
Researchers seek low-cost way to reduce water infiltration.
Researchers seek new road map for teaching.
Researchers seek organic solutions to symphylans problem.
Researchers seek participants without cancer for prevention trial.
Researchers seek to determine the optimal outcome in a particular situation.
Researchers seek to discuss how they cracked the music industry's piracy protection.
Researchers seek to remove errors from temperature records before looking for long-term trends.
Researchers seek ways.
Researchers seeking phased awards submit two applications at once.
Researchers seem to agree that they have a new phenomenon to explain.
Researchers seem to have found a way out by using genetically modified viruses.
Researchers select the confidence level in advance based on pre-testing and previous research.
Researchers select the specific alternative hypothesis using scientific logic.
Researchers separate learned intelligence from instinct.
Researchers serve industry , as well as answering academic questions .
Researchers serve industry, as well as answering academic questions.
Researchers share an ethical obligation which requires integrity in research.
Researchers share individual research plans and findings with partners having similar interests.
Researchers share information.
Researchers share research notes and bibliographic references with project collaborators.
Researchers share their early findings and look to the future.
Researchers share what's in store for the years to come.
Researchers show functions.
Researchers show how hepatitis infection leads to liver cancer.
Researchers show kids distilled, violent images that are devoid of any narrative context.
Researchers sieve sediments for benthic infauna.
Researchers sign a registration form that includes an agreement to abide by rules governing use.
Researchers slam adoptive parents and inspire the press to new lows, igniting tempers.
Researchers solve problems and offer support for workable solutions.
Researchers solve problems.
Researchers solve syphilis genome.
Researchers speak about a symbolic gender contract, although there is of course no written paper.
Researchers specialise in niche markets, often at each other's expense.
Researchers specialize in development.
Researchers specify a priori certain parameters of the matrices A and G to overidentify the model.
Researchers speculate it has to do with improved hormones in the mother cow.
Researchers speculate that a reduction in cortisol allows the immune system to spring back.
Researchers speculate that laughter triggers the release of endorphins, the brain's opiates.
Researchers speculate that laughter triggers the release of endorphins, the feel good chemical.
Researchers speculate that multiple interacting genes are involved.
Researchers speculate that the stress hormone cortisol can cause physical illness.
Researchers speculate that they breach to remove parasites such as barnacles from their bodies.
Researchers speculate the causes of eating disorders, considering several factors.
Researchers spend several days at a time underwater, doing long-term research.
Researchers spend too much time looking for mutated bad genes as the key to health.
Researchers stand next to their posters and answer questions.
Researchers stand to benefit financially through consulting contracts with sponsoring companies.
Researchers start attaching the transmitter as soon as there is light enough to see.
Researchers start putting DNA chips to the test.
Researchers state that the education of current and future teachers also needs to be revamped.
Researchers state that the risk of heart attack is the same in both populations.
Researchers state that the users of the patch did report higher amounts of facial hair and acne.
Researchers state there is a strong correlation between eating disorders and depression.
Researchers statistically assess liner bore surface texture variations.
Researchers step into a gondola at ground level, and are taken to their desired locations.
Researchers still await the study's offering for review or publication.
Researchers still debate if stories of dholes killing tigers are myth or truth.
Researchers still have only a dim idea of what prompts the bacterium to turn deadly.
Researchers still hope to one day find cancer s silver bullet .
Researchers store samples in a cooler containing ice.
Researchers stress that nuclear fusion has an almost unlimited potential to supply electricity.
Researchers strike a major blow against the potency of placebos.
Researchers strike other cautionary notes about marijuana's medical value.
Researchers strive to create a computer program that plays championship poker.
Researchers strive to discover new genes and new gene variants that enable the improvement of crops.
Researchers strive to make Illinois coal marketable.
Researchers strive to understand and conserve one of the most biologically diverse places on Earth.
Researchers struggle to find a cause for lipodystrophy.
Researchers study a wide array of disorders affecting the lungs and respiratory system.
Researchers study advance topics.
Researchers study and model order parameters, phase transitions, defects, and elasticity.
Researchers study animals.
Researchers study anything they want.
Researchers study aspects.
Researchers study bear mortality, reproductive rates, and population density.
Researchers study behavior.
Researchers study biological control for wheat crop threat.
Researchers study coots.
Researchers study demographics, health status, and educational and developmental progress.
Researchers study details.
Researchers study effectiveness.
Researchers study effects.
Researchers study habitats.
Researchers study how fire fingers slurp up fresh fuel.
Researchers study how trees affect forage production on rangelands.
Researchers study how water-borne pheromones control the reproductive behaviour of fish.
Researchers study impact.
Researchers study infants, young children, adolescents, adults, and the elderly.
Researchers study it, seeking a control.
Researchers study migration patterns for three primary reasons.
Researchers study patterns of cancer in the population.
Researchers study prairies to discover how to keep Texas' soil healthy and economically productive.
Researchers study situations.
Researchers study sustainable livestock production methods.
Researchers study the brain activity of animals to in turn understand the human brain.
Researchers study the brain tissue, which develops a spongy form in diseased animals.
Researchers study the chemical makeup of meteorites using an ion microprobe.
Researchers study the details of how crops and conservation tillage help warehouse carbon resources.
Researchers study the full range of natural disasters and technological hazards.
Researchers study the gases emitted from the volcano.
Researchers study the mouse's behavior to learn the function of the missing gene.
Researchers study the paths of persuasion that lead to victory.
Researchers study the way properties of materials can be radically altered under extreme pressure.
Researchers study topics.
Researchers study various aspects of soils, hydrology, vegetation, and biogeochemical flows.
Researchers study wild animals.
Researchers studying dreaming often use subjects who regularly have lucid dreams.
Researchers studying the extensive Mackenzie River Basin use the program.
Researchers studying the genetic structure of lung tissue cells is much more active in women.
Researchers studying wolves today observe the common traits shared by humans and wolves.
Researchers submit applications outlining their research project and funding requirements.
Researchers suggest a connection between Crohn's disease and dairy products and dairy farming.
Researchers suggest bacteria that cause periodontal disease pass though saliva.
Researchers suggest discoveries.
Researchers suggest energy.
Researchers suggest importance.
Researchers suggest moving the devices to a remote corner of the yard.
Researchers suggest natural changes in solar activity play a big role in global warming.
Researchers suggest patterns.
Researchers suggest periodontal disease can pass through saliva.
Researchers suggest putting a device called a defibrillator in more public places.
Researchers suggest that an infection introduces a viral protein resembling a beta-cell protein.
Researchers suggest that bacteria causing periodontal disease are passed though saliva.
Researchers suggest that in matters of the heart, employees take their cues from management.
Researchers suggest that more serious runners kick the habit because smoking hinders performance.
Researchers suggest that there are three pathways through which male youth develop problem behavior.
Researchers suggest that total global glaciation occurred three different times.
Researchers suggest theories.
Researchers suggest there is a connection between Crohn's and dairy products and dairy farming.
Researchers suggest women eat foods like skim milk or low-fat cheese.
Researchers support theories.
Researchers suspect a coyote kill.
Researchers suspect genetic cause for vaccine site sarcomas.
Researchers suspect one of two reasons for the phenomenon.
Researchers suspect protein helps by boosting insulin levels.
Researchers suspect that a black hole at the center of the galaxy is the root of all the activity.
Researchers suspect that another four or five dopamine-related genes also contribute.
Researchers suspect that asthmatic attacks generally occur at night.
Researchers suspect that happiness and a sense of purpose work to strengthen the immune system.
Researchers suspect that it has something to do with the pressure inside the nasal pharynx.
Researchers suspect that it is due to a combination of things.
Researchers suspect that serious pot-smoking for years can lead to cancer.
Researchers suspect that smoking reduces the back's blood supply and promotes disc degeneration.
Researchers suspect that substances in tea can mimic the effects of estrogen in protecting bones.
Researchers suspect that tannic acid has anti-viral properties.
Researchers suspect that the chemical lowers the risk of atherosclerosis.
Researchers suspect that there are several causes of cataract, such as smoking and diabetes.
Researchers suspect the clouds result from condensed water driven by convection.
Researchers suspect the corn gene has a counterpart in pine trees used in making paper.
Researchers suspect the root cause of bone loss in space is weightlessness.
Researchers suspect the therapy is especially effective on small or irregularly shaped tumors.
Researchers tackle search engine 'information overload .
Researchers take active roles.
Researchers take advantage.
Researchers take approaches.
Researchers take different approaches.
Researchers take exceptions.
Researchers take hypotheses.
Researchers take information.
Researchers take interest.
Researchers take measurements before aircraft and ground vehicles conduct their runway tests.
Researchers take measurements.
Researchers take notes.
Researchers take notice.
Researchers take on tasks.
Researchers take pictures of all whales sighted and catalog the pictures in large albums.
Researchers take roles.
Researchers take sample fish from three lakes.
Researchers take vibracore samples to examine sediments lying below the sea-floor.
Researchers talk about evidence.
Researchers talk about life's origin.
Researchers talk about something called the crisis triangle.
Researchers target unusual microbes, and are constantly expanding the inventory of such organisms.
Researchers tell how they get around the high cost of attending scientific conferences.
Researchers tell the artist what the numbers mean, and the artist puts it into a painting.
Researchers tend to assume the fundamentals and concentrate on more complex issues.
Researchers tend to overlook or ignore the effects of marking in their field studies.
Researchers tend to search for and use journals and books differently.
Researchers tend to think of data derived from raw data as different from original data.
Researchers tend to use software implementations almost exclusively.
Researchers test effects.
Researchers test features.
Researchers test for preattentive target detection by varying the number of distractors in a scene.
Researchers test hypotheses.
Researchers test management strategies.
Researchers test methods.
Researchers test preconditioning systems for cattle and screen animal health products and programs.
Researchers test scenarios.
Researchers test spices' germ-killing qualities.
Researchers test strategies.
Researchers test the role of diet in arthritis in certain ways.
Researchers test theories.
Researchers test various scenarios.
Researchers then add a mixture of fats, or lipids, to the beads and remove the detergent.
Researchers then add fluorescently tagged antibodies to the sample.
Researchers then assess whether the drug has a favorable effect on the condition.
Researchers then attach fluorescent labels to DNA from the cell they are studying.
Researchers then attempt to identify factors that determined who got sick.
Researchers then can study the nematode' reaction to potential drug candidates.
Researchers then capture the fish and examine it for injuries.
Researchers then chain together the CPU power from dormant machines to run intensive computations.
Researchers then collect the tag and the data.
Researchers then compensate the provider for the cost of tissue recovery.
Researchers then electroplate gold and cobalt metal to fill the holes in the pattern.
Researchers then evaluate the biomass loss due to fishing.
Researchers then explore whether the animal shows signs of self-recognition.
Researchers then gather data on the oscillations, or changes in the sample's shape.
Researchers then gather information on the oscillations, or changes in the sample's shape.
Researchers then harvest the protein from the sow's milk.
Researchers then inject a cloud of cooled electrons into the chamber.
Researchers then interview and negotiate employment terms directly with the research assistant.
Researchers then locate the radio collar and determine the cause of death for each grouse.
Researchers then measure the degree of similarity in the answers.
Researchers then measure the levels of lead and arsenic in the pigs' blood or urine.
Researchers then play recorded speech sounds.
Researchers then receive their book and article citation lists by either snail mail or email.
Researchers then study their interactions over months, days ,or minutes.
Researchers theorize that antioxidants contribute to good health by neutralizing free radicals.
Researchers theorize that humans naturally are inclined to use all or none of a particular muscle.
Researchers theorize that pollutants like dioxin and pesticides are at the root of the problems.
Researchers theorize that silybin stabilizes membranes, possibly by interfering with calcium influx.
Researchers theorize that the psychotropics affect the dopamine and norepinephrine levels.
Researchers theorize that they are the biochemical equivalents of our states of mind.
Researchers theorize that trauma or infection can trigger fibromyalgia, but have no proof.
Researchers theorize the improved performance was due to reduced glare on the computer screen.
Researchers there can watch the data change second by second on a computer screen.
Researchers there have a special focus on the solar cycle.
Researchers there study the marine ecosystem and society's impact on it.
Researchers there think they have identified the gene that causes anxiety and panic.
Researchers think combining medication and therapy probably works even better.
Researchers think it works by helping to normalize neurotransmitter levels in the brain.
Researchers think laughter produces blood changes that minimize allergic reactions.
Researchers think our memories are organized like a filing system.
Researchers think rogue waves form when opposing currents converge and focus wave energy.
Researchers think smoking contributes to the incidence of some types of cataracts.
Researchers think that a migraine begins with electrical and chemical disturbances in the brain.
Researchers think that folate helps protect against DNA damage.
Researchers think that glycan protects cell membranes, slowing the rate of drying.
Researchers think that our lack of 'quality sleep', contributes to the pain.
Researchers think that people's immune systems begin to fade when they get older.
Researchers think that posture helps cause that yip.
Researchers think that sleep arose to allow organisms to conserve and restore their energy.
Researchers think that the nurturing aspects of pet care give older people a sense of purpose.
Researchers think that the tendency to develop allergies is genetic.
Researchers think that they have no grasp of human language.
Researchers think that wild margays first reproduce when they are between one and two years of age.
Researchers think that's because walking helps boost the amount of oxygen reaching the brain.
Researchers think that's due to higher levels of a hormone that stimulates the release of eggs.
Researchers think the narwhals use echolocation to communicate as well as hunt.
Researchers think the results eliminate cerebellum dysfunction as a possible cause.
Researchers think the species originated in Africa many millions of years ago.
Researchers think their undoing is the water itself.
Researchers think there is some hereditary component to it related to the way the brain is wired.
Researchers think they are about to deliver some answers.
Researchers think they can control the process, and steer the cells' development.
Researchers think they have found a gene for language.
Researchers think they have now identified two specific microorganisms that trigger such disease.
Researchers to collect samples.
Researchers to collect sufficient samples.
Researchers to compare results.
Researchers to conduct experiments.
Researchers to conduct trials.
Researchers to develop methods.
Researchers to discuss overall results.
Researchers to discuss results.
Researchers to examine aspects.
Researchers to identify habits.
Researchers to learn about evolution.
Researchers to study effects.
Researchers to study problems.
Researchers track sea turtles through using satellite telemetry.
Researchers transfer DNA on the plate to pipettes where it replicates, making it easier to sequence.
Researchers travel to cities.
Researchers try to alter pig genes and then clone the modified pigs as a source of organs.
Researchers try to explain why recessions occur and why there is inflation.
Researchers try to unlock the ear ringing disorder's mysteries.
Researchers trying to develop drugs focus on figuring out why people get diseases.
Researchers turn bone marrow cells into nerve cells in lab.
Researchers turn human stem cells into heart tissue.
Researchers typically communicate their results through publication of journal articles.
Researchers typically create new knowledge by building upon the work of others.
Researchers typically have to call or write for the information they want.
Researchers typically use a computer program that randomly selects their samples.
Researchers typically write the abstract after they have finished writing the rest of the proposal.
Researchers uncover behavioral habits.
Researchers uncover dinosaur bones.
Researchers uncover evidence.
Researchers uncover genetic discrimination.
Researchers uncover habits.
Researchers uncover new information about anti- aging gene .
Researchers undergo rigorous federal screening before they receive government grants.
Researchers understand biochemical reaction.
Researchers understand complexity.
Researchers understand conditions.
Researchers understand drought conditions.
Researchers understand evolution.
Researchers understand reaction.
Researchers understand that all research continues.
Researchers unobtrusively observe the behavior of subjects as it occurs in a real social setting.
Researchers use a complex statistical procedure to compare intelligence correlations.
Researchers use a method called a residency scan.
Researchers use a range of tools to study and catalogue proteins.
Researchers use a trail of water vapor to study how air flows over the bike and the rider.
Researchers use a variety of scientific methods to assess sensitivities to climatic fluctuations.
Researchers use a variety of techniques to study the birds.
Researchers use a variety of tools to diagnose mild cognitive impairment, like memory tests.
Researchers use a variety of tools to solve textile puzzles hidden in quilts.
Researchers use advance image techniques.
Researchers use advance techniques.
Researchers use antibodies.
Researchers use approaches.
Researchers use archival records to find evidence of the past.
Researchers use artifacts as clues for studying peoples of the past and present.
Researchers use atomic microscopes.
Researchers use barbed-wire and other methods to snag hairs from bears in the wild.
Researchers use biology to come up with control techniques.
Researchers use cameras.
Researchers use CD-ROMs, the Internet, and books to find information.
Researchers use cloning technology to produce embryonic stem cell lines from adult mice .
Researchers use computers to manipulate data, and programmers use computers to manipulate programs.
Researchers use data from samples to generalize findings to a population.
Researchers use data retrieved from satellites to study the Earth's air, water, land, and biota.
Researchers use databases.
Researchers use devices.
Researchers use different gas mixtures depending on the task.
Researchers use different strategies.
Researchers use duplicate microfilms, rather than fragile originals, for their work.
Researchers use encyclopedias to acquaint themselves with an unfamiliar topic.
Researchers use experimental designs to make judgments about causes and effects.
Researchers use fetal tissue in pursuit of noble ends.
Researchers use for foods the words chemoprevention and chemoprotection.
Researchers use force microscopes.
Researchers use frameworks.
Researchers use functional magnetic images.
Researchers use functional magnetic resonance images.
Researchers use genetic engineering to combine the jellyfish glow with the yeast.
Researchers use high speed cameras.
Researchers use human research subjects.
Researchers use human subjects.
Researchers use image techniques.
Researchers use images.
Researchers use incentives to recruit and retain participants in the studies.
Researchers use indicators.
Researchers use indoor growth chambers to study plants, pests and diseases.
Researchers use information.
Researchers use instruments.
Researchers use it to record field notes or observations.
Researchers use light, typically lasers, to stop and cool atoms.
Researchers use link searches for conducting backward citations.
Researchers use long-handled landing nets to capture the fish.
Researchers use markers to locate and map gene locations.
Researchers use materials.
Researchers use metaphor to look at something unfamiliar in new ways.
Researchers use methods.
Researchers use microfiche copies of the originals.
Researchers use microscopes.
Researchers use millions of animals to produce antibodies by techniques that cause great suffering.
Researchers use modern technology.
Researchers use multipliers to estimate the direct and indirect impacts of the initial spending.
Researchers use our soil penetrometers and data logging equipment.
Researchers use phylogenetic methods.
Researchers use powerful microscopes.
Researchers use primary sources to explore, analyze and draw conclusions about the past.
Researchers use protocols.
Researchers use radio receivers to track pythons through the wilderness.
Researchers use radio telemetry as a means of tracking the movements of wolves remotely.
Researchers use records from long-term monitoring of migratory birds to detect population trends.
Researchers use records on microfilm when possible.
Researchers use resonance images.
Researchers use size and coloration to estimate relative ages of belugas.
Researchers use small pieces of DNA to map genes on chromosomes.
Researchers use social science subjects.
Researchers use speed cameras.
Researchers use standard reports to analyze the data.
Researchers use statistical methods.
Researchers use statistics to document their findings and support their conclusions.
Researchers use stem cells from rodents to repair nerve tissue.
Researchers use strategies.
Researchers use subjects.
Researchers use super-cool goo to dramatically slow speed of light.
Researchers use techniques.
Researchers use technology.
Researchers use the biomes to experiment on Earth systems on a relatively large scale.
Researchers use the data to do new science. . .
Researchers use the data to learn how to predict future changes in the world's climate.
Researchers use the database to try to determine which genes are linked to autism.
Researchers use the estimates for market research and segmentation.
Researchers use the estimates to benchmark the results from their own sampling operations.
Researchers use the facilities for free to study materials, energy and life.
Researchers use the information as an economic indicator.
Researchers use the information to evaluate trends and changes in populations of rare plants.
Researchers use the Internet for their work and communicating with colleagues.
Researchers use the mice as models for drug experiments.
Researchers use the microfilms only.
Researchers use the research diary as a tool to reflect on their research practices.
Researchers use the service for special product research and comparisons.
Researchers use the technology in their studies to learn more about drug addiction.
Researchers use the word 'consciousness' in many different ways.
Researchers use tiny bar codes to track bees in and out of hives.
Researchers use two approaches to measure the immune status of humans.
Researchers use types.
Researchers use unique approaches.
Researchers use various methods to calculate the trophic state of lakes.
Researchers use water scopes to locate mussels.
Researchers using frogloggers can record calls at many locations, and for long periods of time.
Researchers using it have to have sharp eyesight.
Researchers using the procedures set forth herein do so at their own risk.
Researchers ususally try to do work that has appeal and value to many different sorts of people.
Researchers utilize analyses.
Researchers vary according to subject area.
Researchers vary greatly in their methods of reporting and in what they provide their clients.
Researchers vary in their descriptions of a profession but common traits emerge.
Researchers verify the failure of schools to teach students how to take good notes.
Researchers vie to achieve a quantum-dot laser.
Researchers visit and work in both labs on the projects.
Researchers visit laboratories.
Researchers visit regions.
Researchers visit sites where they identify the hazards and map locations.
Researchers walking off the trails sometimes find fawns accidentally by nearly stepping on one.
Researchers want rats.
Researchers warm a painting using a low-wattage light bulb.
Researchers warn of lurking epidemic.
Researchers warn of magnesium poisoning.
Researchers warn that one quarter of the population has already been killed.
Researchers warn that the studies are still evaluating relatively new, small-scale systems.
Researchers warn that too many fatty acids in the body can trigger sudden death.
Researchers watch animals.
Researchers watch mice.
Researchers watch monkeys.
Researchers watch rats.
Researchers wear 'clean room gear' to assure that their samples are uncontaminated.
Researchers wear stereoscopic glasses to turn the projections into hologram-like images.
Researchers welcome evaluations.
Researchers welcome public comment about the studies.
Researchers Welcome researchers.
Researchers welcome the report.
Researchers welcome, by appointment.
Researchers work at universities.
Researchers work for many years.
Researchers work for years.
Researchers work in a variety of areas related to the teaching and learning of mathematics.
Researchers work in fields.
Researchers work in rather small communities and reputations spread.
Researchers work in small units which foster team spirit and mutual cooperation.
Researchers work on applications.
Researchers work on aspects.
Researchers work on problems.
Researchers work on real life projects.
Researchers work on relate problems.
Researchers work to eradicate broken hyperlinks .
Researchers work to increase their photo-identification catalogs for killer whales.
Researchers work together instead of in competition.
Researchers work up red snapper samples for diet, age, and growth studies.
Researchers work with butterflies.
Researchers work with community partners who have a real stake in the outcomes.
Researchers work with hawks.
Researchers work with patients.
Researchers work years.
Researchers working at private companies are ineligible for our funding.
Researchers working to make computers ever faster and smaller stumble across something big.
Researchers working with early church records face any number of obstacles.
Researchers write for other researchers.
Researchers write notes.
Researchers write paper.
Researchers always know they are receiving accurate search results.
Researchers often collect multiple observations from many individuals.
Researchers often come up with different prediction equations for the same device.
Researchers often complain other areas of science get far less funding.
Researchers often consult wills, but little else.
Researchers often examine fabrics with UV-visible spectro scopy, which uses light to determine dyes.
Researchers often find it difficult to access people from marginalised communities effectively.
Researchers often find little known papers and theses on our files.
Researchers often find the most documentation on a structure around the time of construction.
Researchers often have difficulty separating their culture from the culture they are studying.
Researchers often have programs that take an extremely long time to complete.
Researchers often have specialized needs, but some can be shared.
Researchers often mark wildlife in order to identify particular individuals across time or space.
Researchers often require relevant healthcare statistics.
Researchers often save cancer ous samples tissue and blood after surgery.
Researchers often segment the first two decades of life into five age periods.
Researchers often talk about the 'reinforcing' or 'rewarding' effects of smoking and drinking.
Researchers often underestimate the time taken to develop an optimal search strategy.
Researchers often use chi-squares to test nominal data.
Researchers often use meta-search engines when searching the 'Net.
Researchers often use multiple radius bands for detecting birds.
Researchers often use primary sources to understand past events but they produce secondary sources.
Researchers often use the correlation method of validating diet reports.
Researchers often use the results of statistical test to reject the null hypothesis.
Researchers often view variation as an enemy of statistics.
Researchers often work late into the night.
Researchers sometimes encounter data sets that consist of many curves.
Researchers sometimes judge an experiment by the p -value alone.
Researchers sometimes require details of a number of members of a family.
Researchers sometimes sign separately.
Researchers usually assess memory via recall, recognition, or relearning.
Researchers usually control for SES rather than examine it.
Researchers usually see only animals that die.
Researchers usually talk in terms of accepting or rejecting the null.
Researchers usually try to put their field experiments in representative areas in a field.
Researchers usually wants animals with certain uniform characteristics.
Researchers usually work in such areas as industry, government and education.
All researchers agree that studying infants' understanding of simple numbers is anything but easy.
All researchers are responsible for verifying the facts for themselves.
All researchers are subject to the regulations of the host institution.
All researchers are welcome to study the structural control benchmark problem.
All researchers are welcome to study the structural control benchmark problems.
All researchers are welcome to visit.
All researchers are welcome.
All researchers can say for sure is that it has happened a few times.
All researchers collect a set of references or citations.
All researchers complete a research application and present a photo identification.
All researchers have access to modern networked computers and access to email and the Internet.
All researchers have limitations no one knows all the latest research methods.
All researchers have scholarly obligations to their colleagues and coworkers.
All researchers make assumptions about their work.
All researchers welcome.
Any researcher has to stick to a theory to accomplish the tasks of research.
Any researcher working in Canada is eligible to apply.
Any researcher working in Switzerland is entitled to participate.
Every researcher brings their biases into the research setting.
Every researcher can easily identify animals mentioned in other work being read.
Every researcher has a different starting point and a different goal.
Every researcher has a potentially unique vision and contribution to make.
Every researcher has their own way of organizing findings and locating new information.
Every researcher is different.
Every researcher is encouraged to volunteer for five days during the prescribed burn season.
Many researcher now feel it has been a combination of several factors.
Many researchers actually base their entire careers on vivisection.
Many researchers agree that in some individuals tartrazine can cause hives, swelling, or asthma.
Many researchers agree that most individuals' viral load rebounds after stopping therapy.
Many researchers agree that much of what children learn, at an early age, is through television.
Many researchers agree that the primitive features in monotremes reflect an ancient origin.
Many researchers agree, speculating that food allergies affect joint symptoms.
Many researchers also believe that smaller is better, both in terms of class size and school size.
Many researchers also keep a printed copy of at least the first page of each useful Internet source.
Many researchers also make use of the Web to search for research materials .
Many researchers apply deformable models to enable feature based non rigid registration.
Many researchers apply to a number of agencies for support of research.
Many researchers are interested in studying online individual and group behavior.
Many researchers are interested in the phytoestrogen content of soy products.
Many researchers are international visitors with extended stays in Maryland.
Many researchers are members of editorial boards of leading international scientific periodicals.
Many researchers are now interested in how syntheses emerged between European and local culture.
Many researchers are sceptical of insolation as being a prime means for rock breakdown in deserts.
Many researchers are surprised that some of the species still exist.
Many researchers are uncomfortable dealing with people's pain and suffering.
Many researchers are upbeat about the prospects for eventually finding a vaccine.
Many researchers argue that global temperature change is already well under way.
Many researchers argue, however, that there is little or no empirical support for such a theory.
Many researchers attribute spurt to loss of adhesion at the wall.
Many researchers attribute the disparity to prejudice within tenure selection committees.
Many researchers believe an internal locus of control is more healthful than an external one.
Many researchers believe free radicals are the primary factor in the aging process.
Many researchers believe humans are the largest contributors to global warming.
Many researchers believe many incidences to be a result of cryptomnesia .
Many researchers believe that ADD is due to altered brain chemistry.
Many researchers believe that antioxidants fight cancer and other diseases.
Many researchers believe that automatic imitation is mediated by the mirror neuron system.
Many researchers believe that bipolar-illness is a hereditary disease.
Many researchers believe that environmental factors primarily cause cultural and ethnic differences.
Many researchers believe that fibromyalgia is an abnormality in the way the body handles pain.
Many researchers believe that it is the language of the future.
Many researchers believe that jumping evolved to help frogs to escape dinosaurs and other predators.
Many researchers believe that migraine sufferers have inherited a more sensitive nervous system.
Many researchers believe that one of the best ways to learn a second language is through immersion.
Many researchers believe that strenuous exercise releases endorphins into the blood stream.
Many researchers believe that the body keeps phosphorus and calcium in balance in the bloodstream.
Many researchers believe that the differences in diet are one possible explanation.
Many researchers believe that the first treatment regimen is the most important.
Many researchers believe that the parrotfish is a major source of sand in tropical waters.
Many researchers believe that the tendency toward alcoholism is a genetic trait.
Many researchers believe that there are many species that have died off in the past.
Many researchers believe that vegetarianism is the only way to feed a growing human population.
Many researchers believe that water is being used excessively in agriculture.
Many researchers believe the impact of human emissions on the Earth's climate has been overstated.
Many researchers believe the origin of the defects can be found in our long ago past.
Many researchers believe the problem is entrenched in the schools themselves.
Many researchers believe they are.
Many researchers blame schizophrenia on an overactive dopamine system in the brain.
Many researchers carry out collaborative research with colleagues at nearby Boston universities.
Many researchers claim that all polar bears are left-handed.
Many researchers claim that antioxidants can fight disease.
Many researchers collect data from a variety of sources, including surveys they conduct themselves.
Many researchers concentrate on the audiences.
Many researchers confuse confidentiality and anonymity.
Many researchers consider that the reverse is true.
Many researchers consider the gifted as the largest group of underachievers in education.
Many researchers deny any validity to the species at all.
Many researchers depend on grants from industry.
Many researchers develop patentable inventions during the course of their investigations.
Many researchers doubt that the effects of UV radiation in Oregon are seen elsewhere.
Many researchers expect a retainer before beginning work.
Many researchers fail to realize that some of the original schedules still exists.
Many researchers feel quality calcium supplementation is essential for both young and old.
Many researchers feel that ghosts are made up of electromagnetic energy.
Many researchers feel that migraine stroke has been grossly overestimated.
Many researchers feel that some degeneration is present in the tendon prior to rupture.
Many researchers feel that there are already ample reports in the literature.
Many researchers feel that when both are combined, they compliment each others effectivness.
Many researchers find it useful to think in terms of questions and answers.
Many researchers find that feature powerful and useful.
Many researchers have a great knowledge of the specific area their ancestors lived in.
Many researchers have financial ties with private companies that pay for clinical trials.
Many researchers have home pages on the web.
Many researchers have little appreciation for individual variation of animals.
Many researchers have their eyes on the stars.
Many researchers investigate the effect of technology in education.
Many researchers like to collect all the families with the same surname in the state.
Many researchers like to include their e-mail addresses in one of the later address lines.
Many researchers maintain that the same occurs in humans.
Many researchers make the choice between genomic and transcriptomic data.
Many researchers mix ideas from both approaches into their research.
Many researchers never have an opportunity to participate.
Many researchers now consider bears to be super-hibernators.
Many researchers now have e-mail addresses listed, making international contact easier and faster.
Many researchers now hope that the factors operating during pregnancy can be altered.
Many researchers now suspect a combination.
Many researchers object to being called early in the morning or late in the evening.
Many researchers object to having non-scholars critique their writings.
Many researchers point out that such unknowns are common in classical plant breeding, however.
Many researchers prefer greyhounds over other breeds.
Many researchers prefer working from hardcopy, in fact.
Many researchers recommend such independent study approaches for gifted students.
Many researchers regard it as a major indicator of healthy physiological functioning.
Many researchers rely on core services or external vendors for their custom nucleotide needs.
Many researchers run literature searches when designing a study.
Many researchers say it goes away later in life.
Many researchers say more study is needed, although some medical benefit is likely.
Many researchers say that pollution is a frequent cause of cancer.
Many researchers say that violent TV and movie images lead to increased violence in society.
Many researchers say yes.
Many researchers see asteroidal resources as more economical than lunar resources.
Many researchers see gars as an evolutionary link.
Many researchers see it comprising a root of Celtic origin and the suffix -ingen .
Many researchers seem to equate diversity and complexity.
Many researchers show that people pick easy to guess passwords.
Many researchers skimp and use old archived data.
Many researchers specialize in one area of abuse, such as physical abuse or sexual abuse.
Many researchers still wish to travel to the great collection of the world to use their materials.
Many researchers strongly disagree with the promotional claims.
Many researchers study reproduction as part of a doctorate in reproductive or developmental biology.
Many researchers suspect that damage by free radicals plays a role in the aging process.
Many researchers take developmental and evolutionary approach for designing neural networks.
Many researchers think stem cells taken from embryos are the most powerful kind.
Many researchers think that the restrictions have inhibited the market for low-tar cigarettes.
Many researchers use banding as one tool in their studies of bird populations and communities.
Many researchers use cell-free systems to study mitochondrial pathways.
Many researchers use industry ratios to better understand the health of a business.
Many researchers use interval techniques in fuzzy applications.
Many researchers use it on a regular basis to connect to favorite web sites.
Many researchers use mortar and pestle style tissue grinders for organelle isolation.
Many researchers use nonlinear regression more than any other statistical tool.
Many researchers use revenue as a proxy for output in productivity measurement.
Many researchers use the movie maker terminology in which a scene is composed of one or more shots.
Many researchers warn that the worst is yet to come.
Many researchers wish to test a statistical hypothesis with their data.
Many researchers wonder how to make sense or use of it all.
Many researchers work at colleges and universities, where they also teach.
Many researchers work in partnership with industry, government, and publicly funded agencies.
More Researchers give greenlight for blood pressure measurement.
More researchers join the quest.
More researchers support diversity in small groups, however.
Most researchers access information.
Most researchers achieve goals.
Most researchers acquire chances.
Most researchers agree free radical pathology is the biggest single cause of aging and disease.
Most researchers agree habitat loss is among the most important factors.
Most researchers agree that adequate nutrition is of the upmost importance.
Most researchers agree that chamber dives are less strenuous than open-water dives.
Most researchers agree that coconut palms originated in Asia.
Most researchers agree that half or more of American adults are a little shy.
Most researchers agree that ligtning balls are real, but no one knows what they are.
Most researchers agree that practical devices, if possible at all, are a long way off.
Most researchers agree that quality of life is complex and composed of multiple dimensions.
Most researchers agree that regional groupings of killer whales exist.
Most researchers agree that stating expectations is a useful tool in data analysis.
Most researchers agree that the best proof of a hypothesis comes from randomized clinical trials.
Most researchers agree that the first humans to make tools lived in Africa.
Most researchers agree that the model is flawed.
Most researchers agree, the key symptom is the deficit in social interaction.
Most researchers analyze development.
Most researchers analyze effects.
Most researchers analyze results.
Most researchers analyze types.
Most researchers announce breakthroughs.
Most researchers announce discoveries.
Most researchers announce success.
Most researchers apply concepts.
Most researchers apply methods.
Most researchers apply responses.
Most researchers apply techniques.
Most researchers are absolutely convinced that the cause is biological rather than psychological.
Most researchers are also very busy folks.
Most researchers are aware of how oil effects electricity.
Most researchers are eager to test hypotheses that focus on one narrow aspect of the shroud.
Most researchers are familiar with library work.
Most researchers are happy to share their knowledge in exchange for volunteer assistance.
Most researchers are highly skeptical, though.
Most researchers are history graduates.
Most researchers are led by institutes.
Most researchers are pleased to get just one.
Most researchers are reluctant to speculate.
Most researchers argue that there is no evidence of such unexpected changes.
Most researchers argue types.
Most researchers arrive at conclusions.
Most researchers ask merely that volunteers be interested in the research subject.
Most researchers ask participants.
Most researchers assess values.
Most researchers assume that the more infected beef eaten, the greater the risk.
Most researchers assume they are married.
Most researchers avoid the light of public inspection.
Most researchers become experts.
Most researchers begin careers.
Most researchers begin transitions.
Most researchers believe it is a small but important step toward true language understanding.
Most researchers believe it is responsible for male-pattern baldness.
Most researchers believe ozone has no medical use.
Most researchers believe results.
Most researchers believe sleep benefits the brain, perhaps by giving neurons a chance to recuperate.
Most researchers believe that attachment develops through a series of stages.
Most researchers believe that climate change is happening too fast for many species to keep up.
Most researchers believe that few undocumented immigrants illegally use public assistance programs.
Most researchers believe that it originates either from Persia, India or Africa.
Most researchers believe that obesity is caused by numerous susceptibility genes.
Most researchers believe that sea turtles have an acute sense of smell in the water.
Most researchers believe that the devices are as safe as they are effective.
Most researchers believe that the main toxic agents in drilling cuttings are oil and oil products.
Most researchers believe that the pathogenesis is multifactorial.
Most researchers believe the honeybee originated in Africa.
Most researchers believe the loss of myelin is related to a virus or autoimmune process.
Most researchers believe they have been over-collected and now imports have stopped.
Most researchers believe three conditions are necessary to form gallstones.
Most researchers calculate consumption levels.
Most researchers calculate levels.
Most researchers calculate trophic levels.
Most researchers can cope with 'dirty data' but it is up to the creators to minimise the errors.
Most researchers can do jobs.
Most researchers can point to verified spelling changes within their own line.
Most researchers capture beetles.
Most researchers carry out experiments.
Most researchers carry out trials.
Most researchers catch effort.
Most researchers categorize their research under surnames and localities.
Most researchers challenge conclusions.
Most researchers choose indicators.
Most researchers choose locations.
Most researchers cite causes.
Most researchers cite instances.
Most researchers cite possible causes.
Most researchers cite several possible causes.
Most researchers collect fecal samples.
Most researchers collect gas samples.
Most researchers collect important information.
Most researchers collect individuals.
Most researchers collect information.
Most researchers collect samples.
Most researchers collect sperm samples.
Most researchers compare characteristics.
Most researchers compare effects.
Most researchers compare samples.
Most researchers complete demonstrations.
Most researchers compute on tightly scheduled supercomputers.
Most researchers conduct analyses.
Most researchers conduct blood tests.
Most researchers conduct censuses.
Most researchers conduct computer simulation.
Most researchers conduct experiments.
Most researchers conduct recording sessions in their homes, on a regular basis.
Most researchers conduct similar experiments.
Most researchers conduct simulation.
Most researchers conduct tests.
Most researchers conduct trials.
Most researchers confirm perceptions.
Most researchers confirm student perceptions.
Most researchers consider A. africanus to be a distinct species that is descended from A. afarensis.
Most researchers consider diagnoses.
Most researchers consider outcomes.
Most researchers consider that case closed.
Most researchers continue investigations.
Most researchers contrast war and peace.
Most researchers contribute to advancement.
Most researchers contribute to articles.
Most researchers contribute to breakthroughs.
Most researchers contribute to current knowledge.
Most researchers contribute to knowledge.
Most researchers coordinate activities.
Most researchers create databases.
Most researchers create grate patterns.
Most researchers create patterns.
Most researchers define activities.
Most researchers define sexual activities.
Most researchers demonstrate capacity.
Most researchers demonstrate infection.
Most researchers demonstrate occurrences.
Most researchers describe impact.
Most researchers describe positions.
Most researchers describe progress.
Most researchers determine areas.
Most researchers determine effectiveness.
Most researchers develop approaches.
Most researchers develop ideas.
Most researchers develop methodologies.
Most researchers develop methods.
Most researchers develop new ideas.
Most researchers develop pest management strategies.
Most researchers develop reproduction techniques.
Most researchers develop several approaches.
Most researchers develop strategies.
Most researchers develop techniques.
Most researchers develop technology.
Most researchers develop theories.
Most researchers develop types.
Most researchers die at ages.
Most researchers disagree.
Most researchers discover additional details.
Most researchers discover advantage.
Most researchers discover breathe patterns.
Most researchers discover details.
Most researchers discover differences.
Most researchers discover effects.
Most researchers discover evidence.
Most researchers discover importance.
Most researchers discover mates.
Most researchers discover mechanical properties.
Most researchers discover patterns.
Most researchers discover potential.
Most researchers discover properties.
Most researchers discover results.
Most researchers discover trends.
Most researchers discover ways.
Most researchers discuss aspects.
Most researchers discuss concentration.
Most researchers discuss possibility.
Most researchers do an exhaustive literature search when researching a particular area of study.
Most researchers do analyses.
Most researchers do experiments.
Most researchers document absence.
Most researchers document conditions.
Most researchers document environmental conditions.
Most researchers document presence.
Most researchers document reductions.
Most researchers draw conclusions.
Most researchers draw firm conclusions.
Most researchers draw similar conclusions.
Most researchers employ in experiments.
Most researchers employ laser deposition techniques.
Most researchers employ techniques.
Most researchers establish arid conditions.
Most researchers establish conditions.
Most researchers establish more arid conditions.
Most researchers estimate ages.
Most researchers estimate density.
Most researchers estimate distribution.
Most researchers estimate effects.
Most researchers estimate emergence.
Most researchers estimate impact.
Most researchers estimate numbers.
Most researchers estimate time.
Most researchers evaluate blood samples.
Most researchers evaluate characteristics.
Most researchers evaluate effects.
Most researchers evaluate methods.
Most researchers evaluate reproductive characteristics.
Most researchers evaluate samples.
Most researchers examine differences.
Most researchers examine domain structures.
Most researchers examine effects.
Most researchers examine factors.
Most researchers examine issues.
Most researchers examine major factors.
Most researchers examine offspring.
Most researchers examine sites.
Most researchers examine structures.
Most researchers explain purposes.
Most researchers explore distribution.
Most researchers explore factors.
Most researchers face limitations.
Most researchers feed rats.
Most researchers feel conditions.
Most researchers feel treatments.
Most researchers find ability.
Most researchers find analyses.
Most researchers find answers.
Most researchers find attributes.
Most researchers find behavior.
Most researchers find boom sound.
Most researchers find breeds.
Most researchers find chances.
Most researchers find characteristics.
Most researchers find communities.
Most researchers find compound growth.
Most researchers find conclusions.
Most researchers find diets.
Most researchers find estimations.
Most researchers find examples.
Most researchers find exposure.
Most researchers find genetic materials.
Most researchers find glass.
Most researchers find growth.
Most researchers find ideas.
Most researchers find impact.
Most researchers find improvement.
Most researchers find information.
Most researchers find intake.
Most researchers find magnitudes.
Most researchers find materials.
Most researchers find nuclear genetic materials.
Most researchers find nuclear materials.
Most researchers find participants.
Most researchers find participation.
Most researchers find phenomena.
Most researchers find places.
Most researchers find plants.
Most researchers find problems.
Most researchers find relate information.
Most researchers find results.
Most researchers find shiny stuff.
Most researchers find similar results.
Most researchers find solutions.
Most researchers find sound.
Most researchers find stuff.
Most researchers find subjects.
Most researchers find substances.
Most researchers find syndromes.
Most researchers find tasks.
Most researchers find techniques.
Most researchers find that they are related to one of more of the discussion list members.
Most researchers find trends.
Most researchers find use.
Most researchers find yaks.
Most researchers focus attention.
Most researchers focus investigations.
Most researchers focus on brainstem regions.
Most researchers focus on regions.
Most researchers focus on sources.
Most researchers follow lead.
Most researchers follow participants.
Most researchers follow procedures that eliminate accidental photos of natural events.
Most researchers gain a great deal of knowledge from their long hours spent on a project.
Most researchers get answers.
Most researchers get approval.
Most researchers get consent.
Most researchers get more complete answers.
Most researchers get permission.
Most researchers give consideration.
Most researchers give subjects.
Most researchers give thoughtful consideration.
Most researchers have advanced degrees in physics.
Most researchers have answers.
Most researchers have benefits.
Most researchers have chances.
Most researchers have expertise and hence publications in only one of the four.
Most researchers have hard time.
Most researchers have hearts.
Most researchers have knowledge.
Most researchers have locations.
Most researchers have opportunity.
Most researchers have proof.
Most researchers have purposes.
Most researchers have senses.
Most researchers have solutions.
Most researchers have subjects.
Most researchers have success.
Most researchers have the same experience.
Most researchers have time.
Most researchers hear stories.
Most researchers identify activities.
Most researchers identify antibiotic compounds.
Most researchers identify areas.
Most researchers identify battle wounds.
Most researchers identify compounds.
Most researchers identify conditions.
Most researchers identify factors.
Most researchers identify issues.
Most researchers identify pathways.
Most researchers identify patterns.
Most researchers identify regions.
Most researchers identify wounds.
Most researchers implement services.
Most researchers interview parents.
Most researchers investigate activity patterns.
Most researchers investigate patterns.
Most researchers investigate responses.
Most researchers join forces.
Most researchers join researchers.
Most researchers join teams.
Most researchers keep mice.
Most researchers keep rats.
Most researchers know of existence.
Most researchers learn behavior.
Most researchers learn growth.
Most researchers look at activity patterns.
Most researchers look at impact.
Most researchers look at numbers.
Most researchers look at patterns.
Most researchers look at size.
Most researchers look for pandas.
Most researchers look for ways.
Most researchers make breakthroughs.
Most researchers make conclusions.
Most researchers make discoveries.
Most researchers make follow conclusions.
Most researchers make great strides.
Most researchers make major discoveries.
Most researchers make predictions.
Most researchers make progress.
Most researchers make reasonable suggestions.
Most researchers make routine.
Most researchers make several suggestions.
Most researchers make startle discoveries.
Most researchers make strides.
Most researchers make suggestions.
Most researchers make surprise discoveries.
Most researchers make tremendous breakthroughs.
Most researchers measure effects.
Most researchers measure responses.
Most researchers monitor effects.
Most researchers monitor levels.
Most researchers monitor trials.
Most researchers move into related careers after a few years.
Most researchers observe areas.
Most researchers observe behavior.
Most researchers observe cases.
Most researchers observe effectiveness.
Most researchers observe effects.
Most researchers observe evidence.
Most researchers observe inflammation.
Most researchers observe levels.
Most researchers obtain permission.
Most researchers operate under some variety of mandate to disseminate findings.
Most researchers participate in transmissions.
Most researchers pass experiments.
Most researchers pay attention.
Most researchers pay more attention.
Most researchers perform experiments.
Most researchers point out differences.
Most researchers point out methods.
Most researchers point to ultraviolet radiation as a major cause.
Most researchers probably suspect that real reasoning is semantic.
Most researchers propose hypotheses.
Most researchers propose novel solutions.
Most researchers propose solutions.
Most researchers propose theories.
Most researchers provide descriptions.
Most researchers publish news.
Most researchers publish paper.
Most researchers pursue advance degrees.
Most researchers pursue degrees.
Most researchers raise possibility.
Most researchers realize necessity.
Most researchers receive patents.
Most researchers recognize effects.
Most researchers recognize members.
Most researchers recognize size.
Most researchers record term effects.
Most researchers refine their procedures before they work properly.
Most researchers rely on donations.
Most researchers rely on observations.
Most researchers repeat experiments.
Most researchers repeat procedures.
Most researchers report activities.
Most researchers report compliance.
Most researchers report consumption.
Most researchers report dry matter intake.
Most researchers report intake.
Most researchers report matter intake.
Most researchers report movement patterns.
Most researchers report observations.
Most researchers report patterns.
Most researchers report phenomena.
Most researchers report preference.
Most researchers return to labs.
Most researchers reveal details.
Most researchers reveal important details.
Most researchers reveal important new details.
Most researchers routinely make their raw data available after studies have been published.
Most researchers routinely report the standard deviation of a data set along with the mean.
Most researchers say it was probably similar, but of course there is no way to be sure.
Most researchers say there's no data to support that connection.
Most researchers see animals.
Most researchers see atlantic walruses.
Most researchers see compounds.
Most researchers see differences.
Most researchers see numbers.
Most researchers see potential.
Most researchers see trends.
Most researchers see walruses.
Most researchers seek careers.
Most researchers seek ways.
Most researchers seem to think that the scalloped hammerhead schools because it enjoys the company.
Most researchers show functions.
Most researchers simply use an EA to evolve a circuit with certain specifications.
Most researchers solve problems.
Most researchers specialize in development.
Most researchers start out with a theory they test against reality.
Most researchers study advance topics.
Most researchers study animals.
Most researchers study aspects.
Most researchers study behavior.
Most researchers study coots.
Most researchers study details.
Most researchers study effectiveness.
Most researchers study effects.
Most researchers study habitats.
Most researchers study impact.
Most researchers study situations.
Most researchers study topics.
Most researchers study wild animals.
Most researchers suggest a two weeks on, two weeks off dose schedule.
Most researchers suggest discoveries.
Most researchers suggest energy.
Most researchers suggest importance.
Most researchers suggest patterns.
Most researchers suggest theories.
Most researchers support theories.
Most researchers suspect that there are even more diseases that are still unidentified.
Most researchers take a piece of tissue, grind it up and perform tests.
Most researchers take active roles.
Most researchers take advantage.
Most researchers take approaches.
Most researchers take different approaches.
Most researchers take exceptions.
Most researchers take hypotheses.
Most researchers take information.
Most researchers take interest.
Most researchers take measurements.
Most researchers take notes.
Most researchers take notice.
Most researchers take on tasks.
Most researchers take roles.
Most researchers talk about evidence.
Most researchers tend to frown on tactical voting.
Most researchers test hypotheses.
Most researchers test management strategies.
Most researchers test methods.
Most researchers test theories.
Most researchers test various scenarios.
Most researchers think humans contract a variation of the disease by eating the same thing.
Most researchers travel to cities.
Most researchers try to break down the complexity into pieces they can study with some confidence.
Most researchers uncover behavioral habits.
Most researchers uncover evidence.
Most researchers uncover habits.
Most researchers understand biochemical reaction.
Most researchers understand complexity.
Most researchers understand conditions.
Most researchers understand drought conditions.
Most researchers understand evolution.
Most researchers understand reaction.
Most researchers use advance image techniques.
Most researchers use advance techniques.
Most researchers use antibodies.
Most researchers use approaches.
Most researchers use atomic microscopes.
Most researchers use cameras.
Most researchers use databases.
Most researchers use devices.
Most researchers use different strategies.
Most researchers use force microscopes.
Most researchers use frameworks.
Most researchers use functional magnetic images.
Most researchers use functional magnetic resonance images.
Most researchers use graphics to illustrate the results of a statistical analysis.
Most researchers use high speed cameras.
Most researchers use human research subjects.
Most researchers use human subjects.
Most researchers use image techniques.
Most researchers use images.
Most researchers use indicators.
Most researchers use information.
Most researchers use instruments.
Most researchers use materials.
Most researchers use methods.
Most researchers use microscopes.
Most researchers use modern technology.
Most researchers use phylogenetic methods.
Most researchers use powerful microscopes.
Most researchers use protocols.
Most researchers use resonance images.
Most researchers use social science subjects.
Most researchers use speed cameras.
Most researchers use statistical methods.
Most researchers use strategies.
Most researchers use subjects.
Most researchers use techniques.
Most researchers use technology.
Most researchers use types.
Most researchers use unique approaches.
Most researchers utilize analyses.
Most researchers visit laboratories.
Most researchers visit regions.
Most researchers watch animals.
Most researchers watch mice.
Most researchers watch monkeys.
Most researchers watch rats.
Most researchers work at universities.
Most researchers work for many years.
Most researchers work for years.
Most researchers work in fields.
Most researchers work on applications.
Most researchers work on aspects.
Most researchers work on problems.
Most researchers work on relate problems.
Most researchers work with butterflies.
Most researchers work with hawks.
Most researchers work with patients.
Most researchers work years.
Most researchers write notes.
Most researchers write paper.
Some researchers add beds.
Some researchers add components.
Some researchers add water.
Some researchers address language-related topics.
Some researchers also believe that they are distant relatives of heron and ibis.
Some researchers also have big hopes of tracking climate change effects.
Some researchers also investigate on non-uniform units.
Some researchers also suggest that hypnotherapy and mental imagery are effective treatment.
Some researchers analyze behavior.
Some researchers analyze certain behavior.
Some researchers analyze consumption behavior.
Some researchers analyze orientations.
Some researchers apply cockroach pheromone.
Some researchers apply genetics.
Some researchers apply pheromone.
Some researchers are convinced they've come up with the answer.
Some researchers are directly involved in rare plant research in Georgia.
Some researchers are engineering and mass-producing sophisticated biological weapons.
Some researchers are evolved from ancestors.
Some researchers are mainly interested in a single wavelength.
Some researchers are of the opinion that ringbone is an inherited condition.
Some researchers are optimistic, but others have reservations.
Some researchers are skeptical about their usefulness in a clinical setting.
Some researchers are therefore still sceptical.
Some researchers argue biology.
Some researchers argue definition.
Some researchers argue modes.
Some researchers argue requirements.
Some researchers argue responses.
Some researchers argue retention.
Some researchers argue subjects.
Some researchers argue that aggregations of beta-amyloid proteins are the key culprits.
Some researchers argue that economic inequality is now the most powerful predictor of ill health.
Some researchers argue that humans are born with certain rules for categorizing animals.
Some researchers argue that salt restriction has been overemphasized.
Some researchers argue that the American education system mirrors the dynamics of society.
Some researchers argue that the digital divide between the North and the South is a serious issue.
Some researchers argue the achievement gap begins long before school starts.
Some researchers arrive with very few resources.
Some researchers ask children.
Some researchers ask patients.
Some researchers assign adults.
Some researchers assist students.
Some researchers assume annual growth.
Some researchers assume growth.
Some researchers attribute wandering to a combination of memory impairment and disorientation.
Some researchers begin their projects confused as a result of personal experience.
Some researchers believe a natural fungus is to blame.
Some researchers believe canola oil to be very beneficial to health.
Some researchers believe it blocks signals from the retina that tell the eye to grow.
Some researchers believe it can travel long distances through the air.
Some researchers believe it is a Scandinavian influence used to simulate brick and wealth.
Some researchers believe it is because they eat more soy than their Western counterparts.
Some researchers believe it's time to find out.
Some researchers believe large babies are more prone to obesity later in life.
Some researchers believe macular degeneration is related to heart and vessel disease.
Some researchers believe otherwise.
Some researchers believe so.
Some researchers believe that a persons that are infected, are contagious through viral shedding.
Some researchers believe that as much as half of the tendency to be happy is genetic.
Some researchers believe that bioflavonoids help maintain capillaries.
Some researchers believe that children copy or model the many violent acts performed by TV heroes.
Some researchers believe that dogs eat grass as an emetic when feeling ill.
Some researchers believe that each epithelial cell extends to the basal lamina.
Some researchers believe that excess NO creates nicks and breaks in the DNA of neurons.
Some researchers believe that genes shape our inborn frame of mind, or temperament .
Some researchers believe that it can also help other forms of mental illness.
Some researchers believe that it is caused by overdevelopment of the cloacal membrane.
Some researchers believe that keeping busy is key to maintaining health and well-being into old age.
Some researchers believe that most nonspecific vaginitis cases are caused by hemophilus.
Some researchers believe that most patients recover spontaneously and no treatment is needed.
Some researchers believe that reelin is important to learning and memory.
Some researchers believe that religious affiliation entails greater social support and hopefulness.
Some researchers believe that sleep apnea is the greatest risk factor car accidents.
Some researchers believe that sliding is a form of play in river otters.
Some researchers believe that strenuous exercise releases endorphins into the blood stream.
Some researchers believe that such questions can best be answered by studying the salamander.
Some researchers believe that the disease is viral in nature and acquired during childhood.
Some researchers believe that the first craniates developed by neoteny.
Some researchers believe that the incidences of primary spontaneous pneumothoraces are increasing.
Some researchers believe that the organic forms have fewer toxic effects.
Some researchers believe that the virus is carried in seminal fluids outside the sperm cells.
Some researchers believe that the Zebras' stripes help to camouflage it from predators.
Some researchers believe that trace doses are necessary for survival.
Some researchers believe that translates into protection from heart disease and stroke.
Some researchers believe that treatment that follows certain principles can reduce recidivism.
Some researchers believe the circuits are completed by age five or six.
Some researchers believe the consumption of clotting factors is part of the disease process.
Some researchers believe the damage was worsened by defoliated hillsides.
Some researchers believe the incidence is on the rise because of changes in the region's ecology.
Some researchers believe there are signs of autism that can be detected in infancy.
Some researchers believe they are buying silence.
Some researchers blame society's love of convenience.
Some researchers blame traumatic experiences in the person s life.
Some researchers bring female turtles.
Some researchers bring in a machine they have purchased and ask the shop to modify it.
Some researchers bring turtles.
Some researchers build actual, physical devices onto silicon.
Some researchers build foot wind tunnels.
Some researchers build tunnels.
Some researchers buy animals.
Some researchers buy bags.
Some researchers buy monkeys.
Some researchers calculate density.
Some researchers calculate food intake.
Some researchers calculate intake.
Some researchers calculate limits.
Some researchers calculate population density.
Some researchers call the field a methodological jungle.
Some researchers can no longer get to their instruments by snowmobile.
Some researchers catch chipmunks.
Some researchers catch manatees.
Some researchers catch turtles.
Some researchers chafe at the idea.
Some researchers check boxes.
Some researchers check nest boxes.
Some researchers choose nutrients.
Some researchers choose to return to their former school to work in familiar surroundings.
Some researchers cite clear gender distinctions in the early years.
Some researchers claim a link between the penchant for perfection and depression.
Some researchers claim death.
Some researchers claim it was the result of a comet or asteroid.
Some researchers claim that apes can learn the rudiments of human language.
Some researchers claim that dolphin swims also boost the human immune system.
Some researchers claim that it improves speech in children with autism.
Some researchers claim that situatedness is key to understanding general intelligence.
Some researchers claim that the man retrieved a bullet.
Some researchers claim that the relationship between hip laxity and hip dysplasia is tenuous.
Some researchers claim there is a link between mirror neuron deficiency and autism .
Some researchers claim they are paths of spiritual power in the landscape.
Some researchers claim they are the cause of headaches, sleeping disorders and memory loss.
Some researchers classify lampreys.
Some researchers collect animals.
Some researchers collect armadillos.
Some researchers collect baobab fruit.
Some researchers collect beetles.
Some researchers collect butterflies.
Some researchers collect chipmunks.
Some researchers collect clams.
Some researchers collect fish.
Some researchers collect fruit.
Some researchers collect lizards.
Some researchers collect participants.
Some researchers collect pets.
Some researchers collect pollen.
Some researchers collect snails.
Some researchers collect snakes.
Some researchers collect vertebrates.
Some researchers collect wrens.
Some researchers come to conclusions.
Some researchers come to different conclusions.
Some researchers come to villages.
Some researchers compare cuticle thickness.
Some researchers compare radiation.
Some researchers compare results.
Some researchers compare thickness.
Some researchers complete censuses.
Some researchers concentrate on programming computers to recognize speech.
Some researchers concentrate on their paternal line only, following their surname back.
Some researchers conduct channels.
Some researchers conduct pools.
Some researchers conduct regeneration.
Some researchers consider behavior.
Some researchers consider it a national festival, while others regard it as a religious feast.
Some researchers consider it to be the leading cause of infertility in cattle.
Some researchers consider multiple cropping the most important of today's agricultural practices.
Some researchers consider teak woodlands to be a fire subclimax.
Some researchers consider testosterone also to be a weak estrogen.
Some researchers consider the sparse type material nondiagnostic.
Some researchers consider their own notes as private.
Some researchers contend that data is currently accumulating at near exponential rates.
Some researchers contend that law enforcement agencies tend to minimize female gang membership.
Some researchers contend that the lights can be explained by such common things as cars and trains.
Some researchers contend there is no dose of endocrine-disrupting chemicals small enough to be safe.
Some researchers count chicks to estimate the total population, others count breeding pairs.
Some researchers create designs.
Some researchers create sources.
Some researchers create states.
Some researchers create versions.
Some researchers declare that the eels gobble masses of small fish, including baby largemouth bass.
Some researchers demand speed rather than care.
Some researchers demand that the diagnosis be confirmed by blocks.
Some researchers demonstrate advantage.
Some researchers demonstrate cellular damage.
Some researchers demonstrate chain reaction.
Some researchers demonstrate damage.
Some researchers demonstrate effects.
Some researchers demonstrate reaction.
Some researchers describe children.
Some researchers describe habitats.
Some researchers describe ideal habitats.
Some researchers describe iguanas.
Some researchers describe scenes.
Some researchers design control methods.
Some researchers design methods.
Some researchers design patterns.
Some researchers determine ages.
Some researchers determine degrees.
Some researchers determine effects.
Some researchers determine fields.
Some researchers determine intake.
Some researchers determine rain.
Some researchers determine replacements.
Some researchers develop babies.
Some researchers develop chambers.
Some researchers develop designs.
Some researchers develop food.
Some researchers develop parrot food.
Some researchers develop procedures.
Some researchers develop protocols.
Some researchers develop sample procedures.
Some researchers develop textbooks.
Some researchers develop tube babies.
Some researchers develop versions.
Some researchers disagree on aging techniques.
Some researchers disagree.
Some researchers discover acid.
Some researchers discover adults.
Some researchers discover air.
Some researchers discover alternatives.
Some researchers discover amino acid.
Some researchers discover baby turtles.
Some researchers discover backs.
Some researchers discover bacteria.
Some researchers discover cancer.
Some researchers discover ceramic oxide.
Some researchers discover concentration.
Some researchers discover copper oxide.
Some researchers discover crescent shape regions.
Some researchers discover dinosaur tracks.
Some researchers discover drug treatments.
Some researchers discover food.
Some researchers discover fossil vertebrates.
Some researchers discover functions.
Some researchers discover infection.
Some researchers discover mammals.
Some researchers discover natural alternatives.
Some researchers discover oxide.
Some researchers discover peanuts.
Some researchers discover ranges.
Some researchers discover receptors.
Some researchers discover regions.
Some researchers discover reins.
Some researchers discover roles.
Some researchers discover several vertebrates.
Some researchers discover snakes.
Some researchers discover spiky mammals.
Some researchers discover spinach.
Some researchers discover structures.
Some researchers discover successful drug treatments.
Some researchers discover successful treatments.
Some researchers discover tracks.
Some researchers discover treatments.
Some researchers discover turtles.
Some researchers discover vertebrates.
Some researchers discover vitamin d receptors.
Some researchers discover winter.
Some researchers discuss air permeability.
Some researchers discuss effects.
Some researchers discuss permeability.
Some researchers do studies directly on patients.
Some researchers do their experiments on laboratory animals.
Some researchers do, but most often, operational definitions are also borrowed or created anew.
Some researchers doubt that human activities are inducing rapid climate change.
Some researchers draw upon mental states as part of their analytic equipment.
Some researchers dream in rainbow colors.
Some researchers emphasize an increasing demand for skills in a high-technology economy.
Some researchers emphasize importance.
Some researchers encounter armadillos.
Some researchers encounter sharks.
Some researchers encounter snakes.
Some researchers estimate adulthood.
Some researchers estimate limits.
Some researchers estimate rhinos.
Some researchers estimate that only one in five develop such problems.
Some researchers estimate years.
Some researchers evaluate only the hypothesis they started with.
Some researchers even define robots as the physical extensions of computers.
Some researchers even look for signs that the user is disappointed with the computer.
Some researchers even report instances where ginseng has been substituted with a different herb.
Some researchers even talk about 'family learning' experiences.
Some researchers examine bones.
Some researchers examine ear bones.
Some researchers examine expression.
Some researchers examine loci.
Some researchers examine lungs.
Some researchers examine men.
Some researchers explore science.
Some researchers expose mice.
Some researchers express interest.
Some researchers fear a wider ecological impact with transgenic trees.
Some researchers fear conditions.
Some researchers feed animals.
Some researchers feed beetles.
Some researchers feed butterflies.
Some researchers feed cattle.
Some researchers feed coyotes.
Some researchers feed crabs.
Some researchers feed diets.
Some researchers feed fish.
Some researchers feed frogs.
Some researchers feed horses.
Some researchers feed insects.
Some researchers feed lions.
Some researchers feed lizards.
Some researchers feed marmoset diets.
Some researchers feed mice.
Some researchers feed pigs.
Some researchers feed predators.
Some researchers feed pregnant mice.
Some researchers feed turtles.
Some researchers feel dreaming is purely physiological.
Some researchers feel full spectrum light.
Some researchers feel light.
Some researchers feel pigs to be smarter than dogs and can learn many things.
Some researchers feel spectrum light.
Some researchers feel that it is a form of epilepsy.
Some researchers feel that leadership in an organization is can be highly overrated.
Some researchers feel that parental style is the strongest predictor of child separation distress.
Some researchers feel the imbalance between the two is key.
Some researchers feel the virus can also cause penile cancer in males.
Some researchers feel tunnels.
Some researchers find abnormalities.
Some researchers find adenovirus causes.
Some researchers find amylases.
Some researchers find arsenic compounds.
Some researchers find aspen.
Some researchers find beaks.
Some researchers find body size.
Some researchers find books.
Some researchers find brain regions.
Some researchers find carbon.
Some researchers find cases.
Some researchers find causes.
Some researchers find cell types.
Some researchers find children.
Some researchers find cigarettes.
Some researchers find compounds.
Some researchers find conductance.
Some researchers find conductivity.
Some researchers find consumption.
Some researchers find copies.
Some researchers find corn.
Some researchers find cows.
Some researchers find damage.
Some researchers find debris.
Some researchers find differences.
Some researchers find different regions.
Some researchers find dinosaur skeletons.
Some researchers find dinosaurs.
Some researchers find diseases.
Some researchers find elevation.
Some researchers find evidence.
Some researchers find exceptions.
Some researchers find extinction.
Some researchers find flaps.
Some researchers find flu vaccines.
Some researchers find food.
Some researchers find friction.
Some researchers find gases.
Some researchers find herbivores.
Some researchers find homos.
Some researchers find hurricanes.
Some researchers find individuals.
Some researchers find inflammation.
Some researchers find injections.
Some researchers find involvement.
Some researchers find iodine.
Some researchers find lead.
Some researchers find length.
Some researchers find light.
Some researchers find load.
Some researchers find lobsters.
Some researchers find makeup.
Some researchers find male mice.
Some researchers find malignant cell types.
Some researchers find methods.
Some researchers find mice.
Some researchers find monkeys.
Some researchers find mothers.
Some researchers find neighbours.
Some researchers find numbers.
Some researchers find nutrients.
Some researchers find parks.
Some researchers find patients.
Some researchers find photosynthesis.
Some researchers find pigment.
Some researchers find players.
Some researchers find popcorn.
Some researchers find power.
Some researchers find proteins.
Some researchers find regeneration.
Some researchers find regions.
Some researchers find remove wrinkles.
Some researchers find resistance.
Some researchers find rules.
Some researchers find severe diseases.
Some researchers find size.
Some researchers find skeletons.
Some researchers find smell.
Some researchers find sources.
Some researchers find soy.
Some researchers find springtails.
Some researchers find squid beaks.
Some researchers find squids.
Some researchers find stability.
Some researchers find teachers.
Some researchers find tentacles.
Some researchers find tests.
Some researchers find the existing data unsatisfying.
Some researchers find the similarities so close that they classify Etruscan as being Anatolian.
Some researchers find tissue.
Some researchers find tortoises.
Some researchers find trees.
Some researchers find types.
Some researchers find vaccines.
Some researchers find variation.
Some researchers find vipers.
Some researchers find water.
Some researchers find women.
Some researchers find worms.
Some researchers find wrinkles.
Some researchers focus analyses.
Some researchers focus on exchanges.
Some researchers focus on lower contact resistance.
Some researchers focus on lower resistance.
Some researchers focus on resistance.
Some researchers focus on similarity.
Some researchers follow baboons.
Some researchers follow children.
Some researchers follow monkeys.
Some researchers follow patients.
Some researchers follow women.
Some researchers get blobs.
Some researchers get men.
Some researchers grow crystal.
Some researchers grow fluorite crystal.
Some researchers grow ragweeds.
Some researchers grow synthetic crystal.
Some researchers hail the trend as good for science.
Some researchers have ages.
Some researchers have an insatiable appetite for dangerous data.
Some researchers have an interesting theory about the Mapinguari.
Some researchers have difficulty.
Some researchers have fungal plants.
Some researchers have hints.
Some researchers have museums.
Some researchers have patients.
Some researchers have plants.
Some researchers have roles.
Some researchers have scorpions.
Some researchers have sheep.
Some researchers have sites.
Some researchers have states.
Some researchers have strange and interesting explanations for the word's evolution.
Some researchers have to be escorted by a guard to reach their office.
Some researchers have versions.
Some researchers hear frogs.
Some researchers help farmers.
Some researchers help health.
Some researchers help human health.
Some researchers hold animals.
Some researchers hope to apply it to obsessive-compulsive disorder and major depressive disorder.
Some researchers identify fungi.
Some researchers identify habitats.
Some researchers identify inability.
Some researchers identify key habitats.
Some researchers identify migration routes.
Some researchers identify persistent plumes.
Some researchers identify plumes.
Some researchers identify proteins.
Some researchers identify routes.
Some researchers identify tapeworms.
Some researchers improve photosynthesis.
Some researchers improve plant photosynthesis.
Some researchers incorporate features.
Some researchers increase voltage.
Some researchers indicate that one out of five young people have had sex by the age of thirteen.
Some researchers infect animals.
Some researchers infect monkeys.
Some researchers interview men.
Some researchers interview old men.
Some researchers introduce mice.
Some researchers investigate effects.
Some researchers investigate variation.
Some researchers involve in development.
Some researchers isolate compounds.
Some researchers isolate substances.
Some researchers keep butterflies.
Some researchers keep research diaries or journals on tape or on their computers.
Some researchers keep research diaries so that they have a record of the methods they used.
Some researchers keep results.
Some researchers kill monkeys.
Some researchers know children.
Some researchers know it.
Some researchers know truth.
Some researchers lead authors.
Some researchers learn about dinosaurs.
Some researchers learn about elephants.
Some researchers learn cheetahs.
Some researchers learn of impact.
Some researchers learn of positive impact.
Some researchers learn orcas.
Some researchers leave dishes.
Some researchers leave rooms.
Some researchers like to conduct multimethod research in a single study.
Some researchers like to keep sources on cards.
Some researchers limit scope.
Some researchers link.
Some researchers look at excretion.
Some researchers look at male rats.
Some researchers look at mastodons.
Some researchers look at photos.
Some researchers look at rats.
Some researchers look at zinc excretion.
Some researchers look for tadpoles.
Some researchers maintain abundances.
Some researchers make a distinction between pedochemical and geochemical weathering.
Some researchers make audio-video recordings.
Some researchers make calls.
Some researchers make sighting.
Some researchers measure body weight.
Some researchers measure exposure.
Some researchers measure magnitudes.
Some researchers measure noise magnitudes.
Some researchers measure time.
Some researchers measure weight.
Some researchers meet with men.
Some researchers now believe they have found the answer.
Some researchers now complain that dopamine 's activity in the brain has been overstated.
Some researchers now suspect that the virus chokes off the supply of new immune cells.
Some researchers now think it's only a matter of time before human cloning actually happens.
Some researchers observe cougars.
Some researchers observe differences.
Some researchers observe entries.
Some researchers observe immigration.
Some researchers observe logic.
Some researchers observe men.
Some researchers observe numbers.
Some researchers observe offspring.
Some researchers observe pressure.
Some researchers observe reductions.
Some researchers observe spiders.
Some researchers observe surfaces.
Some researchers paint pictures.
Some researchers perform emergency surgery.
Some researchers perform surgery.
Some researchers place the figure much lower.
Some researchers point out identical twins.
Some researchers point out twins.
Some researchers point telescopes.
Some researchers point to the drug trade profits as the fuel in the engine of gang migration.
Some researchers pose as members of online support groups to gather data anonymously.
Some researchers pose many problems.
Some researchers pose problems.
Some researchers possess mice.
Some researchers possess pets.
Some researchers predict extinction.
Some researchers predict health.
Some researchers produce images.
Some researchers propose as the next step, socking the immune system with the virus again.
Some researchers propose domestication.
Some researchers provide a searchable database of their interests.
Some researchers provide examples.
Some researchers provide selections.
Some researchers pursue density.
Some researchers pursue rats.
Some researchers question if aggression results from or precipitates child abuse.
Some researchers question the direct and inevitable pattern outlined by social learning theorists.
Some researchers question the idea that human activities are inducing rapid climate change.
Some researchers question the linear sequence of steps in traditional models.
Some researchers question the value of including a fallow slot in the rotation.
Some researchers question whether graywater really poses a significant health risk.
Some researchers question whether the group has found anything significant.
Some researchers raise chimpanzees.
Some researchers reach conclusions.
Some researchers reach different conclusions.
Some researchers reach similar conclusions.
Some researchers receive services.
Some researchers recognize factors.
Some researchers recognize phenomena.
Some researchers recognize samples.
Some researchers recommend conservation effort.
Some researchers recommend effort.
Some researchers recommend focus conservation effort.
Some researchers recommend focus effort.
Some researchers recommend ten as the minimum student enrollment.
Some researchers record predation.
Some researchers recruit men.
Some researchers recruit women.
Some researchers refer to it as port wine.
Some researchers regard it as a combination of factors.
Some researchers relate the de-emphasis of smell to the emergence of complex vision.
Some researchers release animals.
Some researchers release beetles.
Some researchers release lobsters.
Some researchers release sharks.
Some researchers release snails.
Some researchers release turtles.
Some researchers rely on fishermen.
Some researchers rely on structures.
Some researchers remain sceptical about the idea of family conflict in plants.
Some researchers remain skeptical, however.
Some researchers remove cylinders.
Some researchers remove nuclei.
Some researchers remove predators.
Some researchers remove sundews.
Some researchers report animals.
Some researchers report attacks.
Some researchers report availability.
Some researchers report diarrhea.
Some researchers report discoveries.
Some researchers report find similar structures.
Some researchers report fire.
Some researchers report hedgehogs.
Some researchers report levels.
Some researchers report management.
Some researchers report neutron bursts from capacitor discharges through water or ice.
Some researchers report penises.
Some researchers report porcupines.
Some researchers report predation.
Some researchers report raspberries.
Some researchers report regions.
Some researchers report reproduction.
Some researchers report similar structures.
Some researchers report sound.
Some researchers report stock.
Some researchers report structures.
Some researchers report surprise.
Some researchers report testosterone levels.
Some researchers report that chronic pancreatitis is more common in the male than in the female cat.
Some researchers report that it has the ability to strengthen the immune system and reduce tumors.
Some researchers report that, on average, one child per week is abducted and murdered by a stranger.
Some researchers require hosts.
Some researchers rescue sick and injured manatees, and study the causes of death.
Some researchers ride horses.
Some researchers say a captive U.S. population is essential.
Some researchers say changes in DNA open the door to cellular mutations and even cancer.
Some researchers say it has always been in humans, but nobody looked for it.
Some researchers say it reveals a physical form of psychic energy.
Some researchers say it's as much as three-quarters of the total.
Some researchers say making violence seem harmless can cause imitative behavior in kids.
Some researchers say that being on welfare is hereditary.
Some researchers say that's the answer.
Some researchers say the big picture is as much philosophy as science.
Some researchers say the caution over soy is overblown.
Some researchers say the main difficulty is the lack of a single framework.
Some researchers say the similarities are too close to ignore.
Some researchers say there is a link between caffeine intake and reduced fertility.
Some researchers say there's even a benefit from reading to a child before it is born.
Some researchers say up to half of U.S. teenagers fail to get enough sleep.
Some researchers say xenotransplantation is set to become a major industry.
Some researchers say yes.
Some researchers search for the causes of mental illness, particularly schizophrenia, ad infinitum.
Some researchers see bonobos.
Some researchers see proteins.
Some researchers see regions.
Some researchers see snoring as a condition similar to high blood pressure.
Some researchers seek hypertension.
Some researchers seek monkeys.
Some researchers seize squirrels.
Some researchers select areas.
Some researchers select trees.
Some researchers send cash.
Some researchers shoot ducks.
Some researchers shoot rabbits.
Some researchers show antimicrobial properties.
Some researchers show bias.
Some researchers show debts.
Some researchers show distribution.
Some researchers show films.
Some researchers show images.
Some researchers show movement.
Some researchers show plastic films.
Some researchers show properties.
Some researchers simply don t believe in polygonal eyewalls.
Some researchers specialize in assess ecosystem health.
Some researchers specialize in biology.
Some researchers specialize in ecosystem health.
Some researchers specialize in health.
Some researchers specialize in population biology.
Some researchers speculate that caloric reduction works in part by inducing more DNA repair.
Some researchers speculate that extremely low cholesterol is tied to depression.
Some researchers speculate that imprinting evolved in order to establish boundaries between species.
Some researchers speculate that the magnets affect pain receptors in the joints, muscles or brain.
Some researchers speculate that the petroglyphs formed a part of a ritual or ceremonial observance.
Some researchers speculate the prostate produces important enzymes or other chemicals.
Some researchers still contend that the death penalty has a measurable deterrent effect.
Some researchers still doubt human activities are inducing global warming.
Some researchers still doubt that human activities are inducing rapid climate change.
Some researchers still subscribe to the notion that carpenter ant colonies are only monogynous.
Some researchers still subscribe to the theory that solar flares are the cause of CMEs.
Some researchers strongly disagree.
Some researchers study ants.
Some researchers study armadillos.
Some researchers study athletes.
Some researchers study attitude.
Some researchers study bears.
Some researchers study beetles.
Some researchers study biology ecology.
Some researchers study birds.
Some researchers study blood.
Some researchers study bowhead whales.
Some researchers study brain wave patterns.
Some researchers study butterflies.
Some researchers study calves.
Some researchers study capacity.
Some researchers study cattle.
Some researchers study cheetahs.
Some researchers study chickens.
Some researchers study chimpanzees.
Some researchers study complex interaction.
Some researchers study cougars.
Some researchers study crabs.
Some researchers study creep juniper.
Some researchers study dinosaurs.
Some researchers study dogs.
Some researchers study ecology.
Some researchers study electrical capacity.
Some researchers study elephants.
Some researchers study expression.
Some researchers study female athletes.
Some researchers study fetuses.
Some researchers study fireflies.
Some researchers study fish.
Some researchers study gene expression.
Some researchers study genus.
Some researchers study gorillas.
Some researchers study growth.
Some researchers study habits.
Some researchers study hawks.
Some researchers study horses.
Some researchers study insects.
Some researchers study interaction.
Some researchers study jellyfish.
Some researchers study junco genus.
Some researchers study juniper.
Some researchers study killer whale calves.
Some researchers study lions.
Some researchers study lizards.
Some researchers study lobsters.
Some researchers study mammals.
Some researchers study medical students.
Some researchers study men.
Some researchers study mice.
Some researchers study monkeys.
Some researchers study newborn calves.
Some researchers study nutrition habits.
Some researchers study parrots.
Some researchers study patterns of cancer in the population.
Some researchers study patterns.
Some researchers study pigs.
Some researchers study polar bears.
Some researchers study rabbits.
Some researchers study rats.
Some researchers study reproduction.
Some researchers study reptiles.
Some researchers study rodents.
Some researchers study sharks.
Some researchers study sheep.
Some researchers study snakes.
Some researchers study social dominance.
Some researchers study spiders.
Some researchers study students.
Some researchers study termites.
Some researchers study tortoises.
Some researchers study turtles.
Some researchers study use.
Some researchers study viruses.
Some researchers study whales.
Some researchers study women.
Some researchers study worms.
Some researchers suggest a species-wide trauma is taking place in wild elephant populations.
Some researchers suggest accumulation.
Some researchers suggest benefits.
Some researchers suggest chemotherapy.
Some researchers suggest conditions.
Some researchers suggest deficiencies.
Some researchers suggest designs.
Some researchers suggest detection.
Some researchers suggest diets.
Some researchers suggest differences.
Some researchers suggest factors.
Some researchers suggest genus.
Some researchers suggest getting a dog, because having a pet is a calming influence.
Some researchers suggest habitat conditions.
Some researchers suggest inflammation.
Some researchers suggest key differences.
Some researchers suggest lack.
Some researchers suggest phylogeny.
Some researchers suggest reconstruct phylogeny.
Some researchers suggest roles.
Some researchers suggest separate genus.
Some researchers suggest that animals use a variety of plant products.
Some researchers suggest that cat s claw is effective at relieving swelling.
Some researchers suggest that certain branches represent new kingdoms.
Some researchers suggest that commitment to the relationship and to the partner reduces violence.
Some researchers suggest that infection probably occured during childhood.
Some researchers suggest that living near water is an important aspect of their habitat.
Some researchers suggest that only one in ten witnesses actually report their sighting.
Some researchers suggest that phase III diets contain whey or fishmeal.
Some researchers suggest that some microorganisms are essential to earthworms.
Some researchers suggest that teenagers tend to be especially high in sensation seeking.
Some researchers suggest that the B vitamins are even more effective when taken as a group.
Some researchers suggest that they are an ancient, deep-branching eukaryotic lineage.
Some researchers suggest the theory of compressing morbidity into a smaller time frame in old age.
Some researchers suggest there is a loss in the total number of neurons.
Some researchers suggest women try alternates other than marriage and courtship.
Some researchers suspect abnormalities in muscle tissue, whereas others propose a viral cause.
Some researchers suspect most are.
Some researchers suspect that eating too many calories triggers reproduction of cells.
Some researchers take blood samples.
Some researchers take extra precaution.
Some researchers take ice core samples.
Some researchers take precaution.
Some researchers take preliminary steps.
Some researchers take samples.
Some researchers take significant steps.
Some researchers take steps.
Some researchers teach chimpanzees.
Some researchers test metabolism.
Some researchers test responses.
Some researchers theorize that eczema starts in the stomach when acid-base levels become unbalanced.
Some researchers theorize that magnesium deficiency contributes to retinopathy in diabetes.
Some researchers therefore contend that individualist lifestyle is an economic drag.
Some researchers therefore prefer lean body weight to brain mass as a better predictor.
Some researchers think charcoal reduces intestinal gas.
Some researchers think cot death is related to the size of babies' airways.
Some researchers think epinephrine contributes to smokers' increased risk of high blood pressure.
Some researchers think even hands-free phones are hazardous distractions.
Some researchers think it also amplifies the vibrations.
Some researchers think it is an electrical problem, much like a loose or damaged electrical wire.
Some researchers think it's hereditary.
Some researchers think quercetin in red wine protects the heart.
Some researchers think so.
Some researchers think that aerobic exercise releases endorphins in the brain.
Some researchers think that all product variables are interactions.
Some researchers think that it's time for the prostate, seminal vesicles, and other ducts to refuel.
Some researchers think that leptin helps regulate ghrelin.
Some researchers think that many, many years ago, people did use the appendix to digest food.
Some researchers think that smaller fragments of soluble fiber are absorbed into the bloodstream.
Some researchers think that the syndrome is an allergic response to particular foods.
Some researchers threaten frogs.
Some researchers try just a little harder to get workers into their labs.
Some researchers uncover details.
Some researchers understand ecology.
Some researchers understand landscapes.
Some researchers understand metabolic syndromes.
Some researchers understand syndromes.
Some researchers urge leaders to use multiple strategies.
Some researchers use binocularses.
Some researchers use chemistry.
Some researchers use compounds.
Some researchers use computer simulation.
Some researchers use concept maps.
Some researchers use death indexes.
Some researchers use detection dogs.
Some researchers use detectors.
Some researchers use diets.
Some researchers use different elements.
Some researchers use different radioactive elements.
Some researchers use dogs.
Some researchers use ecology.
Some researchers use elements.
Some researchers use embryos.
Some researchers use enzymes.
Some researchers use fat diets.
Some researchers use heat detectors.
Some researchers use helicopters.
Some researchers use indexes.
Some researchers use individuals.
Some researchers use kelp.
Some researchers use laser light.
Some researchers use light.
Some researchers use magnets.
Some researchers use maps.
Some researchers use metal compounds.
Some researchers use radioactive elements.
Some researchers use rules.
Some researchers use satellites.
Some researchers use sensors.
Some researchers use simulation.
Some researchers use states.
Some researchers use sugar.
Some researchers use the modern German postal code to fully identify towns.
Some researchers use the site proximal to and adjacent to the first large scale.
Some researchers use the term inertia instead of persistence.
Some researchers use the term landspouts for similar twisters that form over land instead of water.
Some researchers use tissue.
Some researchers use train detection dogs.
Some researchers use train dogs.
Some researchers view instructional media as delivery vehicles.
Some researchers visit conservative Christian churches in order to gather information.
Some researchers visit sites.
Some researchers watch birds.
Some researchers watch butterflies.
Some researchers watch cats.
Some researchers watch chimpanzees.
Some researchers watch fish.
Some researchers watch horses.
Some researchers watch insects.
Some researchers watch lobsters.
Some researchers watch parrots.
Some researchers watch penguins.
Some researchers watch pigs.
Some researchers watch rabbits.
Some researchers watch snails.
Some researchers watch snakes.
Some researchers watch squirrels.
Some researchers watch turtles.
Some researchers watch wrens.
Some researchers wonder, though, if complexity is being pushed too far.
Some researchers work in a lab.
Some researchers work in areas.
Some researchers work in remote areas.
Some researchers work nights.
Some researchers work on blades.
Some researchers work on human monoclonal antibodies.
Some researchers work on wind turbine blades.
Some researchers work with agencies.
Some researchers work with alligators.
Some researchers work with animals.
Some researchers work with armadillos.
Some researchers work with cattle.
Some researchers work with chimpanzees.
Some researchers work with conservation educators.
Some researchers work with deer.
Some researchers work with dogs.
Some researchers work with educators.
Some researchers work with elephants.
Some researchers work with fish.
Some researchers work with frogs.
Some researchers work with gorillas.
Some researchers work with horses.
Some researchers work with insects.
Some researchers work with lions.
Some researchers work with lobsters.
Some researchers work with local educators.
Some researchers work with mammals.
Some researchers work with mice.
Some researchers work with monkeys.
Some researchers work with parrots.
Some researchers work with penguins.
Some researchers work with pigs.
Some researchers work with rabbits.
Some researchers work with rats.
Some researchers work with snails.
Some researchers work with snakes.
Some researchers work with turtles.
Some researchers work with vertebrates.
Some researchers write in journals.
Resection margins are negative for tumor.
Resection causes considerable morbidity, particularly when bilateral disease is present.
Resection involves cutting around and removing the ulcers.
Resection is an operation
Resection is indicated if there is no bilobar diffusion or metastasis.
Resection is operations.
Resection is surgical procedures.
Resection is the removal of part of a structure.
Resection is usually curative for mature teratoma.
Resection is usually curative.
Resection permits the restoration of normal hoof anatomy.
Resection remains the treatment of choice.
Resection removes the risk of rebleeding and probably reduces the frequency or risk of seizures.
Resection uses an electrosurgical wire loop to remove the lining.
Resection often necessitates a cable graft for reconstruction of the nerve.
Resectional surgery requires accurate identification of the seizure focus.
Resective surgery is now standard practice for patients with medication-refractory epilepsy.
Resemblance is dependent on which sperma is dominant.
Resemblance is good.
Resemblance is similarity
Resemblance isa likeness.
Resemblance relies on signatures for their expression.
Resemblances end here, at the superficial.
Any resemblance is purely coincidental and mainly mental.
Any resemblance is purely coincidental.
Any resemblance led by a small talking dog is purely coincidental.
Resemble cedar leaves.
Resent studies being done on the DNA of discus seem to support the one species theory.
Resent years witness the exponential increase in Internet online transactions.
Resentment also arises from the widening gulf between the haves and have-nots.
Resentment begins to set in.
Resentment builds if the parents go easier on the sick kid.
Resentment builds on both sides.
Resentment builds up.
Resentment builds, counting the hours, then minutes, until tyranny is brought down at last.
Resentment can build up, creating enormous stress on the immune system.
Resentment can build.
Resentment can only grow.
Resentment cotrodes our economy.
Resentment develops on all sides.
Resentment drains sexual desire.
Resentment easily turns to anger and the downward spiral is in motion.
Resentment flows both ways.
Resentment gives way to love.
Resentment goes in rather than out, and can cause disease.
Resentment grows and often becomes anger.
Resentment has extensive roots that run deep within our soul and is nearly impossible to overcome.
Resentment holds the key to the cure.
Resentment is a common result when children lose an argument.
Resentment is a dish best served hot, swimming in a rich sauce of self-pity.
Resentment is a lack of acceptance and a lack of forgiveness.
Resentment is a prison of one's own making.
Resentment is a shameful way of dealing with the past or present.
Resentment is a state which has one always pondering evil against one's rivals.
Resentment is a two-way street.
Resentment is a Victim emotion.
Resentment is an emotion that dwells on competitive strategy and thwarting others.
Resentment is an interesting way of analyzing the relationship between church and state.
Resentment is another obstacle to wholesome communication.
Resentment is another source of pain and suffering.
Resentment is emotional masochism.
Resentment is exhibited on palpation of the back and abdomen.
Resentment is expressed sometimes toward the physician, and sometimes toward the person who died.
Resentment is gray.
Resentment is guaranteed to short-circuit spiritual power.
Resentment is hatred
Resentment is hostilities.
Resentment is inevitable.
Resentment is like taking poison and expecting the other person to die.
Resentment is muted.
Resentment is one of the biggest threats to a marriage.
Resentment is one of the most common thieves of time.
Resentment is utterly impotent.
Resentment is, for all practical purposes, emotional masochism.
Resentment isa emotion.
Resentment presents itself in many different forms.
Resentment runs high, but there is little Macedonia can do about it.
Resentment still exists from both sides.
Resentment still hides under the surface.
Resentment still lingers for some.
Resentment takes the place of submission.
Resentment then builds, and morale then plummets.
Resentments are certainly troublesome.
Resentments are usually a precursor to stinking thinking and cravings usually follow.
Resentments build up and they argue over trifles.
Resentments can build up and drive couples apart.
Resentments can build, yes indeed.
Resentments divide families and co-workers.
Resentments do exist.
Resentments flare over issues of taxation and regulation, which fall outside of local jurisdictions.
Resentments waste our lives.
Resentment sometimes is manifested when one is criticized.
A reserpine is an antihypertensive drug
Reserpine also combats irregular heartbeat and has a sedative effect.
Reserpine can antagonize the inhibitory effects of anticholinergic agents on gastric acid secretion.
Reserpine can cause miosis, which is slight, but can last up to a week after a single dose.
Reserpine can cause various types of sexual dysfunction.
Reserpine crosses the placental barrier.
Reserpine decreases catecholamines since the catecholamines end up getting degraded by enzymes .
Reserpine diminishes the activity of levodopa.
Reserpine diminishes the effects of levodopa.
Reserpine is an antihypertensive drug which also has been used to treat schizophrenia.
Reserpine is considered a sympathomimetic agent, one that targets the sympathetic nervous system.
Reserpine is embryotoxic and has effects on reproduction.
Reserpine is risky, as it can induce depression, impotence, sedation, and dizziness upon standing.
Reserpine is the treatment of choice for choreatic tardive dyskinesia.
Reserpine produces a tranquilizing effect by depletion of catecholamines in the brain.
Reserpine reduces the level of adrenalin-like substances in the body.
Reserpines are drugs.
Reservable Rooms are labs that can be scheduled for classes, seminars, presentations, etc.
Reservable sites are available.
Most reservation systems have a specific sale date.
A reservation is a district
Reservation allows one car entry at park entrance.
Reservation are at least one to three months for weekdays and three to six months for weekends.
Reservation are available.
Reservation are necessary.
Reservation are now available.
Reservation comes from the word reserve.
Reservation has to be made for the use of the CD-ROM facilities due to the limited number of drives.
Reservation includes an alcohol permit, which allows alcohol in immediate vicinity of shelter.
Reservation includes an alcohol permit.
Reservation includes unlimited use of billiards.
Reservation is advised.
Reservation is checked.
Reservation is compulsory.
Reservation is confirmed upon receipt of deposit.
Reservation is confirmed upon receipt of registration.
Reservation is confirmed with a credit card.
Reservation is easy and efficient.
Reservation is essential.
Reservation is established.
Reservation is for individual bunk only.
Reservation is free for student organizations.
Reservation is free of charge.
Reservation is free.
Reservation is guaranteed by a credit card number.
Reservation is guaranteed upon payment of room charge.
Reservation is guaranteed with a credit card.
Reservation is guaranteed with credit card.
Reservation is held for one week pending receipt of full lodging cost.
Reservation is held only with credit card or when check arrives.
Reservation is held with a credit card or prepayment of the total cost.
Reservation is held with a major credit card.
Reservation is highly recommended.
Reservation is linked to rental.
Reservation is made by advising full credit card details to guarantee arrival.
Reservation is made by credit card.
Reservation is necessary.
Reservation is on a first come first serve basis.
Reservation is possible only by supplying a valid credit card number.
Reservation is recommended for long distance travels.
Reservation is recommended.
Reservation is requested two days before the scheduled event.
Reservation is required and it is on first come first serve basis.
Reservation is required by noon two days prior to the meeting.
Reservation is required for all day tours.
Reservation is required for discussion sessions only.
Reservation is required for each trip.
Reservation is required in advance.
Reservation is required.
Reservation is subject to a non-refundable processing fee.
Reservation is suggested.
Reservation is two miles down on the left hand side.
Reservation is valid only after deposit is received for a night's accommodation.
Reservation is valid only after receipt of the letter of confirmation.
Reservation is valid only for two days unless checks are deposited.
Reservation Make online reservations, checking up the room availability calendar.
Reservation permits at the CRC can be no later than midnight.
Reservation policies Our registration policies are designed to accommodate the needs of each guest.
Reservation precedes possible assignment.
Reservation requires a deposit.
Reservation requires credit card guarantee or minimum deposit of one night's room rent.
Reservation requires signed contract and deposit.
Reservations are a contract.
Reservations are a customer service that is taken for granted.
Reservations are a first come first serve basis.
Reservations are a good idea at private campgrounds especially in the prime seasons and on holidays.
Reservations are a good idea during the busy summer months.
Reservations are a good idea for both places.
Reservations are a good idea, because the place is always packed to the walls.
Reservations are a good idea, especially for any school-related events.
Reservations are a good idea, especially on week-ends or during peak lunch hours.
Reservations are a good idea, especially on weekends.
Reservations are a good idea.
Reservations are a very good idea.
Reservations are absolutely essential during the busy summer period.
Reservations are absolutely essential, especially in the high season.
Reservations are absolutely, positively required.
Reservations are accepted on a first come, first serve basis by telephone or in person.
Reservations are accepted on a first come, first serve basis.
Reservations are advisable and can be booked privately.
Reservations are advisable for microfilm or microfiche readers.
Reservations are advisable, particularly in summer.
Reservations are advisable.
Reservations are agreement.
Reservations are almost always a good idea during the summer.
Reservations are almost full for Chicago, New York, and Dallas.
Reservations are almost full with just a few slots left.
Reservations are already very heavy.
Reservations are als compulsory for overnight sleeping facilities.
Reservations are also available through any travel agency.
Reservations are also available through major tour operators.
Reservations are also limited to every other weekend.
Reservations are also possible for the days before and after the workshop.
Reservations are always a good idea, especially for brunch and parties of six or more.
Reservations are always a good idea.
Reservations are always advisable and required for weekend play.
Reservations are always advisable for color printers.
Reservations are always encouraged.
Reservations are always good, and so is the food.
Reservations are always necessary.
Reservations are always optional.
Reservations are always welcome.
Reservations are among the poorest regions of the nation.
Reservations are an absolute necessity for dinner.
Reservations are apon availability.
Reservations are Appreciated.
Reservations are assigned on a first come, first served basis, so please reply early.
Reservations are at an all time high, and repeat viewing is common.
Reservations are available all years.
Reservations are available and recommended.
Reservations are available at cost.
Reservations are available at no extra charge.
Reservations are available at some sites.
Reservations are available by phone, mail or facsimile.
Reservations are available during finals week for hands-on PC exams.
Reservations are available during regular consulting hours.
Reservations are available for a maximum of one hour per day per person.
Reservations are available for a maximum one-week period.
Reservations are available for all trips.
Reservations are available for both on and off-site rentals.
Reservations are available for groups of six or more.
Reservations are available for groups only.
Reservations are available for individual and group activities.
Reservations are available for instructors or TAs.
Reservations are available for large groups or parties.
Reservations are available for lunch and dinner.
Reservations are available for most listings.
Reservations are available for organized groups for standard cave tours.
Reservations are available for parties of six or more.
Reservations are available for portions of the campgrounds.
Reservations are available for skits .
Reservations are available for specific class uses.
Reservations are available for tables of ten.
Reservations are available for the shelters at several of the parks.
Reservations are available for use only for their designated purposes.
Reservations are available from Memorial Day to Labor Day.
Reservations are available in some areas.
Reservations are available nightly, weekly and seasonally.
Reservations are available on line.
Reservations are available online seven days a week during the winter season.
Reservations are available through ticket and travel agencies.
Reservations are available year round on a first come first served basis.
Reservations are available.
Reservations are bad.
Reservations are best.
Reservations are binding at the time they are made.
Reservations are booked first come, first serve.
Reservations are by application and deposit only.
Reservations are by application only.
Reservations are by e-mail.
Reservations are by mail and accepted in the spring for the next school year.
Reservations are by payment only.
Reservations are by phone or online.
Reservations are by receipt of check.
Reservations are commitments for the entire period requested.
Reservations are commitments for the full period requested.
Reservations are complete when full payment is received within two weeks of arrival.
Reservations are compulsory for each journey.
Reservations are compulsory for travel in sleepers or couchettes.
Reservations are compulsory.
Reservations are conditional upon the availability of the facilitators.
Reservations are contingent upon space availability and approval of the review committee.
Reservations are currently available.
Reservations are desirable and sometimes essential.
Reservations are difficult to come by for such a trip, so book early.
Reservations are difficult.
Reservations are down, because passengers are apprehensive.
Reservations are due by spring break.
Reservations are due one week before the class date.
Reservations are due tomorrow.
Reservations are easier to obtain for dates following labor day.
Reservations are easy to make with a credit card.
Reservations are encouraged and can be made by phone with a charge card.
Reservations are encouraged and can be secured with any major credit card.
Reservations are encouraged and partial deposits are payable upon booking.
Reservations are encouraged, but walk-ins are always welcome depending on vacancy.
Reservations are encouraged, but walk-ins are welcome.
Reservations are encouraged, especially on weekends, however walk-ins are welcome.
Reservations are encouragedas the demand for permits far exceeds the supply.
Reservations are especially important for holiday weekends and busy summer weekends.
Reservations are essential - guests are welcome by prior arrangement.
Reservations are essential and first-class travel is advised.
Reservations are essential and space is limited.
Reservations are essential and subject to availability.
Reservations are essential as the number of visitors per day is strictly limited.
Reservations are essential at many of the more famous restaurants, especially on weekends.
Reservations are essential at many of the more-famous restaurants, particularly on weekends.
Reservations are essential at peak times.
Reservations are essential during peak season.
Reservations are essential for most express services.
Reservations are essential for utilizing alpine huts in summer months, especially on weekends.
Reservations are essential in the street's celebrated restaurants.
Reservations are essential on weekends.
Reservations are essential to ensure that space is available.
Reservations are essential.
Reservations are final after check is received.
Reservations are final only with telephone confirmation.
Reservations are final upon confirmation of availability and subsequent receipt of deposit.
Reservations are firm and non-refundable.
Reservations are firm when a deposit has been made.
Reservations are firm.
Reservations are first come, first serve.
Reservations are for a maximum of two hours per day.
Reservations are for a picnic area only.
Reservations are for a reason.
Reservations are for a set number of guests.
Reservations are for a specific number of guests.
Reservations are for a two week period.
Reservations are for fields as is.
Reservations are for full day program participants only.
Reservations are for half hour sessions.
Reservations are for members only.
Reservations are for nine holes only.
Reservations are for one hour and start on the hour.
Reservations are for one hour of court play per day.
Reservations are for one hour sessions.
Reservations are for one hour, starting and ending on the hour.
Reservations are for one-hour periods, beginning at the top of the hour.
Reservations are for planning purposes.
Reservations are for shelters only.
Reservations are for the entire period of the confirmed reservation.
Reservations are for walk-in patrons on a first come first served basis.
Reservations are free and confirmed instantly online.
Reservations are free and confirmed instantly.
Reservations are free and more spaces are now available.
Reservations are free of charge and are on a first come-first serve basis.
Reservations are free.
Reservations are from noon to noon.
Reservations are from one day to one month.
Reservations are full.
Reservations are fully refundable at any time.
Reservations are good for ten minutes after scheduled starting time.
Reservations are good for the upcoming week only.
Reservations are hard enough to get as it is.
Reservations are hard to get for backcountry travel, call early.
Reservations are helpful for bringing a car.
Reservations are helpful when planning expenses and space requirements.
Reservations are highly encouraged.
Reservations are highly recommended and appreciated.
Reservations are highly recommended and dress code does apply.
Reservations are highly recommended and patience is a virtue on busy nights.
Reservations are highly recommended and wheelchairs can be accommodated.
Reservations are highly recommended by most restaurants, so call soon.
Reservations are highly recommended, as space is limited and beginning to fill.
Reservations are highly recommended, but walk-ins are welcome.
Reservations are highly recommended, call for walk-on availability.
Reservations are highly recommended, especially during the summer months.
Reservations are highly recommended, especially on weekends.
Reservations are highly recommended.
Reservations are imperative.
Reservations are important, since guests of the resort dine there as part of their stay.
Reservations are in order.
Reservations are just a phone call away.
Reservations are limited and are accepted on a first-come basis.
Reservations are limited and filling fast.
Reservations are limited and made on a first-come basis.
Reservations are limited and offered on a space-available basis.
Reservations are limited and on a first-come basis.
Reservations are limited and subject to availability.
Reservations are limited and taken according to postmark.
Reservations are limited because of special meal preparation.
Reservations are limited so call today to ensure availability.
Reservations are limited to a maximum of one week.
Reservations are limited to a maximum of two hours per user per day without special authorization.
Reservations are limited to eight anglers a day.
Reservations are limited to five staff members.
Reservations are limited to four hours per day per group.
Reservations are limited to members only.
Reservations are limited to non-profit groups.
Reservations are limited to one full semester for organized events.
Reservations are limited to one hour of playing time per day.
Reservations are limited to one hour per day.
Reservations are limited to one table of four per day.
Reservations are limited to seven students and one teacher per school.
Reservations are limited to thirty people due to space constraints.
Reservations are limited to two hours per day.
Reservations are limited to two people per company per event.
Reservations are limited to use within two weeks only.
Reservations are limited, and early registration is strongly recommended.
Reservations are limited, no more than six months in advance.
Reservations are limited, so call now.
Reservations are limited, so call well in advance.
Reservations are limited, so please call well in advance.
Reservations are limited.
Reservations are Limited.
Reservations are made on a first come, first serve basis.
Reservations are made on first come, first serve basis and depend on tour staff availability.
Reservations are mandatory and seats are limited.
Reservations are mandatory during busy times and special event weekends.
Reservations are mandatory for all groups of four to seven canoes.
Reservations are mandatory for all meetings.
Reservations are mandatory for any of the four scheduled tours.
Reservations are mandatory for both train and bus.
Reservations are mandatory for seats and the dining car.
Reservations are mandatory on all trains and are subject to an additional fee.
Reservations are mandatory, as seating is limited and free parking is available.
Reservations are mandatory.
Reservations are more than strongly recommended.
Reservations are most important.
Reservations are necessarey for the public tours.
Reservations are necessary , and cost is payable at the door.
Reservations are necessary .
Reservations are necessary along with vaccinations that are up to date.
Reservations are necessary and a fee applies.
Reservations are necessary and all sales are final.
Reservations are necessary and are approved on a first come basis.
Reservations are necessary and can be made at the visitor center.
Reservations are necessary and can be made by calling the church office.
Reservations are necessary and can be obtained by the calling the Temple office.
Reservations are necessary and come in three classes.
Reservations are necessary and group rates are available.
Reservations are necessary and space is limited.
Reservations are necessary and waits are common.
Reservations are necessary as seating is limited.
Reservations are necessary at all of the huts.
Reservations are necessary by tomorrow.
Reservations are necessary due to limited space.
Reservations are necessary due to seating.
Reservations are necessary during our busy summer months.
Reservations are necessary during peak times and they require payment.
Reservations are necessary during the winter season.
Reservations are necessary for a first class seat.
Reservations are necessary for all events.
Reservations are necessary for all groups.
Reservations are necessary for all of our other offerings and are on a first come-first serve basis.
Reservations are necessary for all performances.
Reservations are necessary for all programs.
Reservations are necessary for all services.
Reservations are necessary for both places.
Reservations are necessary for bringing a car.
Reservations are necessary for convenience.
Reservations are necessary for groups and recommended for small parties.
Reservations are necessary for groups but individuals are welcome any time.
Reservations are necessary for groups larger than eight.
Reservations are necessary for lodgings in the summer months.
Reservations are necessary for lunch and dinner, and there is a no-tipping policy.
Reservations are necessary for parties of six or more.
Reservations are necessary for some of the events.
Reservations are necessary for supper.
Reservations are necessary for the dinner.
Reservations are necessary for the plan.
Reservations ARE necessary for the return trip.
Reservations are necessary for the weekends.
Reservations are necessary for weekends.
Reservations are necessary in advance of the program.
Reservations are necessary in advance.
Reservations are necessary on all music cruises.
Reservations are necessary on the weekends.
Reservations are necessary on weekends.
Reservations are necessary only for groups.
Reservations are necessary only for large groups.
Reservations are necessary only for parties larger than ten.
Reservations are necessary so that adequate materials can be provided.
Reservations are necessary so the restaurant can prepare the correct amount of food.
Reservations are necessary to attend.
Reservations are necessary to ensure adequate supply of handouts and food.
Reservations are necessary to ensure sufficient volunteers are available.
Reservations are necessary to guarantee passage.
Reservations are necessary to learn the fascinating history of the railroad tunnel.
Reservations are necessary to milk the cows during the week.
Reservations are necessary to provide adequate supervision.
Reservations are necessary to secure a site.
Reservations are necessary to use the duplicating equipment.
Reservations are necessary two days in advance as space is limited.
Reservations are necessary with full payment.
Reservations are necessary, and age and size limits apply.
Reservations are necessary, and it does fill up.
Reservations are necessary, as space is limited.
Reservations are necessary, book early.
Reservations are necessary, but all members are encouraged to attend.
Reservations are necessary, especially during hunting season.
Reservations are necessary, health certificates are required and no stallions, please.
Reservations are necessary.
Reservations are Necessary.
Reservations are neither necessary nor possible.
Reservations are nessasary.
Reservations are never a substitute for a firm stand.
Reservations are non changeable.
Reservations are non refundable and non exchangeable.
Reservations are non refundable except in the case of weather cancellation.
Reservations are non transferable.
Reservations are non-refundable if cancelled after payment in full date.
Reservations are nonrefundable, but transferable for above date only.
Reservations are non-refundable.
Reservations are nonrefundable.
Reservations are non-transferable between vehicles.
Reservations are non-transferable.
Reservations are nontransferable.
Reservations are now available at most state park golf courses.
Reservations are now available on-line.
Reservations are now available.
Reservations are now in progress.
Reservations are now open.
Reservations are often made up to a year in advance, so early contact is suggested.
Reservations are often necessary to get into big room shows.
Reservations are on a first come basis and subject to space availability.
Reservations are on a first come basis.
Reservations are on a first come first serve bases.
Reservations are on a first come first serve basis.
Reservations are on a first come first served basis.
Reservations are on a first come, first serve basis and a deposit is required.
Reservations are on a first come, first serve basis now.
Reservations are on a first come, first serve basis.
Reservations are on a first come, first-served basis.
Reservations are on a first come-first serve basis and are based on babysitter availability.
Reservations are on a first received basis.
Reservations are on a first-come basis.
Reservations are on a first-come, first serve basis.
Reservations are on a first-come, first served basis.
Reservations are on a first-served, first come basis.
Reservations are on a space and rate available basis only.
Reservations are on a space available basis.
Reservations are on a strict first-come basis.
Reservations are on an availability basis only.
Reservations are on first come, first serve basis.
Reservations are on the hour.
Reservations are one hour in duration.
Reservations are one hour in length and are made on the half hour.
Reservations are one of the stickiest issues for restaurants and their patrons.
Reservations are ongoing.
Reservations are only available for large camper caravans.
Reservations are open to church members and the general public.
Reservations are open to the public.
Reservations are optional but are recommended in order to guarantee a start date.
Reservations are optional but recommended.
Reservations are optional.
Reservations are pleasant to make, and on top of it no questions too stupid to answer.
Reservations are possible only for rental periods of two days or longer.
Reservations are possible through the application form.
Reservations are possible.
Reservations are preferable.
Reservations are preferred .
Reservations are preferred and attire is dressy to casually neat.
Reservations are preferred for parties of ten or more.
Reservations are preferred to assure a time.
Reservations are preferred, and a deposit is requested.
Reservations are preferred, and the restaurant only accepts parties of two or more.
Reservations are preferred, but walk-in requests are accommodated whenever possible.
Reservations are preferred, but walk-ins are welcome.
Reservations are preferred, with tours limited to ten persons.
Reservations are preferred.
Reservations are preservation.
Reservations are pre-set.
Reservations are pretty much a necessity on weekends.
Reservations are processed on a first come, first serve basis.
Reservations are provisional only until receipt of deposit.
Reservations are quick and easy on-line, or by phone.
Reservations are readily available.
Reservations are recomended, and valet parking is available.
Reservations are recommend and boats leave from Isle of Palms Marina.
Reservations are recommend.
Reservations are Recommended All major credit cards accepted.
Reservations are recommended, seating is limited.
Reservations are recommended, so please call ahead to check availability.
Reservations are Recommended.
Reservations are refundable, but are subject to cancellation charges.
Reservations are renewable for a fee.
Reservations are requested on the web and confirmation is sent by email.
Reservations are required and gentlemen are required to wear jackets, ties are optional.
Reservations are required and space is limited, so register early.
Reservations are required and space is limited.
Reservations are required as tour times can change without notice.
Reservations are required for all cruises, so please call ahead.
Reservations are required for all seminars, so call ahead.
Reservations are required for lunch, so please call ahead.
Reservations are required for most recreation, so be sure to call ahead.
Reservations are required for several of the events, so pre-registration is recommended.
Reservations are required for tours, so call ahead.
Reservations are required to hike the trail and a trail use permit is required.
Reservations are required, offer subject to availability.
Reservations are required, seating is limited.
Reservations are required, so call ahead.
Reservations are required, so call in advance.
Reservations are required, so please ask when making reservations.
Reservations are required, so please have dates in mind to book hunts.
Reservations are required, space is limited.
Reservations are Required.
Reservations are simple.
Reservations are site specific.
Reservations are sjubject ot availability.
Reservations are sometimes hard to come by.
Reservations are sometimes hard to get.
Reservations are statements.
Reservations are still available but time is growing short.
Reservations are still available for the smorgasbord and afternoon concert.
Reservations are still available.
Reservations are still possible, although limited is number.
Reservations are strictly on a first come first serve basis.
Reservations are strongly encouraged and a dress code is observed.
Reservations are strongly encouraged and space is limited.
Reservations are strongly suggested, most nights the restaurant is filled.
Reservations are subject to availability and are offered on a first come first served basis.
Reservations are subject to availability and confirmation.
Reservations are subject to availability and conformation.
Reservations are subject to availability and hourly rates are based on the amount of space needed.
Reservations are subject to availability of photographer.
Reservations are subject to availability so reserve in advance.
Reservations are subject to availability, blackout dates, and certain restrictions apply.
Reservations are subject to availability, please call to make a reservation.
Reservations are subject to availability.
Reservations are subject to availablilty.
Reservations are subject to availablity.
Reservations are subject to change in the event of a full-ship charter.
Reservations are subject to confirmation.
Reservations are subject to hotel availability and black out dates.
Reservations are subject to management confirmation.
Reservations are subject to regular reservation and cancellation policies.
Reservations are subject to room availability.
Reservations are subject to space availability.
Reservations are subject to space, room, and equipment availability.
Reservations are subject to vendors' cancellation and refund policies.
Reservations are subject to verification and equipment availability.
Reservations are suggested, so please click here to fill out our reservation form.
Reservations are taken on a first come, first serve basis.
Reservations are tentative until a contract, with deposit is returned within ten business days.
Reservations are tentative until a deposit is received.
Reservations are the responsibility of each participant.
Reservations are the responsibility of the attendee.
Reservations are the responsibility of the individual.
Reservations are the responsibility of the traveler.
Reservations are tight over that weekend - the holiday and vacations.
Reservations are to be confirmed in writing no later than five working days following a request.
Reservations are to be handled individually.
Reservations are to be made at least two hours prior to the time of the reservation.
Reservations are to be made at the time of registration.
Reservations are to be made by each individual as soon as possible.
Reservations are to be made by the traveler.
Reservations are to be made directly by the meeting participant with the hotels listed below.
Reservations are to be made directly with the hotel.
Reservations are to be made in advance via fax, phone, email or mail.
Reservations are to be made in advance.
Reservations are to be made over the phone.
Reservations are to be made utilizing the standard university travel form.
Reservations are transferable to other people or to other dates with seven days prior notice.
Reservations are transferable within a department or organization.
Reservations are transferable.
Reservations are transferrable.
Reservations are unnecessary for parties of eight or less.
Reservations are unnecessary, and the place is often almost full during lunch hour.
Reservations are unnecessary.
Reservations are usually necessary.
Reservations are valid only upon receipt of payment.
Reservations are very helpful.
Reservations are very important.
Reservations are very limited and required.
Reservations are very limited, so call months in advance.
Reservations are welcome at any time.
Reservations are welcome.
Reservations are well advised for all shows .
Reservations are wise almost anytime of the year.
Reservations are wise.
Reservations are, of course, essential.
Reservations are, of course, necessary at that time.
Reservations begin and end on the hour.
Reservations begin on the hour with a five-minute grace period.
Reservations begin on the hour with a ten minute grace period.
Reservations begin one week in advance.
Reservations Call one week in advance for weekday times.
Reservations can also be by mail, phone or fax.
Reservations can be tough to get.
Reservations can sometimes be tough.
Reservations Check out our reservation information page.
Reservations close one week before each tea date.
Reservations close the day prior or when tour fills, whichever comes first.
Reservations come highly recommended as are jackets, for men.
Reservations coming in early, so sign up today.
Reservations Complete the form fields below to request a reservation in our dining room.
Reservations constitute a final commitment for the activity.
Reservations defeat the purpose of ratifying instruments and are thus counter-productive.
Reservations differ from one another as well.
Reservations do have priority over first come, first serve.
Reservations Enjoy a la carte services and packages.
Reservations ensure that the hotel can prepare enough food.
Reservations Enter a room type, market code and dates and the system chooses the correct room rate.
Reservations Feel free to Search our Database as well.
Reservations fill quickly.
Reservations fill up early for the spring, so make arrangements as soon as possible.
Reservations fill up quickly and are limited.
Reservations fill up quickly, so get there early.
Reservations fill up quickly.
Reservations Find the right room at the right price.
Reservations Form Please fill in the applicable areas in the form below.
Reservations generally have to be made at least a month in advance.
Reservations get a discount.
Reservations go early, here, so think ahead.
Reservations guarantee seating.
Reservations guaranteed to a credit card are subject to same terms and conditions as a cash deposit.
Reservations have first priority.
Reservations have priority over walk-in users.
Reservations have priority over walk-ins.
Reservations have to be made by mail.
Reservations have to be made directly with the hotel by phone.
Reservations have to be made directly with the respective company.
Reservations have to be made directly with the respective hotel.
Reservations have to be made in advance, and walk-ins often are turned away.
Reservations have to be made months in advance.
Reservations Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Reservations help the presenter budget for refreshments, chairs, and party hats.
Reservations intend to limit the degree to which a state has to guarantee a particular right.
Reservations is another matter.
Reservations is closed, sir.
Reservations is for individual bunk only.
Reservations is information.
Reservations limited, so call well in advance.
Reservations made after that date are on a space available basis only.
Reservations made after that date are on a space or rate available basis.
Reservations made after that date are subject to space and rate availability.
Reservations made after that time are subject to availability.
Reservations made after the cut off date are subject to availability and rate increases.
Reservations made are subject to confirmation.
Reservations made by a travel agent through a tour operator are subject to a booking fee.
Reservations made on line are subject to date and time verification for availability.
Reservations made on the day of play are free, but open courts are scarce.
Reservations made within a month are due in full upon booking.
Reservations ordinarily have to be made at least four to six months in advance.
Reservations paid in advance are essential .
Reservations perform two functions.
Reservations quaranteed only upon receipt of payment.
Reservations req .
Reservations req'd due to limited seating.
Reservations req'd, childcare avail.
Reservations require a confirmation deposit.
Reservations require a credit card charge or cash deposit.
Reservations require a credit card confirmation.
Reservations require a credit card for booking.
Reservations require a credit card guarantee or a deposit by check or cash.
Reservations require a credit card guarantee or one night non-refundable advance deposit.
Reservations require a credit card guarantee or prepayment.
Reservations require a credit card to hold , or a deposit equal to one nights room rate plus tax.
Reservations require a deposit equal to one night's stay.
Reservations require a deposit of one night's rent.
Reservations require a deposit of the first night rental.
Reservations require a deposit.
Reservations require a full deposit.
Reservations require a guarantee by credit card or check.
Reservations require a guarantee by credit card.
Reservations require a non-refundable deposit covering the last two nights of the rental.
Reservations require a non-refundable deposit equal to the first night's moorage.
Reservations require a nonrefundable deposit.
Reservations require a one night guarantee or deposit to hold the room.
Reservations require a one-night room deposit by check, money order or a credit card guarantee.
Reservations require a valid credit card .
Reservations require advance payment by check equal to one night s lodging.
Reservations require advance payment for at least three nights for camper sites and shelters.
Reservations require advance payment for one night by check or credit card.
Reservations require at least two weeks notice.
Reservations require credit card confirmation.
Reservations require credit card guarantee.
Reservations require deposit by check or cash.
Reservations require deposit No pets.
Reservations require first night deposit.
Reservations require full advance payment.
Reservations require min.
Reservations require no deposits.
Reservations require one night deposit, balance due upon arrival.
Reservations require one night deposit.
Reservations require one night's deposit in advance.
Reservations require one night's deposit or a credit card number to guarantee the room.
Reservations require one nights deposit.
Reservations require one night's deposit.
Reservations require one night's fee in advance.
Reservations require partial payment.
Reservations require payment.
Reservations require prepayment.
Reservations require the security of a credit card imprint.
Reservations require two weeks advance notice.
Reservations require up front payment of one night plus taxes.
Reservations required - see below.
Reservations required and space is limited.
Reservations required as seating is limited.
Reservations required since space is limited.
Reservations Required, call for more information.
Reservations requires input of city name and suggested price.
Reservations Reserving an exhibition time is easy.
Reservations run from noon of the first date to noon of the last date.
Reservations run from noon of the first day's stay to noon of the last day.
Reservations scheduled, click on date to see available times.
Reservations Seating for the series is limited.
Reservations secure ample space.
Reservations Send mail with questions or comments about our Web site.
Reservations shown include confirmed and unconfirmed reservations.
Reservations Sign up for any of our numerous trips and tours as well as our Instructional programs.
Reservations stifle new breath.
Reservations take a week or more.
Reservations take priority over drop-ins.
Reservations take priority over walk-in users.
Reservations taken on a first come, first serve basis.
Reservations Use the search form below to find hotels and make reservations all over the world.
Reservations using a free ticket is subject to availability.
Reservations welcome for any meal.
Reservations welcome for any size party at any time.
Reservations welcome, recommended on weekends.
Reservation always open for unguided touring.
Reservations always end ten minutes before the hour or half hour.
Reservations always take precedence over the waiting list.
All reservation are subject to availability at the time of booking.
All reservation are subject to availability.
All reservations also have a two-day minimum.
All reservations are final and subject to our booking and cancellation policy .
All reservations are final and subject to our cancellation policy .
All reservations are final and subject to our reservation and cancellation policy .
All reservations are final.
All reservations are for one hour only.
All reservations are for one hour.
All reservations are for shared occupancy with common baths.
All reservations are for two nights.
All reservations are made on a first come, first serve basis.
All reservations are non-refundable .
All reservations are non-refundable.
All reservations are on a first come first serve basis.
All reservations are on a first come first served basis.
All reservations are on a first come, first serve basis.
All reservations are on a first-come basis.
All reservations are on a first-come, first serve availability basis .
All reservations are on a first-come, first serve basis.
All reservations are on a space available basis.
All reservations are on a written confirmation basis only.
All reservations are on request.
All reservations are payable by bank check, certified check, money order.
All reservations are payable by credit card, bank check, certified check, money order.
All reservations are payable in advance.
All reservations are pending management approval, according to organization standing.
All reservations are strictly confidential.
All reservations are subject to a departure clean-up charge.
All reservations are subject to a processing fee, sales tax, cleaning fee, and a damage deposit.
All reservations are subject to acceptance and confirmation by hotel.
All reservations are subject to accommodations availability.
All reservations are subject to analyst availability.
All reservations are subject to availability and normal booking and cancellation policies apply.
All reservations are subject to availability at the time of booking.
All reservations are subject to availability.
All reservations are subject to availibilty.
All reservations are subject to confirmation and to conditions beyond our control.
All reservations are subject to confirmation.
All reservations are subject to final approval of management.
All reservations are subject to hotel guarantee and cancellation policies.
All reservations are subject to Inn availability.
All reservations are subject to local room tax.
All reservations are subject to our Cancellation Policy.
All reservations are subject to our full terms and conditions for hire.
All reservations are subject to our reservation terms and conditions .
All reservations are subject to our reservation terms and conditions.
All reservations are subject to prior reservations.
All reservations are subject to space availability.
All reservations are subject to the signing of a rental contract.
All reservations are subject unless a deposit is received.
All reservations are tentative until confirmed by telephone or E-mail.
All reservations are tentative until confirmed.
All reservations are tentative until formally confirmed.
ALL reservations are tentative until the completed form is received.
All reservations are tentative until the estimated event charges are paid.
All reservations are to be guaranteed by check, money order, or credit card.
All reservations are to be made by contacting the hotels directly by telephone.
All reservations are to be made by the students or their company.
All reservations are to be made individually.
All reservations are to be made through our office with the Hosting Coordinator.
All reservations are transferable.
All reservations begin and end on the hour.
All reservations begin on the hour.
All reservations come on a first come, first serve basis.
All reservations have a seven day cancellation period.
All reservations have a three day cancellation policy.
All reservations have to be guaranteed by credit card, deposit, travel agency or company.
All reservations have to be prearrange and confirmed.
All reservations have to be prearranged and confirmed.
All reservations made under the Internet promotional rate are net, non-commissionable.
All reservations request are subject to availability.
All reservations require a credit card at check-in.
All reservations require a credit card for prepayment.
All reservations require a credit card guarantee or check for a one night advance deposit.
All reservations require a credit card guarantee.
All reservations require a credit card number and expiration date.
All reservations require a credit card number for confirmation.
All reservations require a credit card or other suitable guarantee payment.
All reservations require a credit card to be guaranteed.
All reservations require a credit card to ensure seating.
All reservations require a credit card to secure a room.
All reservations require a credit card.
All reservations require a departmental budget code.
All reservations require a deposit amount determined by room rate and length of stay.
All reservations require a deposit by credit card or payment in full.
All reservations require a deposit equal to one night's stay.
All reservations require a deposit equal to the first and last night's stay.
All reservations require a deposit equal to the first night of stay, plus tax, per person.
All reservations require a deposit of one night's room and tax.
All reservations require a deposit of one-night s room and tax.
All reservations require a deposit.
All reservations require a first night room deposit by check or credit card.
All reservations require a first night's deposit as a guarantee.
All reservations require a first-night room deposit.
All reservations require a guarantee by a major credit card with expiry date only.
All reservations require a guarantee by a valid credit card with expiry date.
All reservations require a guarantee by a valid credit card.
All reservations require a major credit card for guarantee at time of confirmation.
All reservations require a minimum of one night deposit per three night stay.
All reservations require a one night deposit.
All reservations require a one night non-refundable deposit.
All reservations require a one night s deposit in advance either by check or credit card.
All reservations require a one night's deposit or a credit card to guarantee a reservation.
All reservations require a one-night advance deposit by check or major credit card.
All reservations require a one-night deposit by check or credit card.
All reservations require a one-night deposit.
All reservations require a one-night room and tax deposit.
All reservations require a prepaid deposit.
All reservations require a two night deposit at the time of booking.
All reservations require a two night minimum.
All reservations require a two-night deposit at time of booking.
All reservations require a two-night deposit except holidays which require complete advance payment.
All reservations require a valid credit card to guarantee the reservation.
All reservations require a valid credit card.
All reservations require credit card deposit.
All reservations require credit card payment.
All reservations require either a credit card or deposit in the amount of one nights room, plus tax.
All reservations require full payment at time of reservation request.
All reservations require half week's rentals as deposit.
All reservations require min.
All reservations require one day rental deposit.
All reservations require one night's deposit.
All reservations require one night's lodging deposit.
All reservations require prepayment.
All reservations require the equivalent of the first and last night's stay as a deposit.
All reservations use our secure server.
Any reservation is subject to price change and availability until the deposit is made.
Any reservation made after that date is subject to availability.
Any reservations made within a month of the departure date require full payment.
Any reservations tell the others.
Every reservation includes thirty minutes for cleanup time.
Every reservation includes thirty minutes for setup time.
Every reservations is attached with an incentive.
Many reservations are among the poorest and least developed parts of the United States.
Many reservations are in remote, inconvenient locations on land that nobody else wanted.
Many Reservations have a wealth of natural gas and other energy resources such as coal.
Most reservations are for three or four days before New Year's Day and two or three days after.
Most reservations are opn.
Most reservations have poor soil for farming or for grazing animals.
Most reservations have some areas and seasons where crime is more concentrated than others.
Most reservations now have significant bison herds.
Most reservations require a credit card number to confirm a reservation.
Most reservations require full payment up front and no refund for cancellations.
Some reservations are as small as a few acres, and some tribes hold no land at all.
Some reservations are available only by telephone.
Some reservations are open to the public and the inhabitants welcome visitors.
Reservations systems are the next area in which Asian airlines and hotels are likely to invest.
A reserve bank is a bank
Reserve banks make loans to member banks.
A reserve clause is a clause
Reserve clauses tend to keep salaries low.
Reserve duty can also hinder professional advancement and business profitability.
Reserve duty offers benefits without leaving home Release No.
Reserve forces are increasingly important.
Reserve forces provide critical capabilities.
A reserve fund is a reserve
Reserve fund is formed at the expense of annual deductions thereto.
Reserve funds are an important part of the cash flow operation of any local government.
Reserve funds are available if necessary.
Reserve funds are available to allow for changing needs.
Reserve funds are more flexible.
Reserve grade is estimated metal content of an ore body, based on reserve calculations.
Reserve lists are valid for a limited period of time.
All reserve lists are available for searching from the terminals in the library.
Reserve officers augment the regular staff.
Reserve officers carry full police powers.
Reserve officers review financial statements.
Reserve parachutes are packed and deployed differently.
Reserve players are the first tie-breaker for categories.
Reserve price Have a look around the site before posting an auction.
Reserve price is used for several reasons.
Reserve service is intended for Required Readings Only.
Reserve services are also available at all other branch and departmental libraries.
Reserve systems are different.
Reserve wines are always more limited and more difficult to find than regular bottlings.
Reserve wines come from specially selected vineyards.
A reserve is propriety
Reserve accounting for bad debts for tax purposes is an issue affecting only smaller institutions.
Reserve allows many students to equally share class assigned readings.
Reserve also houses an audiovisual collection of veterinary material.
Reserve assumes no responsibility for delays in the receipt of wired or mailed funds.
Reserve begins to melt.
Reserve comes in two packages.
Reserve Consists of short essay questions and answers in major areas of law.
Reserve contains material required for some supplementary assignments.
Reserve continues to monitor debt levels and credit conditions more generally.
Reserve creates and becomes the first to offer brokerage clients combined statements.
Reserve crumbs that fall off.
Reserve dates well in advance.
Reserve dates with the mover.
Reserve follow same rule.
Reserve handles on the lower right or upper left.
Reserve is a course support service designed to assist academics in their teaching.
Reserve is a margin, the gas in the tank or the cushion in the account.
Reserve is located on the first floor in the Limited Loan area behind the service desk.
Reserve is open daily, dawn to dusk.
Reserve is required.
Reserve is surprisingly diverse.
Reserve is well signposted.
Reserve juices that accumulated in pan.
Reserve marinate for basting.
Reserve needs no special client software.
Reserve needs take precedence over individual research needs.
Reserve offers local, long distance, cellular, paging and Internet services.
Reserve Offers tips on studying for exams and contains sample questions and answers.
Reserve online Stay in a castle on the countryside or right in the middle of the City.
Reserve oranges for another use and place peel in food processor fitted with steel blade.
Reserve oranges for fruit platter.
Reserve places early and pay summer supplement.
Reserve Provides outlining recommendations.
Reserve pull up's have to be extracted very slowly and only from below the ripcord pins.
Reserve quotes to drive points home, to add life, to bring emotion into a piece.
Reserve seating for all home game is still available.
Reserve seating tickets are available in dozens of colors , styles and sizes .
Reserve seeks candidates for .
Reserve shells for making the soup.
Reserve shells for the broth.
Reserve sodas for special occasions.
Reserve tops for 'lids'.
Reserve tours one day to one year in advance.
Reserve wins one extra point.
Reserves accumulate in the fall as top-growth dies.
Reserves already have item records attached.
Reserves also allow fish to reach their breeding age.
Reserves also occur offshore to the north and north-west.
Reserves also protect habitat, evolutionary processes and ecological support systems.
Reserves also serve as reference areas to identify how an unexploited ecosystem functions.
Reserves also work shifts when a full time officer needs off.
Reserves are accumulation.
Reserves are already-identified mineral deposits from which minerals can be extracted profitably.
Reserves are always a crucial indicator of any country's economic condition.
Reserves are available for all items.
Reserves are available in paper and electronic format.
Reserves are available to both adult and juvenile borrowers.
Reserves are available to help shore up some programs in the short term.
Reserves are balances held at the fed.
Reserves are by definition smaller than resources.
Reserves are citizens who wish to give something back to their community through service.
Reserves are coal deposits that can be mined using today's mining methods and technology.
Reserves are extensive, however, grades are low.
Reserves are for either two hours or two days.
Reserves are for faculty, staff and student use only.
Reserves are for items that are checked out only.
Reserves are for use only in the library unless otherwise specified by the instructor.
Reserves are fully certified peace officers who work part time and are non-paid.
Reserves are general and specific reserves available to absorb loan and other credit losses.
Reserves are generally for in library use only.
Reserves are healthy.
Reserves are high-demand items, usually required readings for current courses.
Reserves are limited.
Reserves are low, however, and pressure is on to exploit new deposits.
Reserves are lowest during the early vegetative period and highest at full maturity.
Reserves are merely an issue of money, but a grudge can last for a century.
Reserves are nearly universal in on-line auctions.
Reserves are non-existent and people are hungry.
Reserves are predominantly liquids-rich natural gas and light oil.
Reserves are prepayment to replace large cost items affecting all unit owners.
Reserves are processed on a first come, first serve basis.
Reserves are resources kept by the library at the request of course instructors.
Reserves are searchable by faculty name or course.
Reserves are so tight.
Reserves are the amount of oil that are identified.
Reserves are the exception.
Reserves are the inventory source that is to be depleted from in-ground reservoirs.
Reserves are there, without a doubt.
Reserves are therefore best organized within the one management unit.
Reserves are to be found throughout the country.
Reserves are under federal jurisdiction.
Reserves Ask for reserve items at the circulation desk.
Reserves audits of several companies.
Reserves build as the bank enrolls more loans in the program.
Reserves can also reduce the indirect mortality caused by habitat damage from fishing gear.
Reserves can be very costly to hold and can entail very significant risks.
Reserves can function as an indicator of how well a bank has been managed.
Reserves can only conserve so much of our biodiversity.
Reserves carry firearms while working the road.
Reserves classrooms for meetings and other small groups.
Reserves conserve more than fish, but also habitat which is needed especially by young fish.
Reserves continue to grow.
Reserves earn no interest and thus are a drag on bank earnings.
Reserves ensure there are some places where no sharks are caught.
Reserves Find by instructor's name or course name.
Reserves Find materials currently on reserve by professor, department, or course.
Reserves flow on a continuous basis between banks.
Reserves generally check out for a limited amount of time.
Reserves generate no interest earnings.
Reserves get bonus point a goal down at half time.
Reserves has the meaning set forth in the term recoverable coal reserves in Sec.
Reserves have limited circulation.
Reserves have to be certified by an actuary at least every three years.
Reserves held in the campus libraries are available during their normal operating hours.
Reserves imply a separateness that makes political support difficult to generate and sustain.
Reserves is located on the lower level.
Reserves is simple for faculty and students, too.
Reserves Listed below are several databases that index periodical literature related to nursing.
Reserves Managing a captive creates other financial advantages.
Reserves mandated on auxiliary account fund balances are fluid.
Reserves open faster and more reliably than before.
Reserves protect habitat for the butterfly.
Reserves provide a refuge in which easily caught fishes can grow large enough to reproduce.
Reserves Provides lists of course materials set aside by instructors.
Reserves Provides student access to additional materials assigned by faculty.
Reserves receive the same kinds of training as the regular forces.
Reserves remain for new requests.
Reserves require a signed copy of the agreement before issuing the software.
Reserves Return all reserve audiovisual materials only to the Media Circulation Desk.
Reserves ride with regular officers on active shifts.
Reserves room fines apply.
Reserves room for meetings or events and manage important files.
Reserves room for monthly meetings.
Reserves See Escrows.
Reserves serve an important safety function and are used for self-financing.
Reserves serve as a hedge against the limitations of management.
Reserves sets aside items needed for specific classes.
Reserves take a minimum of two to three days to process.
Reserves use is monitored to adjust ordering algorithms.
Reserves vary tremendously by region.
All reserves have an expiration date, i.e. the last day of the quarter that the course is taught.
Every reserve can hold one card at a time.
Many reserves also support visits from elementary and secondary schools.
Many reserves have borrowing restrictions.
More reserves add up to more tax revenue for schools.
Most reserves are available for in-library use only.
Most reserves are now open.
Most reserves have, however, severe problems that jeopardize their long-term conservation.
Most Reserves require at least one working day to process.
Some reserves are also available online .
Some reserves are former full-time employees that still assist in the position they previously held.
Some reserves are now available in electronic format.
Some reserves are one day loans.
Some reserves have a full time resident staff.
Some reserves have borrowing periods of one, two or three hours.
Some reserves serve as representative sites for carrying out studies with regional implications.
A reservist is a soldier
Reservists are everywhere, assigned to cutting-edge missions.
Reservists are hard-working civilians that serve our nation part time.
Reservists are no longer the force of last resort.
Reservists are soldiers.
Reservists bring an unparalleled level of maturity and experience to their studies.
Reservists can also get information on their special requirements.
Reservists can qualify for services if they are called to active duty.
Reservists do everything from painting the ship's hull to maintaining it's electrical systems.
Reservists earn retirement points.
Reservists give back to America every day they serve in uniform.
Reservists have clear limitations.
Reservists have special job skills the military can capitalize on.
Reservists here are an integral part of our units.
Reservists hold more qualifications than ever before.
Reservists make an extra effort balancing service, family, and a civilian career.
Reservists manage European deployment - Release No.
Reservists meet one weekend a month and complete two weeks active duty a year toward retirement.
Reservists now receive unlimited exchange privilege.
Reservists pay a nominal monthly premium through payroll deductions.
Reservists perform important missions at home and abroad in times of peace and crisis.
Reservists perform the duty on a man-day status or as part of their annual tour.
Reservists perform two weeks of active duty per year for six years.
Reservists provide non-crisis surge support, too.
Reservists receive annual examinations on weekends.
Reservists receive one day of active duty pay for every annual tour day.
Reservists repeatedly make the transition between army and civilian life.
Reservists represent a pool of trained law enforcement personnel for use in emergency situations.
Reservists serve as officers or enlisted personnel, depending on their qualifications and interests.
Reservists serve Canada with distinction both at home and abroad.
Reservists tackle unfamiliar in Strickland competition - Release No.
Reservists volunteer their time as a service to the country.
Reservists usually receive their uniforms only once they register at their base.
Many reservists carry a grudge along with their rifles and gear.
Many reservists serve only for a short period.
Most reservists belong to a unit in their community, or the unit closest to their home.
Most reservists earn more from their civilian jobs than they do from the military.
Most reservists participate more than the minimum required days.
Most reservists serve part-time two days a month and two weeks a year.
Most reservists understand the position vacancy promotion system.
Most reservists volunteer much more than the required minimum time.
A reservoir is a supply
Reservoir isa indefinite quantity.
Reservoirs are bodies of water.
Reservoirs are critical for reseeding the rebound.
Reservoirs are down to conservation pool levels.
Reservoirs are found using hydrocarbon exploration methods.
Reservoirs are full and ice is gone.
Reservoirs are habitat to both native and non-native species, especially certain fish species.
Reservoirs are increasingly difficult to construct, both from a political and economic viewpoint.
Reservoirs are lakes.
Reservoirs are large, mostly man-made basins that hold water for irrigation and drinking.
Reservoirs are low but are filling.
Reservoirs are low.
Reservoirs are man-made lakes.
Reservoirs are necessary to control and utilize the highly variable streamflow.
Reservoirs are of two general types nonpressurized and pressurized.
Reservoirs are one component being considered.
Reservoirs are one way to help make that groundwater go further and to manage salinity.
Reservoirs are open from sunrise to sunset on operating days only and are closed otherwise.
Reservoirs are parakeets, parrots, pigeons, turkeys, domestic fowl, and other birds.
Reservoirs are part of water systems.
Reservoirs are somewhat different.
Reservoirs are sources of atoms.
Reservoirs are supplies.
Reservoirs are tanks.
Reservoirs are used to store water for various uses like drinking.
Reservoirs can be directly or remotely mounted.
Reservoirs can be tanks, dammed areas, lakes, or underground water-bearing areas.
Reservoirs can cover towns, scenic locations and farmland.
Reservoirs can hold millions of gallons of water and can be above ground or underground.
Reservoirs capture the seasonal.
Reservoirs cover an area of the planet six times the size of Britain.
Reservoirs created by dams provide a wide variety of water recreation opportunities.
Reservoirs fall into three main categories, canyon, mid-depth and shallow.
Reservoirs gradually fill with sediment delivered from higher in the watershed.
Reservoirs have conservation pools.
Reservoirs have large pools.
Reservoirs have large storage pools.
Reservoirs have multiple uses - as considered in teh next section.
Reservoirs have pools.
Reservoirs have recreational value as well as helping to lower the cost of electricity.
Reservoirs have small permanent pools.
Reservoirs have storage pools.
Reservoirs held behind dams affect many ecological aspects of a river.
Reservoirs hold one gallon of resin, one quart of hardener.
Reservoirs hold two gallons of resin, one gallon of hardener.
Reservoirs increase the reliability of local water supplies.
Reservoirs occur on the Missouri river.
Reservoirs only work if they are combined with a purge at the lowest point to act as a drain.
Reservoirs provide recreation, including fishing, hunting, and swimming.
Reservoirs run dry Bone-dry reservoirs are part of the local impact.
Reservoirs suffer serious damage.
Reservoirs support the flow of the Kansas River.
Reservoirs turn upside down.
Reservoirs often induce small local tremors.
Reservoirs often occur at the peripheries of intrusions, especially from intermediate acid rock.
Reservoirs usually contain many species of fish.
All reservoirs ship with delivery tube.
Any reservoir contains miles of ledges.
Many reservoirs often allow some recreational uses, such as fishing and boating .
Many reservoirs have two separate chambers.
Many reservoirs provide boating access even at reduced water levels.
Many reservoirs provide oases for cattle, wildlife, and humans.
Most reservoirs have conservation pools.
Most reservoirs have large pools.
Most reservoirs have large storage pools.
Most reservoirs have pools.
Most reservoirs have small permanent pools.
Most reservoirs have storage pools.
Most reservoirs initially have high levels of biological production.
Some reservoirs are capable of storing billions of gallons of water.
Some reservoirs are dry.
Some reservoirs are open all year, and ice-fishing is excellent.
Some reservoirs are quicker to turn muddy than others.
Some reservoirs contain oil.
Some reservoirs furnish a water supply for Kansas cities.
Some reservoirs have flood-pool lines that are determined from available sources.
Reset sequence is a database cleanup option for renumbering messages consecutively.
A reset is a device
RESEt initializes a table.
Resets also tend to appear at syntactic boundaries.
Resets are albums.
Resets are devices.
Resets are expensive operation.
Resets bitmap back to initial state.
Resets deflater so that a new set of input data can be processed.
Resets display to original factory brightness and contrast settings.
Resets finally work exactly as intended.
Resets inflater so that a new set of input data can be processed.
Resets packets counter to zero when written.
Resets paragraph to current margins.
Resets row cursor index to before the first row.
Resetable pointer shows changes in pressure.
Resettable fuse provides overload protection.
Resettable pointer shows changes in pressure.
A resettlement is a transfer
Resettlement also plays a fundamental role in international relations.
Resettlement is a dynamic process whose impacts on displacees takes place at different times.
Resettlement is an important tool of protection.
Resettlement is considered a last resort.
Resettlement is difficult for all refugees, but even greater for survivors of torture.
Resettlement is one such solution.
Resettlement is proper to correct errors or omissions.
Resettlement is provided in the package deal.
Resettlement is the best option, the government says.
Resettlement occurs when the refugee has no hope of returning safely to the home country.
Resettlement therefore creates a severe social impact on the welfare of the nation.
Resettlements are transportation.
Resettlement frequently involves a mere removal and creates floating populations.
A residence hall is a building
A residence hall is a quarters
Residence hall check in.
Residence hall closes at noon.
Residence hall living for two summer sessions is equivalent to one semester.
Residence halls accommodate both foreign and Japanese students.
Residence halls accommodate two persons in a room with shared baths.
Residence halls are a comfortable, convenient option with ready access to school facilities.
Residence halls are a great place to meet people.
Residence halls are a great way for new students to find support and build friendships.
Residence halls are a self-supporting unit of the university.
Residence halls are a special concern.
Residence halls are alcohol free.
Residence halls are available at both campuses.
Residence halls are available for single students who wish to live on campus.
Residence halls are available to the public during summer vacation with advance reservations.
Residence halls are available.
Residence halls are co-ed by floor.
Residence halls are co-ed by floors.
Residence halls are completely coed during Homecoming so husbands and wives can stay together.
Residence halls are double occupancy with shared bathrooms down the hall.
Residence halls are either co-ed or single sex.
Residence halls are financially self-supporting and receive no monies from tuition or state funds.
Residence halls are laboratories for learning and testing grounds for new experiences.
Residence halls are more than just a place to sleep.
Residence halls are more than just dormitories or places to eat and sleep.
Residence halls are more than places to eat, sleep, and study.
Residence halls are more than places to sleep, study, and have fun.
Residence halls are natural settings for socializing with other students between or after classes.
Residence halls are off limits to visitors except during approved visitation periods.
Residence halls are often a source of underage drinking problems.
Residence halls are only for secondary and undergraduate college students.
Residence halls are open during recess periods that fall within a semester.
Residence halls are open only during the fall and spring semesters and regular summer sessions.
Residence halls are open to all students, undergraduate and graduate, to the extent available.
Residence halls are open year-round, even during vacations.
Residence halls are our homes away from homes.
Residence halls are secured, and strategic lighting and emergency phones provide added protection.
Residence halls are self-catering allowing students to cook meals in the kitchen in their block.
Residence halls are self-catering allowing students to cook meals in the small kitchen provided.
Residence halls are sometimes places of outright hostility.
Residence halls are the neighborhoods of the campus community.
Residence halls are within easy walking distance of all campus facilities and services.
Residence halls are within walking distance of all buildings on campus.
Residence halls are within walking distance of classrooms and libraries and are on the bus route.
Residence halls contain kitchen facilities for students to prepare their own meals.
Residence halls contain kitchen facilities in which students can prepare their own meals.
Residence halls have a separate policy.
Residence halls have at least one peer minister.
Residence halls have available space year round, including holidays and vacation periods.
Residence halls have both single and double rooms with a bathroom on each corridor.
Residence halls have both single gender or co-ed floors.
Residence halls have communal kitchens and bathrooms.
Residence halls have easy access to the Internet as well.
Residence halls have housekeeping, mail, cable, phone services, and Internet connections.
Residence halls have lounge facilities, laundry rooms, vending machines, and a computer lab.
Residence halls have lounges, study and recreational areas, and laundry facilities.
Residence halls have study areas, computer hook-ups, kitchenettes, laundry facilities and TVs.
Residence halls have television and audio rooms, recreations areas, laundry rooms and reading areas.
Residence halls have television lounges and kitchen and laundry facilities on each floor.
Residence halls have their own dining room and house students from all four classes.
Residence halls have water fire extinguishers on the resident floors for small, containable fires.
Residence halls offer a smoke-free environment.
Residence halls offer a variety of meal options to meet most individual needs.
Residence halls offer graduate men and women four types of accommodations.
Residence halls offer recreation and study areas.
Residence halls offer single, double, triple, and suite rooms.
Residence halls offer students many options in living styles.
Residence halls offer the opportunity for social settings in a variety of areas.
Residence halls provide convenient access to campus and meal service.
Residence halls provide meal service, laundry rooms and social activities.
Residence halls provide meal service, laundry rooms, and social activities.
Residence halls provide students with more than a roof over their heads.
Residence halls provide technical support.
Residence halls provide the best and fastest way to meet other people.
Residence halls rear up along the way.
Residence halls receive new cable package.
Residence halls remain open during holiday breaks and summer terms year-round.
Residence halls remain open during holiday breaks and summer terms.
Residence halls remain open during the Thanksgiving and Spring Break periods.
Residence halls remain open.
Residence halls reopen.
Residence halls require access cards for entry.
Residence halls select a policy through their own governance process.
Residence halls sponsor food and clothing drives and coordinate fund-raisers for specific charities.
Residence halls sponsor ongoing tutorial programs for residents.
Residence halls teach each group living skills and a sense of responsibility to the community.
Residence halls utilize a system of key card entries.
All residence hall keys open specified doors of the student's residence hall.
All residence halls are Accessible to Disabled students.
All residence halls are air-conditined.
All residence halls are air-conditioned and have cable television and telephone connections.
All residence halls are air-conditioned with either window or central units.
All residence halls are air-conditioned, and both single and double rooms are available.
All residence halls are air-conditioned.
All residence halls are close to campus buildings.
All residence halls are coed, although most are separated by gender per wing.
All residence halls are co-ed.
All residence halls are coeducational and house primarily freshmen.
All residence halls are coeducational by wing, floor, or alternating room.
All residence halls are coeducational, though arrangements vary.
All residence halls are coeducational.
All residence halls are fully air-conditioned.
All residence halls are non-smoking .
All residence halls are non-smoking facilities.
All residence halls are non-smoking.
All residence halls are open for the academic year, including Winterim and spring recesses.
All residence halls are smoke-free buildings, including individual rooms.
All residence halls are smoke-free.
All residence halls are university-owned.
All residence halls are within easy walking distance of each other.
All residence halls are within easy walking distance of the academic and recreational buildings.
All residence halls are within walking distance of the campus dining hall.
All residence halls contain a kitchen, laundry rooms, pool and ping pong tables and board games.
All residence halls contain at least one kitchen with a sink and stove.
All residence halls feature several study lounges furnished with chairs, desks and couches.
All residence halls have a card access system installed.
All residence halls have a computer lab, and all students can have computer access in their rooms.
All residence halls have a front desk clerk who monitors access to the building.
All residence halls have a lounge area, laundry facilities, kitchen, and study.
All residence halls have an elevator and air conditioning.
All residence halls have at least one intra-campus phone.
All residence halls have cable.
All residence halls have certain elements in common.
All residence halls have coin-operated laundry facilities.
All residence halls have computer hookups.
All residence halls have computer labs with access to the Internet.
All residence halls have connections to the campus network.
All residence halls have dektop clusters.
All residence halls have either direct or dial-in access to the campus network.
All residence halls have exterior emergency telephones.
All residence halls have fire extinguishers, fire alarm systems, fire doors, and smoke detectors.
All residence halls have kitchen and laundry facilities.
All residence halls have kitchen facilities.
All residence halls have kitchen, lounge and laundry areas.
All residence halls have laundry facilities and lounges.
All residence halls have laundry facilities and study rooms.
All residence halls have laundry facilities located in each building.
All residence halls have laundry facilities.
All residence halls have limited access through main doors only.
All residence halls have lounge space for students to use.
All residence halls have lounges and laundry facilities.
All residence halls have lounges and some have kitchens and laundry facilities.
All residence halls have lounges, offices, laundry rooms and closets.
All residence halls have lounges, recreation rooms, study areas, and laundry facilities.
All residence halls have lounges.
All residence halls have mail rooms and each resident has an assigned mail box.
All residence halls have multi- station computer labs.
All residence halls have one port per pillow.
All residence halls have resident advisors.
All residence halls have some type of cooking facilities, including ovens and microwaves.
All residence halls have study areas, television lounges and laundry rooms.
All residence halls have telephone connectivity.
All residence halls have telephone service and cable TV provided to the room.
All residence halls have telephones located inside and outside the front door.
All residence halls meet modern standards of health, fire and sanitation.
All residence halls offer a variety of living, recreational, and study spaces.
All residence halls offer a wide array of food choices to please any palate.
All residence halls offer central air and central vacuum.
All residence halls offer telephone service, television cable hookups and laundry rooms.
All residence halls provide laundry facilities for student use.
All residence halls provide study areas and laundry facilities.
All residence halls remain open during all breaks.
All residence halls remain open during other vacations.
All residence halls remain open.
All residence halls require a key to enter the building.
All residence halls sponsor a wealth of academic and social activities.
Every residence hall has a chapel and a Religious as rector.
Every residence hall has a computer lab located on the lower level.
Every residence hall has a dial tone.
Every residence hall has a kitchen area to meet the cooking needs of the students.
Every residence hall has a live-in manager and several resident assistants.
Every residence hall has a peer student leader on each floor and a professional, live-in director.
Every residence hall has coin-operated washers and dryers.
Every residence hall has common areas designed to help foster academic and personal growth.
Every residence hall has electric washers and dryers.
Every residence hall has personal mailboxes.
Every residence hall is equipped with a common area computer for E-mail and Internet access.
Every residence hall is equipped with a computer lab.
Every residence hall is equipped with a video recorder-monitor system.
Every residence hall is equipped with laundry facilities.
Every residence hall is staffed by student resident assistants and a postgraduate hall director.
Every residence hall is staffed by student resident assistants and a post-graduate hall director.
Every residence hall is wired directly to the Internet facilitating research and electronic mail.
Many residence halls have cooking facilities.
Many residence halls have facilities within their building.
Many residence halls offer small kitchenettes with a few appliances for simple meals.
Many residence halls offer substance-free floors or suites.
Most residence halls are accessible to students with physical disabilities.
Most residence halls are co-ed with a mix of men and women.
Most residence halls are co-ed, that is, have both males and females living in the same building.
Most residence halls are coed.
Most residence halls are coeducational by floor, but there is one single-gender hall for females.
Most residence halls are coeducational, with men and women on different floors or wings.
Most residence halls are in the process of providing a network connection in each room.
Most residence halls contain a common area, a kitchen and coin operated laundry facilities.
Most residence halls contain a common area, a kitchen, and coin-operated laundry facilities.
Most residence halls have a computer lab on each floor.
Most residence halls have a kitchen where students can cook, but there are no food services.
Most residence halls have a residence hall council made up of students who live in that facility.
Most residence halls have a TV lounge with a color TV and seating area.
Most residence halls have an area outside the building which can be used as a smoking area.
Most residence halls have exterior campus phones.
Most residence halls have lounges which are equipped with TV's for student viewing.
Most residence halls have single rooms, with shared bathroom and kitchen facilities.
Most residence halls have storage space for three items per student during the year.
Most residence halls have telephones in hallways and outside the buildings next to entry doors.
Most residence halls have telephones located outside the main entrance or just inside the lobby.
Most residence halls have television rooms.
Most residence halls offer free, in-room campus network connections.
Most residence halls participate in at least one community service project.
Most residence halls provide laundry facilities for student use.
Most residence halls provide lounges with desks and required quiet time.
Some residence halls are centrally air conditioned, and some have window units.
Some residence halls are coed facilities, with women in one section and men in another.
Some residence halls are open year-round.
Some residence halls can organize it themselves.
Some residence halls consist of traditional doubles, while others contain quads and suites.
Some residence halls have exercise equipment or aerobic dance floors.
Some residence halls have special first year and two-year living programs.
Some residence halls offer suites for two to seven students.
Some residence halls provide a bed, desk and other furniture.
Some residence halls remain open during holidays and some during the eight-week summer session.
Some residence halls require residents to present keys at all times.
Residence life facilitates the use of the residence halls on-campus.
Residence life fosters an environment conducive to active learning lifestyles.
Residence life is also a shared experience in community organization.
Residence life is much more than convenient room and board.
Residence life offers a unique opportunity for personal growth outside the classroom.
Residence life offers live-in positions in housing.
Residence life provides students with many wonderful experiences.
Residence permits are easy to obtain.
Residence permits are valid for one year.
Residence permits require either a valid passport or a travel document.
Residence time is a critical control of water quality and pollutant concentration.
Residence time is a duration
Residence time is defined as the average time that a substance remains dissolved water.
Residence time is durations.
Residence time is the a. Average length of time that a chemical remains in a system.
Residence time is the average length of time an element spends in the ocean.
Residence time is the time it takes the water to leave the wetland.
Residence time is two months.
Residence times are highly variable according to water body size.
Residence times vary with size.
A residence is an address
Residence abroad is the best way to gain proficiency in the language and knowledge of the culture.
Residence abroad is the best way to gain proficiency in the languages and knowledge of the culture.
Residence can vary without the adviser's knowledge.
Residence denotes some degree of permanence.
Residence halls A site index and admissions site search are also available.
Residence halls close during major college vacation periods.
Residence halls close for all students, except graduates.
Residence halls close for everyone except graduating seniors.
Residence halls close for holidays and university breaks.
Residence halls close for spring recess.
Residence halls close for the academic year.
Residence halls open noon for returning students.
Residence halls primarily house undergraduate students.
Residence halls students on board plans are offered reduced rates.
Residence have no complaint about transport.
Residence implies something more than mere physical presence and something less than domicile.
Residence includes regular and punctual attendance at scheduled class meetings.
Residence includes two bedrooms, one bath, living and dining rooms, kitchen and porch.
Residence is a common component.
Residence is a matter of fact and circumstance.
Residence is at the academy.
Residence is close to the church.
Residence is determined by return address.
Residence is determined by the return address.
Residence is determined by union of act and intent.
Residence is determined without regard to any other legal or mailing address.
Residence is equipped for disabled people.
Residence is especially critical in locating census records.
Residence is for the duration of the academic year.
Residence is guaranteed for all first-year students.
Residence is guaranteed to all first year students.
Residence is in Gainesville, Florida.
Residence is listed by some names.
Residence is matrilocal in the first stages of married life and then becomes neolocal.
Residence is normally for the full academic year.
Residence is preferred.
Residence is rented on a month to month basis payable in advance on the first day of each month.
Residence is required for the majority of the full-time academic program's duration.
Residence is required for the majority of the program's duration.
Residence is required.
Residence is the main consideration in most countries for income tax purposes.
Residence is thus the municipal district where a person is de facto domiciled.
Residence is usually patrilocal.
Residence is verified by an electronic access control system.
Residence isa address.
Residence passes to children .
Residence permits A visa is required for entry into Norway for citizens from a number of countries.
Residence provides a range of opportunities that are social, educational, and recreational.
Residence requires interaction with psychology faculty and other matriculated psychology students.
Residences also form athletic teams, organize parties, and go on trips together.
Residences also form intramural athletic teams.
Residences also have good access both to the underground train system and local buses.
Residences also have some recreational facilities and gyms.
Residences are addresses.
Residences are attractive, in pleasant neighborhoods, well-maintained and furnished.
Residences are available from two weeks to nine months.
Residences are available on campus for both men and women.
Residences are co-ed.
Residences are coeducational with single and double rooms in each.
Residences are condiminiums and townhouses.
Residences are consistent with the size, scale and historic nature of the existing facilities.
Residences are high-density living communities.
Residences are houses.
Residences are located in homes.
Residences are mainly older frame homes.
Residences are now within a quarter-mile of the runway end.
Residences are people's homes.
Residences are private residences during the academic year.
Residences are responsible for about one-sixth of greenhouse emissions.
Residences are the second biggest users of natural gas.
Residences dominate the lower campus .
Residences dot the area outside around the periphery.
Residences have a computer room in each building.
Residences have options for both meal plans and self provision.
Residences have options for both meal plans and self-provision.
Residences have rooms for two, four, or six persons.
Residences have terraces and private gardens.
Residences have wonderful views, parklike surroundings and privacy.
Residences hold room assignment meetings .
Residences offer a wide range of educational, social, cultural, and recreational activities.
Residences range from charming studios to three-bedroom penthouses.
Residences range from duplex apartments to modest bungalows to mansions.
Residences range from small rental cottages to waterfront condos and custom private homes.
Residences serve as focal points of intellectual, recreational, and social interchange.
Residences sit on lush lawns and can be one or two-story.
Residences start sporting manatee mailboxes by the road.
Residences tend to be individual units, just one-story in height.
Residences vary as to the type of services they provide.
Residences often sit on large plots of land, sometimes as much as several acres.
All residence are pleased.
All residence are responsible for becoming familiar with campus parking regulations.
All residence halls close for summer transition.
All residence halls close.
All residence halls feature study lounges furnished with chairs, desks, and couches.
All residence halls in various locations Back to the top.
All residence halls on campus are now co-educational.
All residence halls on campus have a computer lab on each floor for residence hall students to use.
All residence halls, for example, have tutoring services available to residents at no cost.
All residence halls, for example, offer tutoring services to residents at no cost.
All residences are an atmosphere of warmth and quality equal to the finest home.
All residences are barrier-free.
All residences are coed and prmote opportunities for self-governance.
All residences are co-educational.
All residences are non-smoking.
All residences are open to men and women.
All residences are single family homes.
All residences are within a five-minute walk of anywhere on campus.
All residences are within a quarter-mile radius of both the central square and beach pavilions.
All residences are within minutes of classrooms, athletics and other student services.
All residences come with a rez net connection.
All residences depend on groundwater for domestic uses.
All residences feature outstanding harbour views.
All residences have a shared kitchen where students can cook for themselves.
All residences have a waiting list.
All residences have access to computer labs.
All residences have access to laundry facilities and study lounges.
All residences have computer labs that are connected directly to the campus network.
All residences have direct access from a key locked elevator.
All residences have guards, and our houses and offices are wired for security.
All residences have individual wells and septic systems and complete plumbing.
All residences have kitchen areas, but there is no meal plan.
All residences offer computing data-jacks for direct internet access through the campus' network.
All residences offer laundry facilities, study lounges, and rooms with private baths.
All residences offer satellite television, private telephone lines, and a safe.
All residences offer social, educational, and cultural events.
All residences provide basic amenities.
All residences provide separate bathroom facilities for men and women.
All residences reflect the history of building in northern New Mexico.
All residences rely upon private groundwater wells for drinking water.
All residences require maintenance , and the larger the dwelling, the more there is to do.
All residences share a communal kitchen and a shared full bathroom.
Every residence begins the year with a community meeting to decide matters of self-governance.
Every residence gets a free copy.
Every residence includes a spacious design, individual lanais, and parking.
Every residence is designed to promote independent, active living .
Every residence is equipped with an emergency call system and a central smoke and fire system.
Every residence now has six scheduled pick-ups.
Every residence requires a smoke alarm near every sleeping area.
Many residence halls close during academic vacations.
Many residences have balconies overlooking the Mississippi Mile and Great River Road.
Most residences are also within easy walking or biking distance of the campus.
Most residences are coed.
Most residences are owner-occupied single houses, due mainly to the area's affordability.
Most residences are self-catering but two have required meal plans.
Most residences are single family homes in a semirural setting.
Most residences have a lounge or kitchenette with facilities for preparing light snacks only.
Most residences have laundry facilities, lounges, study and storage rooms.
Some residences also have access to golf, swimming, and tennis.
Some residences are exclusively for postgraduate students only.
Some residences even offer a private entrance or separate kitchen.
Some residences have a direct connection to the university network.
Some residences have a telephone, air-conditioning, and private showers.
Some residences offer more than one level of priority.
Some residences provide or arrange for skilled nursing care, physical therapy, and hospice care.
Residency permits are readily available and easily processed.
Residency training enables students to fully explore the scope of practice.
Residency training is afforded through a variety of mechanisms.
Residency training is also a great support to the hospital.
Residency training is an educational experience in a complex setting.
Residency training is available in oral and maxillofacial surgery and general practice.
Residency training is both a rite of passage and a time of profound personal maturation.
Residency training is deeply ingrained in the hospital's tradition and purpose.
Residency training is offered in almost all medical specialties and subspecialties.
Residency training lasts three to seven years, depending on the specialty area.
Residency training occurs at area affiliated hospitals.
Residencies allow students to get away from their usual lives and immerse themselves in academia.
Residencies are a full semester or of shorter duration.
Residencies are also available.
Residencies are appropriate for all levels of learners.
Residencies are available from a minimum of two week to a maximum of two months.
Residencies are available from a minimum of two weeks to a maximum of two months.
Residencies are available in endodontics, orthodontics, prosthodontics and more.
Residencies are available.
Residencies are custom designed and vary in price.
Residencies are for a minimum of one week.
Residencies are for one month periods of time.
Residencies are for one week.
Residencies are limited to eight weeks.
Residencies are more effective, in general, if they last three months or more.
Residencies are of varying lengths and can take place during the fall, winter and summer periods.
Residencies are open to all artist working in all disciplines.
Residencies are open to all artists.
Residencies are open to both published and emerging poetry translators.
Residencies are open to graduates of approved medical schools.
Residencies are particularly valuable to help encourage young band and orchestras.
Residencies are partnerships between teachers, puppeteer and students.
Residencies are part-time and are designed to supplement the artist's own artistic endeavors.
Residencies are project-based.
Residencies are scarce, and competition for placement is intense.
Residencies are three months to one year in length.
Residencies are two or more days of performances and workshops in a community.
Residencies are typically one-year commitments.
Residencies are usually one year in length.
Residencies begin after notification as openings allow.
Residencies can be a full semester or shorter.
Residencies can be an effective vehicle for providing an interpretive component to a trail.
Residencies can be as short as two days or last as long as an entire semester.
Residencies can culminate in a student performance.
Residencies can last anywhere from three to seven years, depending on the specialty.
Residencies can last up to eight years.
Residencies can lead to the development of a regular performing arts group.
Residencies can occur throughout the year, pending availability.
Residencies can range from a few days to more than a year.
Residencies can range from multiple hours to multiple weeks or months.
Residencies can vary in length from one week to two months.
Residencies challenge, excite, and motivate student and artist alike.
Residencies demand realistic planning from organized and dependable artists.
Residencies dovetail with curriculum at any grade level.
Residencies emphasize clinical practice.
Residencies exist primarily to train pharmacists in professional practice and management activities.
Residencies focus on creative movement, student self assessment, and cultural response.
Residencies foster an ability to conceptualize new and improved pharmacy services.
Residencies involving performing artist companies range from two weeks to two months.
Residencies last two to six months.
Residencies offer the workshop components described above.
Residencies range from one week to four weeks.
Residencies range from one week to six months duration.
Residencies range from one week to three weeks.
Residencies remain a popular attraction with museum visitors.
Residencies require a boarding cost as well as tuition, books, and other expenses.
Residencies take a minimum of two years to complete.
Residencies take an average of three to four years to complete in most specialties.
Residencies take place in large teaching hospitals that emphasize specialization and technology.
Residencies take place in the fall and winter.
Residencies vary from one week to four weeks.
Residencies vary from one week to three months.
Residencies vary from two weeks to two months.
Residencies vary in design.
Residencies vary in format, style, duration, and location.
Residencies vary in length depending on the discipline and the needs of the school.
Residencies vary in length depending on the project.
Residencies vary in length, from two weeks to as long as four months.
Residencies vary in length, lasting up to two months.
Residencies Welcome to the residency portion of our website.
Residency also is an excellent opportunity for learners to progress on program modules.
Residency can be even more demanding.
Residency can be very hard, but working with great people makes it worthwhile.
Residency can change each time a military member transfers to a new location.
Residency causes the most confusion, since parents sometimes list children who are away at school.
Residency features art and writing projects.
Residency follows medical school last three years.
Residency gives young doctors intense exposure to processes of patient care in ambulatory clinics.
Residency has nothing to do with the matter.
Residency includes a private bedroom and separate, private studio space.
Residency is a complex issue in distance education policy.
Residency is a legal requirement in Ohio for admission to the CPA examination.
Residency is a major commitment.
Residency is a time of transition between life as a student and life as a professional.
Residency is a very complicated topic.
Residency is accomplished in several ways.
Residency is acts.
Residency is also the ultimate mind-fuck.
Residency is an act
Residency is an attempt at real-life, real people experiences.
Residency is an intense dress rehearsal.
Residency is available upon living in the state for six months.
Residency is available with lease option.
Residency is based on active participation in house activities and programs.
Residency is based on regulations developed for tuition purposes.
Residency is broken out by Colorado, regions of the U.S., and other.
Residency is by invitation only and is determined by selected criteria.
Residency is considered an asset.
Residency is defined as one year in California.
Residency is defined as the district wherein the parent or legal guardian resides.
Residency is defined by possession of a Quebec Medicare Card.
Residency is determined according to the tax laws of the contracting states ie.
Residency is determined by domicile.
Residency is determined by specific criteria and is calculated individually for each application.
Residency is determined by state law and it varies per state.
Residency is determined by the address at which a person resides.
Residency is determined by the return address.
Residency is determined by the student's dependence or independence status and legal domicile.
Residency is determined by tuition status.
Residency is determined for tuition purposes.
Residency is determined from information provided on the student's application.
Residency is established at the time of admission.
Residency is extremely difficult to achieve.
Residency is just a guise for other issues.
Residency is just the beginning of a career in orthopaedic surgery.
Residency is like oil painting.
Residency is limited to disabled individuals, married couples or upper-classmen.
Residency is met by maintaining continuous registration throughout the program.
Residency is no longer a requirement for membership.
Residency is open to students of all majors and schools.
Residency is positions.
Residency is preferred.
Residency is probably the single most important aspect of professional training.
Residency is required after one year.
Residency is required for certification by any specialty board.
Residency is required for each summer of the program.
Residency is required of all studio art students.
Residency is required to complete the program.
Residency is required within one year of appointment.
Residency is required within one year with relocation assistance available.
Residency is required within one year.
Residency is required within six months of hire.
Residency is required within time frame and in a specific area defined by ordinance.
Residency is required.
Residency is satisfied after completion of six consecutive quarters of full-time study.
Residency is similar to a blindfolded skydive.
Residency is situations.
Residency is subject to verification.
Residency is taken to mean clinical treatment responsibility for clients.
Residency is the difference between being a medical school graduate and being a doctor.
Residency is the time when they develop both professionally and personally.
Residency is the time when they learn the comprehensive responsibility of the physician.
Residency is verified at the time of registration.
Residency is verified through written evidence and can include a home visit.
Residency is very important since tuition is about three times as much for non-residents.
Residency Looks at the different types of residency status.
Residency makes a difference.
Residency obviously plays a key role with respect to transfer taxes.
Residency requires two consecutive semesters . . .
Residency tends to be in more remote areas, but is more permanent and routine than exploration work.
Residencies often begin the process.
Residencies often culminate with a public exhibition at one of the public galleries in Perth.
Residency usually ends with a public show by students.
All residencies culminate in a public concert featuring the commissioned work.
All residencies require contracts between sponsors and artists.
Every residency is different and negotiated individually.
Many residencies directly serve underserved communities.
Most residencies are three years long.
Most residencies culminate with performances that can become exciting community events.
Some residencies are as short as three days, some involve an executive on campus for an entire year.
Some residencies focus on local or state history.
Some residencies require more reading than others.
Resident accompaniment is optional.
Resident activities schedule for the month.
Resident advisers are on each floor.
Resident advisers assist residents in roommate survival.
Resident advisers keep trying to enforce a no-alcohol policy.
Resident advisors appear to be effective because of the immediacy of their location.
Resident advisors are available around the clock in each residence hall to assist students.
Resident advisors are eligible to work ONLY on designated specials.
Resident advisors are eligible.
Resident advisors are ineligible to receive a campus employment award position.
Resident advisors are on duty nightly in each residence hall.
Resident advisors assume dual roles.
Resident advisors receive a room remission and a monthly stipend for their services.
Resident advisors receive full room and board.
Resident advisors receive remuneration in the form of room and board.
Resident aides help with waitressing, bathing and dressing the residents according to their needs.
Resident aliens are eligible to participate.
Resident aliens feel like exiles.
Resident animals have to change what they are hunting and eating as the seasons change.
Some resident ants go beyond their line of duty to protect the acacias.
Resident architecture supports tens of thousands of transactions per second.
Resident artist does caricatures, cartoons, portraits.
Resident artists can find housing in the surrounding area, making their own arrangements.
Resident artists open their studios for public viewing.
Resident artists provide their own housing and transportation.
Resident artists work with children and, in turn, the children are taught to perform.
Many resident artists invite visitors to their studios and galleries.
Resident assistance is available with a home mortgage down payment.
Resident assistants are available as a resource to students.
Resident assistants are responsible for a dorm hall or other designated areas.
Resident assistants are students who act as the direct representatives of the head resident.
Resident assistants are typically undergraduate students living on a floor or wing.
Resident assistants are upperclass students who reside on each floor of the residence halls.
Resident assistants are upperclassmen who are selected to assist new and returning students.
Resident assistants live in dorms.
Resident assistants live on the assigned floor or in the assigned building.
Resident assistants live on the floor and provide individual help to students.
Resident assistants live on the floor and provide individualized help to students.
Resident assistants offer residence hall floor programs on safety and sexual assault awareness.
Resident assistants organize events throughout the year which residents can take part in.
Resident assistants provide students on their floors with information.
Resident assistants show the video and lead discussions.
Resident assistants staff the facilities.
Resident assistants welcome new freshmen and their families during New Student Orientation.
Resident attendance is mandatory, staff attendance is strongly encouraged.
Resident attendance is required.
Resident bacteria digests some food material and produces two vitamins.
Resident bacteria survive no more than a few hours without moisture.
Resident birds begin nesting.
Resident birds enjoy the benefits of trees all the year round.
Resident birds spend all year in the same general location.
Resident businesses give the total gross.
Resident call is generally every fourth night.
Resident call is rotated among all residents, so call usually occurs every seven-eight weeks.
Resident camp includes dorm and meal costs.
Resident camp includes lodging and meals in one of our award winning dining halls.
Resident camp is an overnight camp that lasts four to five days.
Resident camps offer a variety of overnight accommodations such as cabins, tent, and tepees.
Resident camps offer varying overnight accommodations such as cabins, tent and teepees.
Resident camps offer varying overnight accommodations such as cabins, tents and tepees.
Resident camps operate for up to one week at a time.
Resident camps provide room and board.
Resident campers eat breakfast, lunch and dinner there, while day campers eat their lunch there.
Resident campers stay in Bethel residence halls and eat meals in the dining hall.
Resident campers stay in cabins and have their meals in the dining hall.
Resident camping is one of the most formative experiences in a young person's life.
Resident cards are renewable every three years.
Resident cards are valid for three years and are accepted at all surrounding libraries.
Resident cards are valid for two years.
Resident care is directed by the residents' personal physicians.
Resident caretakers maintain house, pool and grounds.
Resident caribou are in the area and frequent the lake in late fall and winter.
Resident classes tend to bond and form strong lasting relationships.
Resident classification impacts tuition rate.
All resident clinics have on-site attending supervision.
Resident clothing is picked up, cleaned and delivered back to each resident's room on a daily basis.
Resident companies are subject to corporate income tax on their worldwide income.
Resident contract includes a meal plan.
Most resident contracts fall into one of three types.
Resident cooperation is requested.
Resident coordinator provides on-site assistance.
Resident Coordinators live in the two upperclass complexes.
Resident corporations are subject to taxes on their worldwide income.
Resident councils vary widely among retirement communities.
Resident counselors live in the dormitory and supervise students during nonclass periods.
Resident counselors live in the hall with the students.
Resident county is responsible for transportation of formal cases.
Resident courses support master's and PhD programs.
Resident coverage is provided at no cost to the resident.
Resident credit is determined by the home campus.
Resident deer are present throughout the year.
Resident deer do occur on the lower elevation private lands.
Resident directors are responsible for each dorm.
Resident directors are staff members who live in apartments in the residence halls on campus.
Resident directors meet with students formally for various reasons.
Resident districts can receive state aid for students who qualify to a maximum of six hours per day.
Resident doctors are physicians in training, who gain clinical experience as they treat patients.
Resident education comes first.
Resident employment is a count of residents with jobs.
Resident Evil Throw off the sin that so easily entangles.
Resident experts are another source of background information.
Resident exposure is on a continuous basis throughout training.
Many resident faculty have industrial experience and are professionally licensed engineers.
Most resident faculty have industrial experience and are professionally licensed engineers.
Most resident faculty have industrial experience.
Resident fee includes room and board, greens fees, and instruction.
Resident feedback is necessary for the continuing improvement of the training program.
Resident fellows are the foundation of the research program.
Resident females are aggressive to immigrants at all sites and commit infanticide at some sites.
Resident fish tend to be smaller and slower-growing than migratory fish.
Resident flora live deep in skin layers where they live and multiply harmlessly.
Resident flora plays a minor role in disease transmission.
Resident gains are very good.
Resident guests receive all the services provided to community residents.
Resident guides are always available for informative nature and bird walks.
Resident hall living greatly enhances the total educational experience.
Resident halls provide a single room with shower.
Resident halls provide campers with some of the most spectacular views of the Pikes Peak Region.
All resident halls have laundry facilities, cable TV capability, and are wired for Internet access.
Resident housing is available.
Resident humans are effectively serfs.
Resident hunters are limited to one moose and non-residents to one male.
Resident individuals defend territory against others of same sex.
Resident information gives the head of the household, the occupation and the address.
Resident information includes name, spouse, occupation, and address.
Resident information is shared with the medical modules to eliminate double entry.
Resident input is extremely important in the process.
Resident input is largely responsible for shaping the specific strategies found in the Plan.
Resident input is very important.
Resident input is welcome.
Resident inspectors provide first-hand, independent knowledge of plant conditions and performance.
Resident instruction can prepare students to understand the home and work relationship.
Resident interviews are part of the survey process.
Resident involvement is crucial to the governance of the residency.
Resident involvement is enhanced with concrete tasks and community connections.
Resident involvement is essential to combat crime.
Resident life is regimented, instilling in cadets honor, responsibility, discipline and leadership.
Resident life retains some control over the complex.
Resident lionfish occupy two separate coral heads.
Resident macrophages are, however, phagocytic and chemotaxic and retain some proliferative capacity.
Resident males wrestle with intruders and try to gouge their opponent with their thumbs.
Resident manager insures a pleasant, controlled environment, and peace of mind.
Resident managers work under a contract that covers both state and federal laws.
Resident organizers find block reps for every block in the area.
Resident parking is available.
Resident parking is required to be off-street to keep roadways clear for emergency operations.
Resident parking permits The fees are subject to an annual review.
Resident participation is a good investment.
Resident participation is also crucial in the interviewing and selection of potential faculty.
Resident participation is encouraged addressing resident, curriculum, and patient issues.
Resident participation is essential to the survey's success.
Resident participation is invited on each.
Resident participation is more than a practice with intrinsic value.
Resident participation is optional, but encouraged.
Resident participation is the cornerstone of the success of the residence hall operation.
Resident participation is very important to the success of the survey.
Resident participation is voluntary.
Resident participation makes each community unique.
More resident participation is needed.
Resident partnerships promote learning and quality of life.
Resident performance is evaluated monthly by attending staff and senior residents.
Resident permit is mandatory.
All resident permits are valid in Nutter Center lots, except during scheduled events.
A resident physician is a doctor
Resident physicians are able to experience a diversity of pediatrician careers.
Resident physicians are able to experience the diverse aspects of a pediatrician's career.
Resident physicians are pediatricians in training.
Resident physicians have to interact with primary care specialists, nurses, therapists, and others.
Resident physicians help staff clinics, handle pediatric emergencies and treat new admissions.
Resident physicians rotate during the summer as part of their training.
Every resident physician knows that the knowledge base of internal medicine is enormous.
Resident players choose their practice site.
Resident pods are often very vocal when they hunt for fish.
Resident pods eat cold blooded animals primarily salmon.
Resident pods specialize in hunting fishes, primarily salmon, at least during the summer and fall.
Resident pods tend to prefer fish, while transient pods target marine mammals.
Resident pods tend to travel within specific ranges while transient pod ranges are unpredictable.
Resident poodle writes about life as a smart dog.
Resident population includes military populations and persons living in institutions.
Resident population is a provisional estimate.
Resident population is the population living in the United States.
Resident populations extend as far north as coastal Alaska.
Resident professors provide the nucleus of the graduate faculty.
Resident programs are custom designed but focus on similar themes.
Resident programs require full-time participation for an extended period.
Resident progress is assessed by using in-training examinations.
Resident prospects can also spend the night in the dorm while visiting campus.
Resident quarters are available on-campus.
Resident rates are available.
Resident representation is also necessary.
Resident research is a strong component of the otolaryngology training program.
Resident responsibility is graduated and progressive.
Resident responsibility is progressive and supervised.
Resident responsibility progresses in a linear tract from the first year through the fourth.
Resident rooms are comfortable, well lighted, and afford some degree of privacy.
Resident rooms are cozy yet spacious with provided loftable furniture.
Resident rooms are standard doubles.
All resident rooms are double-occupancy.
All resident rooms are single, private rooms that include a bed, desk, chair, lamp, and closet.
All resident rooms are standard doubles on single sex wings.
All resident rooms are standard doubles.
All resident rooms open directly to the outdoors.
Most resident rooms are semi-private, though some private rooms are available.
Resident rotations provide both outpatient and inpatient experiences.
Most resident rotations are in two-month blocks.
Resident scholarships are available for serious students with particular skills and work experience.
Many resident species have closely related migrant species.
Resident staff are on hand to deal with any queries and to ensure students' safety and well-being.
Resident staff follow the study pattern of the boarders.
Resident staff live in each of the houses.
Resident staff share their residents' interests and are specially trained for their assignments.
All resident staff are eligible to participate in the award program.
Resident status is determined at the beginning of each semester.
Resident status is required before family reunion can occur.
Resident status is used to determine tuition costs.
Resident stripers have a golden cedar water color where as ocean stripers have bright silver color.
Resident students are absolutely responsible for actions of their guests.
Resident students are an integral part of the campus community.
Resident students are financially responsible for any loss or damage to their room.
Resident students are important to our housing program and to the university.
Resident students are limited to two nonstudent guests at a time.
Resident students are more likely to gain higher grade point averages that students that commute.
Resident students are responsible for their visitor s actions in the residence hall and on campus.
Resident students can also sign up on their resident housing contract.
Resident students can bring their own car to campus.
Resident students can dial any local or intracampus call with no additional charge.
Resident students can even use the federal form to register to vote back home.
Resident students can park only in their assigned areas.
Resident students can store their unloaded firearms with the department.
Resident students can use a computer lab or their dorm room.
Resident students can use it to purchase guest meals in the dining halls.
Resident students can use their card in all locations on campus.
Resident students can use their own computers and printers in their rooms.
Resident students can volunteer to be emergency assistants on campus.
Resident students have a specific budget regardless if they are dependent or independent.
Resident students have access to campus at all times, except during defined break periods.
Resident students have keys to their residence and individual rooms.
Resident students have unlimited access to the laundry facilities.
Resident students live on campus.
Resident students live together in a dormitory on the main campus.
Resident students maintain their own rooms.
Resident students pay for parking privileges by the semester or academic year.
Resident students provide for their own internal government through various councils and committees.
Resident students provide their own blankets, pillows, bed linen, towels, and trash cans.
Resident students receive an account automatically at the beginning of each semester.
Resident students reside in comfortably furnished double occupancy rooms.
Resident students select from the plans described below.
Resident students share common areas as well as communal facilities.
Resident students take all meals in the dining room.
All resident students are eligible to rent campus mailboxes.
All resident students eat meals with their counselors and participate in evening activities.
All resident students have a full meal plan.
All resident students have network access from their residence halls.
All resident students receive their telephone numbers after their arrival on campus.
All resident students take part in the University Meal Plan.
Most resident students live in resident halls.
Resident supervision is provided by the clinical staff on site at every rotation.
Resident supervision is provided in ward rounds and on an individual basis.
Resident supervisors offer academic and other support.
Resident supplies lock.
Resident support is essential to success of any traffic calming program.
Resident support is one of the major factors the city weighs in making grant distributions.
Resident surveys provide an important tool for needs-based planning.
Resident taxpayers vote via ballot.
Every resident taxpayer has a tax liability.
Resident teachers accompany the students at all times.
Resident teachers are available for consultation.
Resident teaching is done using two major means of instruction.
Resident teams are on call and hospital duty together.
Resident teams provide continuity care at the office.
Resident technicians are cognizant of available space in hold.
Resident training is accomplished through both formal and informal methods.
Resident training is conducted primarily at four training centers.
Resident training is provided in English only.
Resident training occurring in community-based physician practice offices is of particular concern.
Resident transportation is also available.
Some resident tribes are Caddo, Wichita, Apache, Kiowa, Comanche and Delaware.
Resident trout are only large enough to move marble size stones.
Resident tuition is less than one-half that of any other law school in Michigan.
Resident tutors are available for consultation at most times.
Resident tutors live and tutor in the same dorm, and are on house staff in that dorm.
Resident tutors provide opportunities to develop individual interests through informal discussion.
More resident users equals more revenue, and valuation, for a Web site.
Resident volunteers assist both community organizing and the community resource center.
Resident volunteers serve as hosts and dealers, and provide other forms of entertainment.
Resident waterbirds are plentiful and many nest on Central Island.
Resident whales are fish eaters and make good use of their echolocating clicks.
Resident whales are now fair game.
Resident whales eat mainly fish but transient whales eat seals, penguins, and other whales.
Resident whales tend to be noisy while transient whales hunt silently.
Resident wildlife includes raccoon skunks, rabbits, coyotes, foxes, and mule deer.
Resident wildlife includes raptors and gray partridge.
Resident wildlife ranges from occasional moose and bighorn sheep to abundant mule deer.
A resident is an inhabitant
Resident agrees to comply with all applicable ordinances, regulations and laws governing pets.
Resident agrees to smoke in alternative location.
Resident anticipates the new outdoor garden.
Resident can burn such material without a permit.
Resident can depend upon our policies to support their own lifestyle needs.
Resident demonstrates ability to select and interpret common laboratory studies.
Resident is at end of paved rd.
Resident is awake and alert.
Resident is free to associate and communicate with others privately.
Resident is in danger of aspiration related to feeding tube.
Resident is responsible for disposal or removal of materials at the end of the year.
Resident is responsible for the acts and conduct of all guests.
Resident is responsible for the full term of the occupancy agreement.
Resident likes and dislikes are observed, and special cuisine is frequently offered.
Resident means alien.
Resident needs only to place the tree at the curb side on their regular garbage pick-up day.
Resident needs to show proof of residency.
Resident pays all utilities- gas forced air heat.
Resident pays all utilities.
Resident pays electric, gas, water and sewer.
Resident pays electric, water and sewer.
Resident pays for convenience electric, hot water and heat.
Resident pays if related service.
Resident pays rent with financial assistance available.
Resident picks up evaluations of their assigned cases and confers with assigned attending staff.
Resident refuses to wear glasses.
Resident regularly complains of hunger related to dislike of therapeutic diet.
Resident remains responsible for rent and utilities during that period.
Resident requires minimum assistance with ADLs, generally needs supervision for protection.
Resident writes orders.
Residents accept responsibility for the evaluation and treatment of urology patients.
Residents accuse the company of putting untreated water into the town s water supply.
Residents acknowledge there has been a lot of moving around in their tiny town.
Residents act as a partner in the group practice.
Residents actively participate by submitting abstracts to regional and national scientific meetings.
Residents actively participate by working on various committees for the community.
Residents actively participate in all aspects of program development.
Residents actively participate in all levels of training and planning.
Residents actively participate in continuing education programs.
Residents actively participate in many types of research projects.
Residents actively participate in medical student teaching and evaluation on all services.
Residents actively participate in subsistence hunting and fishing activities.
Residents actively participate in teaching conferences at both divisions.
Residents actively participate in weekly divisional conferences.
Residents actively share responsibility for the assessment, management and discharge of patients.
Residents actually have to purchase or rent spaces from real estate agents.
Residents actually have to purchase, or rent, spaces from real-estate agents.
Residents add a second weekly continuity clinic at another site in the second and third years.
Residents adjust their curricula based on their career goals.
Residents advance in activity and responsibility on a yearly basis based on performance reviews.
Residents advance through five phases.
Residents agree that most homes sell quickly.
Residents agree that the inconveniences are minute compared to the progress.
Residents agree to accept responsibility for the cost of repairs exceeding the security deposit.
Residents agree to allow international students to use their rooms during official college breaks.
Residents agree to attend all community meetings.
Residents agree to be considerate of nonsmokers as well.
Residents agree to be responsible for their own hygiene and the appearance of the apartments.
Residents agree to comply with all applicable governmental laws and regulations.
Residents agree to either gain full time employment or attend school.
Residents agree to join a home group.
Residents agree to pay for all drug testing.
Residents agree to sign a consent form for random drug and alcohol testing.
Residents allocate all of their income to Illinois.
Residents also accompany the attending during office hours.
Residents also acquire unique skills to become physician leaders.
Residents also act as co-preceptors with faculty supervising fourth year students on clerkships.
Residents also approve the purchase of new voting equipment as a favorable means of election reform.
Residents also are concerned about having to deal with frozen pipes and roof repairs.
Residents also are likely to be seriously injured if they fall with a restraint on.
Residents also are responsible for seeing emergency room consults.
Residents also are subject to wealth tax on worldwide property holdings.
Residents also assert that the project is too close to the pond.
Residents also attend a local postgraduate conference that is presented each year.
Residents also attend a weekly half-day urodynamic clinic.
Residents also attend a weekly pediatric neurology teaching conference.
Residents also attend cardiology grand rounds held monthly.
Residents also attend conferences in clinical subspecialties such as oncology and autopsy.
Residents also become experienced in the use of vasoactive infusions.
Residents also become proficient in ventilator management.
Residents also begin to participate in delivery room assessment and stabilization.
Residents also benefit from the personal guidance of faculty members.
Residents also bring up various transportation issues.
Residents also can call the police department's community policing or crime-prevention unit.
Residents also can call to seek information on county prisoners.
Residents also can choose to take a month working in the hospice program as an elective.
Residents also can comment on the proposed budget at that meeting.
Residents also can find contact names, telephone numbers, and the duration of the elective.
Residents also can participate in community outings and social activities.
Residents also can place items curbside in a recycling bin to be emptied one day each week.
Residents also chip in as firefighters hold their boots out for donations at major intersections.
Residents also comment on the poor quality of dial-up connection speeds and phone service.
Residents also commute to Albany, New York and Pittsfield, Massachusetts for employment.
Residents also complain of increased noise and air pollution.
Residents also consider it the nation's friendliest city.
Residents also contract privately.
Residents also cover regional events such as major triathlons and wheelchair sporting events.
Residents also develop close relationships with their weekly continuity clinic preceptors.
Residents also discuss elective plans and goals with their advisors.
Residents also discuss office management and managed-care issues.
Residents also enjoy access to our private lake.
Residents also enjoy access to the neighborhood parks, tennis courts and ball parks.
Residents also enjoy annual summer barbeques on our beautifully, landscaped patio.
Residents also enjoy centralized floor bathrooms, kitchens, and lounges.
Residents also enjoy craft and hobby studios, full-service library and picnic grounds.
Residents also enjoy living close to the gym, tennis courts and sand volleyball courts.
Residents also enjoy low heating and cooling bills because of the area's moderate temperatures.
Residents also enjoy nearby attractions for leisurely pursuits and many fine schools.
Residents also enjoy private bathrooms.
Residents also enjoy public concerts, use of the library, and other community activities.
Residents also enjoy special language-related activities.
Residents also enjoy special language-related cultural and social activities.
Residents also evaluate the pulmonary fellows using similar forms.
Residents also face a substantial hike in charges to help pay for the new extension.
Residents also face hostility from some sections of the local population.
Residents also face problems of hostility from some sections of the local population.
Residents also find the neighborhood's small, pristine park a nice spot to have a picnic.
Residents also follow a small panel of patients in a local nursing home.
Residents also follow their patients after hospital discharge.
Residents also gain ample experience in preoperative and postoperative management of patients.
Residents also gain experience from emergency room and inpatient consultations at each hospital.
Residents also gain experience in the prenatal care of their patients up to and including delivery.
Residents also gain practical clinical experience with group, family and couples therapies.
Residents also gather to make monthly birthday cards for the resident birthdays of the month.
Residents also have a weekly continuity clinic.
Residents also have access to a driveway and small backyard.
Residents also have access to a fully-equipped noninvasive vascular laboratory.
Residents also have access to a private jetty.
Residents also have access to an abundance of amenities within their community.
Residents also have access to cable TV and three major TV stations.
Residents also have access to limited outdoor games facilities including lawn tennis courts.
Residents also have access to many reference and serial collections.
Residents also have access to the use of a personal computer with a modem in their homes.
Residents also have access to two other college libraries.
Residents also have access to wooded greenbelts throughout the city.
Residents also have an opportunity to participate in community projects.
Residents also have choices when it comes to treatment decisions.
Residents also have daily contact with consultants when needed.
Residents also have easy access to public transportation and major highways.
Residents also have four months of electives.
Residents also have individual plant boxes and containers for vegetable and flower gardening.
Residents also have substantial contact with private practice clinical faculty.
Residents also have the opportunity to attend conferences when assigned to specialty rotations.
Residents also have the opportunity to participate in multi-disciplinary teaching conferences.
Residents also have the opportunity to provide a confidential evaluation of each rotation.
Residents also have the opportunity to rotate at affiliated hospitals in Nepal and Mexico.
Residents also have the opportunity to serve on clinic policy making committees.
Residents also have the opportunity to take a class together.
Residents also have the opportunity to work at various community sites.
Residents also have the opportunity to work with faculty members on various on-going projects.
Residents also have the option of using their meal credits for visiting guests.
Residents also have the option to haul their own trash to trash transfer stations.
Residents also have the option to signup to be placed on the board agenda.
Residents also have the right to receive phone calls in private and to have visitors.
Residents also have the right to refuse any or all treatment.
Residents also have the tendency to over-water their lawns.
Residents also have the use of a very pleasant private garden.
Residents also have three four-week blocks of electives.
Residents also have three months to concentrate on research.
Residents also hope the plan attracts a restaurant or a coffee shop.
Residents also instruct veterinary students and interns.
Residents also interpret all retrograde ureterograms and urethrograms performed in the institution.
Residents also learn a concise and informative approach to spinal trauma.
Residents also learn about confidentiality and what types of care require parental consent.
Residents also learn about the types of crime that affect the area.
Residents also learn how to select and interpret commonly used neurologic tests and procedures.
Residents also learn placement of central venous catheters.
Residents also learn the art of office counseling.
Residents also learn the management of emergent pediatric problems.
Residents also learn to deliver brief solution-focused therapy when appropriate.
Residents also learn to perform flexible sigmoidoscopy.
Residents also learn to polish their interpersonal skills.
Residents also learn to trust themselves, their cottage mates and adults.
Residents also maintain close ties with their own pastor and home congregations.
Residents also make use of the enclosed courtyard with barbecue pit.
Residents also object to what they claim are plans to import foreign heptyl for processing.
Residents also observe faculty interviews.
Residents also participate in a busy continuity clinic.
Residents also participate in a forensic seminar throughout the two years of training.
Residents also participate in a half-day weekly continuity clinic.
Residents also participate in a life skills program and a community service project.
Residents also participate in a savings plan.
Residents also participate in a series of conferences on common concerns in geriatric medicine.
Residents also participate in clinical learning sessions in many other settings.
Residents also participate in current and classic literature seminars.
Residents also participate in patient care in a variety of settings.
Residents also participate in patient care in numerous private pediatrician offices.
Residents also participate in periodic quality assurance activities.
Residents also participate in quality improvement activities both in the office and at the hospital.
Residents also participate in teaching pain control in the predoctoral curriculum.
Residents also participate in the annual in-training examination.
Residents also participate in the education of medical students who are on elective.
Residents also participate in the weekly cleft palate and craniofacial clinic.
Residents also participate variably with other general surgeons on staff.
Residents also participate with presentation of case material.
Residents also pay a small amount on top of that rate to pay off the city's debt.
Residents also pay lower tuition rates.
Residents also pay room and board, court ordered restitution, fines and fees.
Residents also pay utilities.
Residents also plan to tackle long overdue water and sewer improvements.
Residents also play spades, and sit in the lobby and talk.
Residents also prepare conferences which they present to students, residents and faculty.
Residents also present at conferences and participate in teaching.
Residents also produce caribou skin masks and carvings for sale.
Residents also prove their desire to work on a daily basis.
Residents also provide care for many patients admitted by physicians in the community.
Residents also receive a stipend to pursue continuing education programs at off-site locations.
Residents also receive an extensive regimen of basic education.
Residents also receive barged goods at Pile Bay, located ten miles east of the village.
Residents also receive exposure to neuroscience research in addition to their clinical training.
Residents also receive four weeks paid vacation.
Residents also receive training in teaching and evaluating students.
Residents also receive training in the medical and adjunctive treatment of cancer.
Residents also receive training with patients who have emergency or episodic needs.
Residents also ride along with and participate in the training of the Milwaukee County paramedics.
Residents also rotate on the cardiopulmonary rehabilitation and inpatient consultation services.
Residents also rotate through a pediatric neurology clinic and a substance abuse treatment center.
Residents also rotate through other private hospitals in the Phoenix area.
Residents also say crime here is no worse than in other downtown neighborhoods.
Residents also serve as instructors in medical student pathology laboratory sessions.
Residents also share lawn mowers, gardening tools, and washing machines.
Residents also speak of the center's non-medical benefits.
Residents also spend some time with orthopedic surgeons in the clinic setting.
Residents also spend time in the private offices of local dermatologists.
Residents also spend time signing out slides on a daily basis.
Residents also spend two months dedicated to pediatric emergency care.
Residents also spend two-three days in the office per week during each call month.
Residents also stop by with trees they have cut down themselves.
Residents also supply either materials or labour whenever work needs doing on their 'block'.
Residents also take an active role in clinic management, both medical and business-related.
Residents also take community pediatric rotation for one month.
Residents also take part in family chores to maintain our services and physical living space.
Residents also take part in various programs for hospital and community-based patient education.
Residents also teach medical students and conduct conferences.
Residents also teach medical students who rotate through the department.
Residents also tell of the time a hunt club chased a fox onto the site and triggered an alarm.
Residents also train at several private practice settings.
Residents also treat patients at three extramural sites.
Residents also tutor children.
Residents also use four school sites and a county park for recreation.
Residents also use wind generated power.
Residents also work in primary care clinics and learn the basics of research.
Residents also work with the community hospital, taking call.
Residents alternate between internal medicine and pediatrics every four months.
Residents annually participate in a written examination to provide feedback from an objective test.
Residents appreciate visits, letters and phone calls.
Residents are a bit worried.
Residents are a lot happier about new plans for the site of the dreaded apartment project.
Residents are able and encouraged to participate in nearly all the activities of the division.
Residents are able to choose six months of electives.
Residents are able to choose three months of electives.
Residents are able to customize their level of care based upon their needs.
Residents are able to discuss and question problems they face in speaking Spanish.
Residents are able to earn additional privileges as they advance through the level system.
Residents are able to easily move in and out of the neighborhood.
Residents are able to enjoy games, visits with friends and family, or simply relax.
Residents are able to enter their buildings or corridors by using entrance keys.
Residents are able to enter their residence hall by using an entrance key.
Residents are able to entertain their family and friends in comfort and style.
Residents are able to experiment and concentrate on their work in a beautiful setting.
Residents are able to find out their polling locations with the click of a mouse.
Residents are able to forget about their pains and troubles and become creative and productive.
Residents are able to furnish and decorate the apartment to their liking.
Residents are able to get to their jobs, schools and medical facilities.
Residents are able to move toward increased economic self-sufficiency.
Residents are able to obtain health services as needed for an additional fee.
Residents are able to register for classes, check E-mail, and access the Web from their own rooms.
Residents are able to retain the services of their own doctor and other paramedical services.
Residents are accountable for any noise which can be heard beyond their own bedrooms.
Residents are accountable for the actions of their guests at all times.
Residents are accountable for their guests' actions.
Residents are accustomed to it, and tourists learn it soon enough.
Residents are active in civic, cultural, educational, and environmental causes.
Residents are active in decision making at the home.
Residents are active in the arts, and in community organizations.
Residents are active in the community and take a strong interest in local politics.
Residents are active participants in curricular and policy development.
Residents are active, and community involvement is central to Sun City's lifestyle.
Residents are advanced on an annual basis.
Residents are advises to make special efforts to conserve water.
Residents are afraid to go out at night.
Residents are afraid to publicly lodge any formal organized complaints for fear of being evicted.
Residents are afraid to sleep.
Residents are afraid to speak up due to retaliation from the board, mostly fines.
Residents are aged six and older with all levels of mental retardation and multiple handicaps.
Residents are alerted to new voicemail messages by a stutter-dial tone on their telephone.
Residents are also are quite proud of our school system for our children.
Residents are also assigned papers to present to the group for critical review.
Residents are also at war over further plans to build a flat with a triple garage below.
Residents are also concerned about increased traffic, overshadowing and visual bulk.
Residents are also concerned about other dangers from the firing range.
Residents are also concerned about the safety of farm animals in the area.
Residents are also concerned about the safety of their community.
Residents are also financially accountable for any damage done by their guests.
Residents are also furious they have been left out of all discussions about the shift.
Residents are also glad to see the progress.
Residents are also good resources for observers.
Residents are also responsible for cleaning of the kitchen, kitchen appliances, dishes and utensils.
Residents are also responsible for cleaning their apartment before moving out.
Residents are also responsible for loss or damage to personal property.
Residents are also responsible for paying tax to their local Fire District.
Residents are also responsible for payment of utilities, telephone, water and sewage.
Residents are also responsible for seeing patients one day per week in an internal medicine office.
Residents are also responsible for the behavior of their guests.
Residents are also responsible for the conduct of their guests.
Residents are also subject to room, vehicle and personal searches.
Residents are also upset with hostel maintenance workers who enter rooms basically unannounced.
Residents are also welcome to bring their own automobile.
Residents are also welcome to retain the health care services of their private physicians .
Residents are also welcome to take lifelong learning courses.
Residents are also willing to travel to work.
Residents are always welcome and are invited to join the society.
Residents are always welcome through the green gate near the dining rooms.
Residents are always welcome to all other seminars and conferences in the department.
Residents are always welcome to stop by, call or participate in STRC community activities.
Residents are ambulatory and active and have diverse needs and abilities.
Residents are an integral part of the hospital education and patient care programs.
Residents are angry because for years the trees have damaged their property.
Residents are any one who lives, works or owns property in Huron.
Residents are asked to envision their experiences in new ways and in essence rewrite their lives.
Residents are Australian and from overseas.
Residents are aware of potential disruptions and are cooperative.
Residents are bands.
Residents are big purchasers of sporting goods and groceries and are likely to own a pet.
Residents are both independent and dependent and are each given individual care through assessment.
Residents are busy providing or acquiring water.
Residents are Canadian citizens or landed immigrants who reside in Alberta.
Residents are capable of water plants.
Residents are clean, appropriately dressed, and well groomed.
Residents are close by to study together late at night or to relax while enjoying college life.
Residents are committed to a modern quality of life with small-town principles.
Residents are committed to excellence in every aspect of Wyoming living.
Residents are committed to promoting industry and a central downtown area.
Residents are concerned about fumes and noise from cars in a church parking lot.
Residents are concerned about safety at the busy intersection if the store is built.
Residents are concerned about the effect on the environment.
Residents are concerned about the message it sends, and want it cleaned as soon as possible.
Residents are concerned about traffic congestion and noise in the area.
Residents are concerned that the town character is being threatened.
Residents are concerned.
Residents are confident that the rejuvenated leather city sparkles more brightly than ever.
Residents are conscientious about sampling, so that the data is very reliable.
Residents are conservation-minded.
Residents are deeply committed to maintaining a health fishery and marine mammal populations.
Residents are delighted with the delivery of telephone service.
Residents are divided The project receives mixed reviews from residents.
Residents are divided.
Residents are doctors.
Residents are eligible for a discount with the use of their resident identification card.
Residents are eligible for a range of scholarships and academic awards.
Residents are eligible for licensing in Quebec at the end of the fifth year of training.
Residents are eligible for three weeks of vacation during the first-year of residency.
Residents are eligible for travel grants for both the courses and the annual meeting.
Residents are encourage d to engage in research projects as time permits.
Residents are excited about the prospect of using the trail for jogging and bike riding.
Residents are excused from their rotations and attendance is required.
Residents are faculty colleagues who have direct responsibility for teaching medical students.
Residents are fearful for their safety.
Residents are fiercely proud of their schools and high school football.
Residents are financially responsible for any service provided.
Residents are fortunate to have at their immediate disposal an impressive range of parks.
Residents are free to come and go according to their own schedules.
Residents are free to come and go as they wish.
Residents are free to come and go within their own capabilities.
Residents are free to live their own lives in a safe, caring environment.
Residents are free to move about and to use the social areas.
Residents are free to personalize their apartments as they wish.
Residents are free to pursue their Clinical Base Year in the program of their choosing.
Residents are free to use their own electric heaters, preferably of the convector or fan type.
Residents are free.
Residents are friendly and helpful to tourists.
Residents are friendly and involved in their community.
Residents are friendly and love spending time together yet respect each other's desire for privacy.
Residents are from the surrounding area and local care homes.
Residents are fully responsible to clean their bathrooms.
Residents are fully-trained licensed physicians who are receiving specialized medical training.
Residents are generally opposed to sewers.
Residents are glad the work is almost done.
Residents are happier with fewer dietary restrictions.
Residents are happy after completing their training.
Residents are happy with their own finances, but worried about an impending economic downturn.
Residents are hard-pressed to think of a downside.
Residents are healthier, through better health care and improved life habits.
Residents are here to learn and the faculty are here to teach.
Residents are here to learn.
Residents are high in the ranks of the arts, sports and industry.
Residents are highly involved in the community and the preservation of the environment.
Residents are highly supervised and follow structured schedule daily.
Residents are highly supervised at all times of day and night.
Residents are highly supervised at all times of the day and night.
Residents are if their status includes it.
Residents are important members of the post-operative patient care team.
Residents are in charge of picking paint colors, security systems and plants for landscaping.
Residents are in for three to seven years.
Residents are independent low-income elderly clients or clients with handicapping conditions.
Residents are influential in determining the policies and quality of life in the residence halls.
Residents are inhabitants.
Residents are integral members of the surgical team and are directly responsible for patient care.
Residents are interested in expanding the garden.
Residents are into attracting more than just visitors.
Residents are jointly responsible for public areas.
Residents are just as confused about the sanctions.
Residents are justifiably proud of the county's abundant natural resources.
Residents are justly proud of their schools and their relaxed lifestyle.
Residents are less likely to be overcome by unwanted emotions.
Residents are less likely to spend money on new clothes than to own a pet and buy sporting goods.
Residents are liable for damage to the rooms, apartments, furnishings and common area facilities.
Residents are liable for lost or damaged property.
Residents are liable for the finished product and for any damages.
Residents are licensed physicians.
Residents are likely to request all-way stop signs more frequently than any other form of control.
Residents are limited to one pick-up truck per trip.
Residents are limited to one sale every six months.
Residents are limited to one starting time per weekend.
Residents are limited to one trip per weekend with a borrowed vehicle .
Residents are limited to three adult dogs and three adult cats per household.
Residents are limited to two toilets per single family home.
Residents are located in apartments.
Residents are located in countries.
Residents are located in houses.
Residents are magazines.
Residents are mainly business and professional families.
Residents are mainly petty traders. .
Residents are mainly Sacramento workers who enjoy the rural atmosphere.
Residents are mainly white college students.
Residents are making a burglar's job easy, police say.
Residents are married, middle-aged professionals at the peak of their lifetime earnings.
Residents are members of community outreach teams in medically underserved areas.
Residents are more likely to seek help from counselors and faculty for academic and other problems.
Residents are more secure on our streets and in their homes.
Residents are most likely to dump pregnant dogs and cats.
Residents are most welcome to use the community center for social events.
Residents are mostly happy with the noise wall, the article says.
Residents are mostly poor and black.
Residents are mostly single mothers who receive welfare assistance.
Residents are no strangers to fire.
Residents are normally able to observe at such meetings.
Residents are normally in the sophomore class or higher.
Residents are now able to tune in to the latest issues and decisions that affect their city.
Residents are now one step closer to seeing a return on their investment.
Residents are obviously concerned about the growth of government.
Residents are often at odds with developers.
Residents are often frail and at risk for medication-related problems.
Residents are often more dependent late in the day and during the night than during day time hours.
Residents are often the last to notice changes in a colleague.
Residents are older, married couples and cosmopolitan.
Residents are on call every four days during most of the months of our three year training.
Residents are on call from home approximately every sixth day.
Residents are on call in-house one day in six.
Residents are opposed to the presence of U.S. military bases on the island.
Residents are our single largest source of revenue.
Residents are part of a college community where their input is eagerly sought.
Residents are partners and colleagues in the educational endeavor.
Residents are people who live in the dorm.
Residents are persons living in the library's municipality.
Residents are physicians who are taking advanced training in psychiatry or in family medicine.
Residents are pleased to assist with directions and answer questions on local history.
Residents are pleased to live here.
Residents are predominantly freshmen and sophomores.
Residents are predominantly international graduate students with families.
Residents are predominantly Muslim.
Residents are predominantly professionals - lawyers, doctors, college educators.
Residents are predominantly undergraduate students who enjoy a lively, social atmosphere.
Residents are predominantly white, but a racial diversity exists.
Residents are primarily from the juvenile justice system.
Residents are primarily migrants.
Residents are primarily white, with blue collar or professional jobs.
Residents are primarily within the juvenile justice system.
Residents are protective of the environment here.
Residents are proud and willing to take part in our strong volunteer program.
Residents are proud of income gained by doing work they enjoy.
Residents are proud of their communities and embrace a solid work ethic.
Residents are proud of their community's history.
Residents are proud of their energetic community spirit.
Residents are proud of their streets, but leary of the crime they say lurks on the edges.
Residents are proud of their vintage Baltimore architecture.
Residents are proud that they live in one of the oldest houses on campus.
Residents are quick to point out that the area is close to everything.
Residents are ready for derricks at their doorstep.
Residents are reluctant to leave their ruined house in case they loose their tenorial rights.
Residents are reminded that retreats are required program activities, so attendance is obligatory.
Residents are responsible and accountable for the behavior of their guests.
Residents are responsible as well.
Residents are responsible for a varied caseload of patients, both male and female veterans.
Residents are responsible for adhering to posted laundry room regulations.
Residents are responsible for admissions, while interns manage coverage issues.
Residents are responsible for all activities of their guests.
Residents are responsible for all aspects of patient care.
Residents are responsible for all autopsies under faculty supervision.
Residents are responsible for all disposal charges.
Residents are responsible for all information discussed at floor meetings.
Residents are responsible for all phases of patient care including diagnoses and treatment.
Residents are responsible for any damage caused by such decorations.
Residents are responsible for any damage caused by their guests.
Residents are responsible for any damage or loss caused by their guests.
Residents are responsible for any damage that occurs in their room or apartment.
Residents are responsible for any damage that occurs in their room or suite.
Residents are responsible for any damage to or items missing from their assigned unit.
Residents are responsible for any damage to the room.
Residents are responsible for any damages to the apartment or furnishings beyond the normal wear.
Residents are responsible for any damages.
Residents are responsible for any object thrown from the windows of their specific rooms.
Residents are responsible for any objects thrown from windows and face serious disciplinary action.
Residents are responsible for any usage on an account until it has been officially closed.
Residents are responsible for any use of their in-room network connection.
Residents are responsible for any use of their ResNET connections .
Residents are responsible for arranging their own breakfast and lunch.
Residents are responsible for buying their own food and preparing their own meals.
Residents are responsible for care of their inpatients on each rotation.
Residents are responsible for choosing their own roommate.
Residents are responsible for cleaning and moving their own vehicles.
Residents are responsible for cleaning bathrooms, kitchens, living areas, and their own bedrooms.
Residents are responsible for cleaning private and semi-private bathrooms.
Residents are responsible for cleaning the common areas of the house.
Residents are responsible for cleaning the containers assigned to their property.
Residents are responsible for cleaning their container.
Residents are responsible for cleaning their individual bedrooms and suites .
Residents are responsible for cleaning their own apartments.
Residents are responsible for cleaning their own room and keeping the common areas tidy.
Residents are responsible for cleaning their own room.
Residents are responsible for cleaning their own rooms and bathrooms.
Residents are responsible for cleaning their own rooms.
Residents are responsible for cleaning their own suites.
Residents are responsible for cleaning their rooms and suite bathrooms.
Residents are responsible for clearing blocked driveways.
Residents are responsible for clearing private driveways blocked by windrows of snow.
Residents are responsible for clearing their driveways.
Residents are responsible for control of their pets.
Residents are responsible for damage beyond ordinary wear and tear to premises and furnishings.
Residents are responsible for damage to their rooms, furniture or any part of the residence halls.
Residents are responsible for disposal of appliances.
Residents are responsible for disposal when trash is set out late and missed.
Residents are responsible for doing their own laundry.
Residents are responsible for electricity and phone hook-ups and the monthly cost of service.
Residents are responsible for electricity and phone hook-ups as well as the monthly cost of service.
Residents are responsible for electricity and phone service.
Residents are responsible for electricity, and if desired phone and cable.
Residents are responsible for ensuring that their apartments are secured and locked.
Residents are responsible for establishing and paying their own gas and electricity.
Residents are responsible for filling and placing their own sandbags.
Residents are responsible for food or other personal belongings left in the kitchen area.
Residents are responsible for gas and electric utilities.
Residents are responsible for gas and electricity.
Residents are responsible for harvesting and drilling the temporal bones themselves.
Residents are responsible for having their own telephone.
Residents are responsible for hiring a private hauler.
Residents are responsible for informing visitors of the floor expectations and guidelines.
Residents are responsible for inpatient and outpatient care at each institution.
Residents are responsible for keeping alleys free of weeds and debris.
Residents are responsible for keeping inside the garage areas clean and clear of debris.
Residents are responsible for keeping the facility locked at all times.
Residents are responsible for keeping the kitchen and common areas clean.
Residents are responsible for keeping the kitchen areas clean after each use.
Residents are responsible for keeping the parking areas clean.
Residents are responsible for keeping their own rooms clean.
Residents are responsible for keeping their rooms clean.
Residents are responsible for laundering their own linens.
Residents are responsible for learning to function effectively as primary dental care providers.
Residents are responsible for long distance telephone calls made from their rooms.
Residents are responsible for maintaining all sidewalks bordering their properties.
Residents are responsible for maintaining their own driveways and parking areas.
Residents are responsible for maintaining their own rooms.
Residents are responsible for maintenance of their personal quarters.
Residents are responsible for managing the work of the interns.
Residents are responsible for mowing and maintaining their parkway.
Residents are responsible for notifying senders of their correct street address.
Residents are responsible for obtaining the signatures along the street.
Residents are responsible for overseeing and directing the student's ward activities.
Residents are responsible for patient workups and case presentations.
Residents are responsible for paying bills and saving for their future living on their own.
Residents are responsible for payment of gas, electricity, and telephone charges.
Residents are responsible for performing medicine consultations on non-medical services.
Residents are responsible for personal long distance phone calls, cable and personal items.
Residents are responsible for picking up after themselves before leaving a lounge area.
Residents are responsible for preparing quizzes to go with each lecture topic.
Residents are responsible for proper checkout of their current assignment.
Residents are responsible for providing bedspreads, pillows, bed linens and blankets.
Residents are responsible for providing phones and for payments of all off-campus calls.
Residents are responsible for providing private phones and payment of all off-campus calls.
Residents are responsible for providing silverware, plates, cooking utensils and linens.
Residents are responsible for providing their own barricades for street closure.
Residents are responsible for providing their own compatible computers.
Residents are responsible for providing their own phones.
Residents are responsible for providing their own telephone instrument.
Residents are responsible for providing their own telephone instruments.
Residents are responsible for providing their own touch tone phone instruments.
Residents are responsible for purchase and preparation of food.
Residents are responsible for purchasing and acquiring all construction materials.
Residents are responsible for putting out and bring back the cans.
Residents are responsible for registering their guests and their guests behavior.
Residents are responsible for removal and disposal of animals.
Residents are responsible for removal of freon registrants from applicable appliances.
Residents are responsible for replacing all other bulbs.
Residents are responsible for running two treatment teams with an average case load of six patients.
Residents are responsible for snowplowing and snow removal on their own property.
Residents are responsible for street trees maintenance.
Residents are responsible for supplying their own personal telephone and long distance service.
Residents are responsible for surgical emergencies at night during the week and on weekends.
Residents are responsible for taking home all valuables prior to leaving for break.
Residents are responsible for taking their trash to designated trash areas or dumpsters.
Residents are responsible for telephone service only.
Residents are responsible for telephone services in all complexes.
Residents are responsible for the action of their guests.
Residents are responsible for the actions of their guests at all times.
Residents are responsible for the actions of their guests.
Residents are responsible for the behavior and actions of their guests.
Residents are responsible for the behavior of their guests.
Residents are responsible for the care and cleaning of their rooms.
Residents are responsible for the care and condition of their room.
Residents are responsible for the care of critically ill children.
Residents are responsible for the care of critically ill patients.
Residents are responsible for the care of patients admitted to the newborn nursery.
Residents are responsible for the care of patients admitted to the nursing home units.
Residents are responsible for the care of patients admitted with critical cardiac pathology.
Residents are responsible for the cleanliness of their rooms.
Residents are responsible for the condition of the telephone and wall jack.
Residents are responsible for the condition of their room and door.
Residents are responsible for the condition of their rooms.
Residents are responsible for the conduct of the guests they bring into the residence halls.
Residents are responsible for the conduct of their children and their guest's children.
Residents are responsible for the conduct of their guests and any damages caused by their actions.
Residents are responsible for the conduct of their guests and visitors while in the residence halls.
Residents are responsible for the conduct of their guests at all times.
Residents are responsible for the conduct of their guests.
Residents are responsible for the consequences of their guests' actions.
Residents are responsible for the content of their recommendations.
Residents are responsible for the costs of transportation and incidental expenses.
Residents are responsible for the daily upkeep and care of their assigned rooms and furnishings.
Residents are responsible for the disposal of personal items from apartments and garages.
Residents are responsible for the full amount of rent stated in the lease agreement.
Residents are responsible for the furniture provided by the college.
Residents are responsible for the guests' actions at all times.
Residents are responsible for the information disseminated at all such meetings.
Residents are responsible for the initial management and ongoing care of the patients.
Residents are responsible for the inpatient consult service.
Residents are responsible for the maintenance of traffic circle plantings.
Residents are responsible for the payment of gas, electricity and telephone bills in their villa.
Residents are responsible for the payment of the electricity deposit and monthly electric bills.
Residents are responsible for the print charges generated by that printing.
Residents are responsible for the proper check-in and checkout of each guest.
Residents are responsible for the removal of leaves on their own property.
Residents are responsible for the room to which they are assigned.
Residents are responsible for the upkeep of their own rooms.
Residents are responsible for their electricity, telephone and cable costs.
Residents are responsible for their food, travel, and other expenses.
Residents are responsible for their guests and all actions of the guests while in the halls.
Residents are responsible for their guest's and visitor's behavior at all times.
Residents are responsible for their guests and visitors.
Residents are responsible for their guests at all times.
Residents are responsible for their guests.
Residents are responsible for their keys.
Residents are responsible for their own behavior and for the behavior of their guests.
Residents are responsible for their own cooking, cleaning, and house management details.
Residents are responsible for their own electrical bills.
Residents are responsible for their own groceries and personal items.
Residents are responsible for their own hook-ups.
Residents are responsible for their own housekeeping.
Residents are responsible for their own long distance service.
Residents are responsible for their own meals.
Residents are responsible for their own panel of patients from a primarily indigent community.
Residents are responsible for their own phone service and cable television.
Residents are responsible for their own rooms and other common area space.
Residents are responsible for their own supplies.
Residents are responsible for their own telephone instruments.
Residents are responsible for their own transportation and for their own food during the stay.
Residents are responsible for their own utility charges and telephone service.
Residents are responsible for their own video equipment.
Residents are responsible for their own yards, yard equipment is available for residents to use.
Residents are responsible for their personal belongings.
Residents are responsible for their room key or key card.
Residents are responsible for their visitors at all times.
Residents are responsible for their visitors throughout their visit.
Residents are responsible for their yard upkeep Off duty police officers are on patrol.
Residents are responsible for transporting and downloading of the appliances.
Residents are responsible for trimming their own.
Residents are responsible for trimming tree branches and shrubs which overhang into the street.
Residents are responsible for troubleshooting, maintaining and repairing their own computer systems.
Residents are responsible for violations by guests.
Residents are responsible for weekend autopsy coverage during all four years of residency.
Residents are responsible for wires in their apartment.
Residents are responsible for writing a brief report after their visit to an industrial plant site.
Residents are responsible of performing all clinical duties instructed by their attending physician.
Residents are responsible to know when the winter parking ban is in effect.
Residents are responsible to maintain their sidewalks and driveways adjacent to their property.
Residents are responsible to schedule and manage the projects.
Residents are responsible to seek out the information then contact the supervisors.
Residents are right to be suspicious of development, which is often poorly planned and heavy-handed.
Residents are satisfied with the degree of choice available in everyday matters in the home.
Residents are seriously concerned about how they are going to earn money, and some are bailing out.
Residents are sicker and more fragile than ever before.
Residents are similar in income, education and life circumstances.
Residents are so poor that they get by on subsistence level, bartering for the basics of life.
Residents are sophomores, juniors, and seniors.
Residents are steamed.
Residents are still a less expensive source of care than any alternative.
Residents are still concerned about the state's natural resources.
Residents are subject to a state income tax and personal property taxes.
Residents are subject to federal, state, university, and residence hall regulations.
Residents are subject to harm due to inadequate supervision.
Residents are subject to income taxation based upon the state's jurisdiction over their person.
Residents are subject to routine urine monitoring and random breathalyzer testing.
Residents are subject to state law.
Residents are subject to taxation based upon the state's jurisdiction over their person.
Residents are taxable on all income within and outside Mongolia.
Residents are thankful for a cost of living in Clinton County that is surprisingly low.
Residents are the future leaders of organized medicine.
Residents are the kind of folks who greet each other by name and are genuinely friendly.
Residents are the leaders of the ward team.
Residents are the lifeblood of a neighborhood.
Residents are the primary physician for virtually all patients admitted under their care.
Residents are the primary physicians and write all the orders for all patients.
Residents are then free to go home and rest.
Residents are then responsible for contacting others in their building to coordinate the move.
Residents are therefore unable to prepare properly for the proceedings.
Residents are to be in attendance and on duty at the VA during working hours.
Residents are to be referred to appropriate medical personnel for such treatment.
Residents are to be voted out, one by one, until two remain.
Residents are to bring their own telephone.
Residents are to remain chaste or forfeit one-quarter of the yearly alms.
Residents are to secure bicycles in designated areas only.
Residents are to supply their own if needed.
Residents are twice as likely to be college educated as statewide.
Residents are ultimately responsible for all use of network connections originating in their room.
Residents are uncomfortable doing something now which they never did or never wanted to do.
Residents are under a continuous obligation to be considerate of their fellow students.
Residents are under the care of a physician of their choice.
Residents are understandably concerned about losing their homes and being forced to move.
Residents are uneasy.
Residents are unique, in that they are employees, students and professionals.
Residents are up in arms about costs.
Residents are up in arms about the impact of airport noise and pollution on their quality of life.
Residents are upset over the amount of property damage occurring.
Residents are users residing or owning property within the city limits.
Residents are usually on call every third to fourth night.
Residents are usually out on job interviews, apartment-hunting, or working at newly secured jobs.
Residents are very complacent about hurricanes.
Residents are very concerned.
Residents are very dependent on the automobile in Oklahoma City.
Residents are very friendly.
Residents are very proud of their cultural background and history.
Residents are very vocal and active in their city's development.
Residents are very welcoming.
Residents are very willing to sign the petition.
Residents are voters in the political arena where local democracy is practiced.
Residents are warm, welcoming and cosmopolitan.
Residents are welcome on other services by both residents and attending staff of other specialties.
Residents are welcome to attend any of the sessions.
Residents are welcome to attend committee meetings.
Residents are welcome to attend the meetings .
Residents are welcome to attend the meetings.
Residents are welcome to attend.
Residents are welcome to bring guests to a meal on a casual basis.
Residents are welcome to bring neighborhood issues to MSAB meetings for consideration.
Residents are welcome to bring their own personal items of furniture.
Residents are welcome to have their car and parking is available at all our properties.
Residents are welcome to invite guests to meals.
Residents are welcome to join at their own discretion.
Residents are welcome to remove debris independently.
Residents are welcome to retain the services of their private physicians.
Residents are welcome to sit in the lobby at both hospitals to stay warm.
Residents are welcome to use the community center for social events.
Residents are welcome to use the gym, recreational fields, auditorium, and meeting rooms.
Residents are welcome to use the vacuum and air pump.
Residents are well educated and there is intense competition for professional openings.
Residents are well groomed and dressed appropriately.
Residents are well looked after by police officers who make a point of knowing everyone by name.
Residents are willing to pay for specific improvements.
Residents are within short driving distance from both the mountains and the beaches.
Residents are within walking distance of grocery stores and other businesses.
Residents are worried, too.
Residents are worried.
Residents argue that the land was meant to be used as public property.
Residents arrive with a variety of different issues and come from many different backgrounds.
Residents assigned to a room are responsible for all behavior that occurs in the room.
Residents assist the attending in coordinating teaching activities.
Residents assume a large part of the responsibility for teaching the medical students.
Residents assume a progressively responsible role in patient treatment.
Residents assume care for private patients in general, thoracic, vascular and tumor surgery.
Residents assume full care, with on-site supervision, including hospitalization when necessary.
Residents assume full responsibility for the behavior of their guests.
Residents assume greater responsibilities as they proceed through their programs.
Residents assume greater responsibilities with each rotation as their experience increases.
Residents assume greater responsibility in providing care to their patients.
Residents assume increasing responsibility as training progresses.
Residents assume responsibilities commensurate with their increasing experience and abilities.
Residents assume responsibility for serving meals and dish washing.
Residents assume responsibility for their guests.
Residents attempt to educate Whitman residents about the environment.
Residents attend a summer lecture series and seminars throughout the rest of the academic year.
Residents attend a weekly continuity care clinic beginning early in the internship year.
Residents attend a worship services offered by six community churches.
Residents attend activities, morning core conferences and clinics.
Residents attend all national meetings at which they have a paper or poster presentation.
Residents attend all teaching sessions offered by the department supervising their current rotation.
Residents attend an elegant dinner to honor the artist and exhibit.
Residents attend and present their work on a regular basis at such meetings.
Residents attend as well as faculty members and research assistants.
Residents attend at least one national meeting each year.
Residents attend clinic once or twice a week.
Residents attend clinic twice a week.
Residents attend clinic with a designated attending surgeon once a week.
Residents attend clinic with assigned faculty one to three times a week.
Residents attend clinics one to three days a week.
Residents attend conferences and rounds on neuroradiology and neuro-ophthalmology.
Residents attend didactics one half-day per week.
Residents attend hall programs in the main lounge.
Residents attend ninety minute classes twice a week.
Residents attend one outpatient clinic in addition to continuity clinic per week.
Residents attend one-half day of continuity medical clinic during the first year.
Residents attend on-site school in the homes.
Residents attend public school where appropriate.
Residents attend public schools.
Residents attend rounds on all inpatient rotations.
Residents attend school on the grounds of the home.
Residents attend school year-round.
Residents attend specialized grief and loss, relationship, and voluntary spiritual groups.
Residents attend their home schools whenever possible.
Residents attend various departmental and division conferences on a regular basis.
Residents attend weekly seminars in psychotherapy, psychodiagnostics, and pharmacopsychology.
Residents attend worship services offered by six community churches.
Residents attribute some of their health problems to the living conditions.
Residents automatically receive telephone service unless specified otherwise.
Residents average one weekend call every two months.
Residents barely have to leave their communities for anything.
Residents be able to discuss and counsel adolescents in common injuries in sports medicine.
Residents be able to discuss common psychosocial problems and proper evaluation techniques.
Residents be able to list and evaluate common school problems.
Residents bear the primary responsibility for emergency surgical coverage at both hospitals.
Residents become closer and make new friends.
Residents become comfortable running codes and working in all areas of the hospital.
Residents become competent in clinical, operational, and educational aspects of pharmacy practice.
Residents become concerned about preserving the character of their community.
Residents become increasingly independent as their skill and judgement develop.
Residents become more active and responsive both during and after a visit.
Residents become powerless to stop large manufacturers from locating in their neighborhoods.
Residents become skilled at joint aspiration and injection under faculty supervision.
Residents become 'special needs' and service consumers that only outside resources can fix.
Residents begin anesthesiology training at the start of their second year.
Residents begin hearing chanting and see strange lights and shapes over the nearby ocean.
Residents begin in continuity clinics during their intern year.
Residents begin their training with a one and one half year general surgery experience.
Residents begin to learn the art of supervision.
Residents begin to repair the damage.
Residents begin with two years of diverse basic surgery experience.
Residents believe city services have improved, virtually across the board.
Residents believe crime is rising in the city.
Residents believe in selling all that they have and in sharing everything.
Residents believe it can be done more strongly.
Residents believe it is a fine place to work, visit or call home.
Residents believe other contaminants are still lurking in the ground.
Residents believe that children are now safer when walking or playing in the neighborhood.
Residents believe that cities, factories and businesses create more pollution than pork production.
Residents Believe that Minorities Are More Likely Than Whites To Be Stopped By The Police.
Residents believe that toxic contamination from the bombing is to blame for the health problems.
Residents believe the mobile home park fires had an electrical origin.
Residents believe the plant has something to do with it, but no one is taking the blame.
Residents belong to neighborhood groups.
Residents bemoan the spread of methamphetamine production and addiction.
Residents benefit from a beautiful, modern facility and the latest in materials and equipment.
Residents benefit from a varied recreation program for all ages, including an active senior program.
Residents benefit from close proximity to the downtown shopping area.
Residents benefit from daily teaching rounds and conferences held two to four times a week.
Residents benefit from excellent schools , local hospital , library and public safety services.
Residents benefit from exceptionally low housing costs and award-winning schools.
Residents benefit from having direct computer connections in their rooms.
Residents benefit from reduced rates for golf and tuition is available.
Residents benefit from the availability of attractive space and improved property values.
Residents benefit from the close relationships with other residencies on-site.
Residents benefit from the daily interactions with recognized leaders in other medical specialties.
Residents benefit, too, because they have the opportunity to take control of their trash bills.
Residents blame poor visibility and a lack of road signs for the high number of crashes.
Residents blame the inoperative sewerage system on the tankers.
Residents blame two local companies for polluting the drinking water.
Residents board their homes and businesses in preparation for the storm.
Residents boast about the mature landscaping and great neighborhood feel.
Residents boast medical degrees.
Residents boast that life is good.
Residents boast that rent is reasonable and the complex is well maintained.
Residents boast that the city's greatest assets are the friendly, caring people of the community.
Residents boast that they are blessed with the best weather in the world.
Residents boast the clock is the longest continuously running clock in the United States.
Residents brave sub-zero weather to cheer their favorites.
Residents breathe a chemical soup from many sources.
Residents bring grills and TVs outside.
Residents bring own linens.
Residents bring their own belongings to furnish their apartments.
Residents bring their own furnishings.
Residents build a private practice over the four years with complete continuity of care.
Residents build own additions and porches.
Residents buy and prepare their own food.
Residents buy drinking water from four different purveyors.
Residents buy into an artificial identity, losing their integrity in the process.
Residents buy the houses and lease the small, manageable lots.
Residents call the center to request repairs.
Residents call the voice mailbox and leave a question that is answered by the next workday.
Residents can . . .
Residents can access and obtain material from the reuse center at no charge.
Residents can access it to obtain information about programs or register for programs.
Residents can access the Internet through broadband at home to enjoy the ultra-speed excitement.
Residents can achieve our highest level in twenty-one days.
Residents can already take virtual tours of every park in the city.
Residents can also access a catalog of the library's resources via modem hook ups from their homes.
Residents can also apply for permits if they are regularly transporting a disabled parent or child.
Residents can also assist with colonoscopy and sigmoidoscopy procedures.
Residents can also assist with office procedures.
Residents can also check for toilet tank leaks by adding food coloring to the tank.
Residents can also choose from a bevy of restaurants, bars, street cafes, a night club and a casino.
Residents can also contact municipal employees and file complaints directly through the web-page.
Residents can also curb outdoor activities at dawn, dusk and during the evening.
Residents can also design their own electives in consultation with faculty.
Residents can also drop off yard waste at the centre during regular hours.
Residents can also enjoy the comfort of carefully secured outdoor areas.
Residents can also enjoy the cozy feeling of the fireplace in the parlor.
Residents can also enjoy the rolling hills and rural walkways which surround the area.
Residents can also get free mulch and chips from the township's yard waste recycling program.
Residents can also play crab soccer and sumo wrestling.
Residents can also purchase compost, mulch and recycled antifreeze.
Residents can also purchase home health care services from outside providers.
Residents can also put clean rags and used household items on the curb for recycling and reuse.
Residents can also receive questionnaires and language assistance there.
Residents can also relax in the upstairs television lounge.
Residents can also reserve the pool for private parties.
Residents can also set out trees on their regular plant debris collection days.
Residents can also share their ideas.
Residents can also take advantage of increased savings on long distance phone calls as well.
Residents can also take part in exercise groups and craft groups.
Residents can also take their yard waste to transfer stations or private yard waste sites.
Residents can also tank the ditch for their green lawns and healthy trees in the surrounding areas.
Residents can also turn to hall staff for information on housing-related issues.
Residents can also undertake projects in the areas of ambulatory medicine and quality assurance.
Residents can also use the unit s keypad to gain entry by entering their own personal code.
Residents can and do know their neighbors by name.
Residents can appreciate the benefits of tourism in York and therefore give it their support.
Residents can arrange furniture to suit their needs.
Residents can arrange in-room telephone and internet service upon request.
Residents can arrange the furnished rooms to suit their needs.
Residents can ask a staff member to let the birds out of the cage to fly around in their rooms.
Residents can ask questions during the meeting.
Residents can aspirate foods without any external signs.
Residents can attend sessions or just come in on an open night.
Residents can authorize that post by voting to create the office of mayor.
Residents can avoid parking tickets by placing a sticker on their vehicles.
Residents can be good though.
Residents can become adept in the management of respiratory and cardiovascular emergencies.
Residents can borrow engravers from the department to mark their personal property.
Residents can bring textiles that are clean, dry and stored in a plastic bag.
Residents can bring their immediate families.
Residents can bring their pets, too, as long as the pets have a leash or are in a carrier.
Residents can bring their used tires to one of the following collection locations.
Residents can buy care as needed.
Residents can buy flowers, get patient data from a local hospital, book movie tickets, and so forth.
Residents can call and be placed on the list.
Residents can call and write to their family and friends.
Residents can call for freon removal from their appliances.
Residents can call police to verify employee credentials.
Residents can call staff using a pendant or wall-mounted transmitters.
Residents can call the appropriate agencies to ensure the workers are legitimate.
Residents can call to report an estimate of the amount of damage to their home or business.
Residents can call up or visit branch for information.
Residents can camp in designated areas with a permit.
Residents can catch up with their favorite shows or watch movies.
Residents can check a plot map for sex offenders in their neighborhood.
Residents can check on files such as judgments filed against businesses and individuals.
Residents can check their voice mail from remote locations by dialing into the voice mail service.
Residents can choose among quiet rural villages or booming suburban centers.
Residents can choose between a spacious private or semi-private room based upon availability.
Residents can choose either a one, two, three or four-bedroom unit.
Residents can choose from a companion room, private room or privacy suite.
Residents can choose from a selection of ala carte support services.
Residents can choose from an outstanding array of health services.
Residents can choose from any one of the five meal plans listed above.
Residents can choose from private or companion suites in a neighborhood environment.
Residents can choose from several meal plans or dine la carte.
Residents can choose the level of care they require and define their own lifestyle needs.
Residents can choose the types of containers they prefer.
Residents can choose to go a number of directions with their training experience.
Residents can choose to send their children to one of three school systems.
Residents can choose to stay at the leading edge of viewing technology.
Residents can collect and pay their portion of the cost of speed humps any way they like.
Residents can come in and eat or drink as many times as they wish.
Residents can comment on a possible redistricting plan tonight.
Residents can commingle the recycling in the bin.
Residents can commute to many work locations.
Residents can connect their own personal computers to the campus network at no charge.
Residents can connect to any local Internet provider using their telephone connections.
Residents can contact their local health departments to request water sampling instructions.
Residents can continue to sign the pages throughout the year.
Residents can contract with a hauler of their choice.
Residents can create new works of art in the wood working shop and separate crafts room.
Residents can create Travelogs too.
Residents can decorate their rooms.
Residents can deposit the recycle goods into the proper containers provided.
Residents can determine the direction of cities when they work with politicians and investors.
Residents can dine together at the Russian language table.
Residents can dispose of yard waste and appliances in addition to their normal trash.
Residents can do all of their shopping in Richmond.
Residents can donate plants and trees in memory of a loved one.
Residents can donate to the fund when they file their county taxes.
Residents can drive through the drop-off site in the parking lot of the fairgrounds.
Residents can drop off anti-freeze and used motor oil during regular landfill hours.
Residents can drop off or pick up reusable goods.
Residents can drop off their used oil at no charge at participating businesses.
Residents can drop their leaves off at the site on certain days.
Residents can earn points to establish longer term residency in the double wide unit.
Residents can easily obtain foreign exchange.
Residents can easily update their pages online.
Residents can easily walk or bicycle to classes, the library, or their laboratories.
Residents can easily walk to many fine coffee houses, restaurants and movie theaters.
Residents can eat in the dining room or cook their own meals.
Residents can eat on the patio, use the brick barbecue, and use the walking trail.
Residents can educate themselves and contact their elected officials.
Residents can elect a two-month block teaching and staffing internal medicine wards in Kenya.
Residents can elect to spend up to two months of their transitional year in radiology.
Residents can e-mail dates and events for inclusion in the calendar.
Residents can e-mail for more information.
Residents can enjoy a game of pool or ping-pong, or simply relax in the main student lounge.
Residents can enjoy a picnic in the natural surroundings and walking the interconnecting trails.
Residents can enjoy an indoor lap pool at the well-appointed health and fitness facility.
Residents can enjoy as much community or pr ivacy as they desire.
Residents can enjoy free parking, no tolls and no traffic jams.
Residents can enjoy local opera, ballet and symphony, as well as myriad film and art festivals.
Residents can enjoy many outdoor activities year round.
Residents can enjoy swimming, water skiing, jet skiing, and sailing as well as pleasure boating.
Residents can enjoy the advantages of living in the heart of an area of rapid growth.
Residents can enjoy the clubhouse with aerobic fitness center, meeting room, pool and spa.
Residents can enjoy the outdoors from the walking path around the building or the outdoor gazebo.
Residents can enjoy the outdoors on foot, horse or bicycle.
Residents can enjoy the trees even after they are recycled.
Residents can enjoy the use of a pool and tennis court.
Residents can enjoy visiting malls, shopping and the many restaurants and attractions in the area.
Residents can enter the cafeteria without leaving the building.
Residents can enter the gym through the northwest door.
Residents can exit the unit independently.
Residents can expect a focused learning experience and the acquisition of critical skills.
Residents can expect a full a la carte menu nightly.
Residents can expect construction work in the areas listed below, at the listed times.
Residents can expect options and packages to be announced in the next few months.
Residents can expect some delays and daily detours as work progresses.
Residents can expect the equipment and workers to cause some traffic problems in the area.
Residents can expect to see construction equipment, workers and temporary traffic control devices.
Residents can expect two days off per week.
Residents can expect two to four collections in their neighborhood per season.
Residents can file on the phone, through a paid tax professional or on the Internet.
Residents can file tax returns with an interactive voice response system.
Residents can fill out maintenance requests and have questions answered by the desk assistant staff.
Residents can find a pool table, ping-pong, foosball, and gaming tables.
Residents can find out about available items or list items to give away on the site.
Residents can find out about storm information from other sources.
Residents can gain access to the building by using their All Card.
Residents can gain entrance only through the use of their room keys.
Residents can gear their training to a rural practice, an urban practice, or anything in between.
Residents can get a library card for free.
Residents can get a package of free postcards to keep in their cars.
Residents can get application forms at any city library or senior center.
Residents can get directions, see pictures of the latest programs and check on upcoming events.
Residents can get one free parking tag each summer to park at beach-end spots.
Residents can get the key for the music room from the front desk.
Residents can go for weeks on end without a single decent night's rest.
Residents can go on for a third research training year .
Residents can hand water plants and shrubbery any day of the week and time.
Residents can hang pictures with nails.
Residents can haul their brush to the landfill at no charge.
Residents can have access to the alley.
Residents can have guests, provided that both roommates agree.
Residents can have limited involvement with a visiting nurse agency, and still live in the home.
Residents can have use of a dump truck, parked in their driveway , for cleaning out and loading up.
Residents can help by eliminating water standing around the home.
Residents can help by keeping clear access to the remote register.
Residents can help prevent mosquito problems by doing simple maintenance in their own yards.
Residents can help prevent such a scenario by disposing of hazardous chemicals conscientiously.
Residents can help themselves by learning to recognize reasonable speeds for safety as a pedestrian.
Residents can help themselves whenever they are hungry.
Residents can help too.
Residents can hike and bike along the trails.
Residents can hire a lawn service.
Residents can hold foreign currency.
Residents can increase the number of continuity clinics per week during other non-ward rotations.
Residents can join our mailing list here .
Residents can keep cars there at their own risk.
Residents can keep track of the fund-raising campaign on the web.
Residents can learn of procedures in each building from the residence hall staff.
Residents can leave clippings on their lawn for fertilizer or create a composting bin.
Residents can leave full bags by the road.
Residents can leave their homes for days or weeks without worrying.
Residents can leave their recyclables in marked bins to be collected at curbside.
Residents can live, work, learn and play in locations as busy or secluded as they choose.
Residents can look forward to a meandering walkway, soccer pitches and a baseball diamond.
Residents can make choices about routine.
Residents can make choices about their daily routine.
Residents can move about in a controlled, safe environment within the dome complex.
Residents can move as their needs evolve, without ever leaving the neighborhood.
Residents can move from one level to another as needed.
Residents can mulch and compost their grass and leaves.
Residents can navigate the branches of local government a little easier by taking the virtual route.
Residents can no longer burn wood for heating and cooking.
Residents can now access the Internet through a direct dial-up number in their homes.
Residents can now contact departments or access services by email at any time of the day or night.
Residents can object.
Residents can obtain a copy by sending an e-mail to the Township giving their mailing address.
Residents can obtain a copy of the report through city hall.
Residents can obtain additional permits for specific special events.
Residents can obtain information about healthy eating and label reading.
Residents can obtain information, text and images through the library, at home or at the office.
Residents can obtain public-meeting agendas, train schedules and annual reports.
Residents can obtain quarters at any one of many nearby banks.
Residents can obtain residential parking permits.
Residents can obtain separate permits for each vehicle.
Residents can only reserve a Sway Car for property they are currently living in.
Residents can only use their meal plan once during each meal time.
Residents can only vote for the commissioner in the district in which they live.
Residents can only vote in the precinct they live.
Residents can open the door with their suite key.
Residents can participate by handing out candy as children come through the residence hall.
Residents can participate in a variety of group or individual activities.
Residents can participate in a variety of individual and group activities.
Residents can participate in all phases of construction from the foundation to the roof.
Residents can participate in inter-college carnivals in various sports.
Residents can participate in many civic and community organizations and service groups.
Residents can participate in several ways.
Residents can participate in the program in many ways.
Residents can personalize their room with belongings from home.
Residents can pick up items at the reuse area.
Residents can picnic while children play on the equipment.
Residents can place materials at the curb for collection on the preceding evening.
Residents can place recycling bins at curbside once a week.
Residents can play basketball and volleyball at the sports court and enjoy the spacious lawn areas.
Residents can play pool, ping pong, or throw darts in the lobby.
Residents can play tennis on clay courts that are equipped with lights.
Residents can practice life-support techniques on an eerily lifelike simulated patient.
Residents can practice on cadavers and dry models.
Residents can prepare meals in their own apartments, or sign up for meal service.
Residents can print a receipt for their records when they finish.
Residents can print to the laser printer located behind each front desk.
Residents can purchase a single or family memberships or pay a daily admittance fee.
Residents can purchase backyard composters and replace damaged or stolen blue boxes.
Residents can purchase the stickers from local retailers.
Residents can qualify for two types of funds, either a grant or loan.
Residents can reach any part of the city by walking a relatively short distance.
Residents can receive a free candidate membership .
Residents can receive answers to their questions and comments from the comfort of their own homes.
Residents can receive free donated clothing for their families twice a month from the closet.
Residents can recycle latex and oil paints, stains and varnishes, and motor oil.
Residents can regulate air conditioning temperature by way of thermostats located in their rooms.
Residents can relate to something that they can see.
Residents can relax at the garden outside the museum.
Residents can relax from the weekday work activities and socialize.
Residents can rent refrigerators through RHC during move-in.
Residents can request a specially early breakfast.
Residents can request additional meetings.
Residents can request placement of a school crossing guard placed at a neighborhood intersection.
Residents can request tapes.
Residents can reserve a computer for up to three hours.
Residents can reserve facilities at no charge, whereas fees are assessed to nonresidents.
Residents can reserve their rooms for private use.
Residents can rest assured of finding comprehensive nursing services right on site.
Residents can retrieve messages anytime from on or off campus.
Residents can review their individual evaluations at any time and all receive quarterly reports.
Residents can save money by doing their own landscaping or taking on some development tasks.
Residents can schedule time to work with the simulator at their convenience.
Residents can secure the program benefits by circulating a petition in their neighborhood.
Residents can see construction cranes north of town, building up walls and fences.
Residents can see their way to a sensible financial plan.
Residents can see what medical practice in Mexico is really like.
Residents can see white-tail deer and red foxes throughout the development.
Residents can select a site, settle in and call it home.
Residents can send and receive e-mail to stay connected with family and friends.
Residents can share a real sense of community spirit.
Residents can share their number with friends and family members before arriving.
Residents can shop at the VA retail store for a wide variety of merchandise, tax-free.
Residents can shovel or blow snow from sidewalks onto the streets before they are plowed.
Residents can sign up for the whole summer or purchase by single-copy.
Residents can sign up online using our convenient form.
Residents can simply throw their trash away as usual.
Residents can simulate independent living while receiving support, feedback and training from staff.
Residents can sit on their porches and socialize.
Residents can spend a day at one of the many museums or take in a performance at a local theater.
Residents can spend a minimum of one and up to a maximum of three years in the program.
Residents can spend two of the four months on electives outside the Sacramento community.
Residents can spend up to six months devoted to a special area or research.
Residents can start choosing their electricity providers now.
Residents can stay at the shelter for up to ninety days.
Residents can stay fit year-round, no matter how icy the wind blows outside.
Residents can stay for up to six months if necessary.
Residents can stay for up to three weeks and receive outreach counselling upon leaving.
Residents can stay until they die.
Residents can still enjoy three meals a day in the Marian Manor dining room.
Residents can still travel to and from their homes.
Residents can still walk through the native grass without the concrete borders.
Residents can stock up on all kinds of goodies such as pies, cider and pumpkins.
Residents can subscribe to cable television.
Residents can swim and boat safely and legally in the rest of Five Island Lake and elsewhere.
Residents can switch back and forth between the two as care needs necessitate.
Residents can take advantage of free citywide PFT screens all week as well.
Residents can take advantage of the spacious and decorative lobby and lounge on the first floor.
Residents can take classes part-time and complete the degree during a primary care fellowship year.
Residents can take control of their neighborhoods by quickly removing graffiti.
Residents can take control of their neighborhoods by quickly reporting and removing graffiti.
Residents can take or have their trash haulers bring yard waste to the landfill.
Residents can take their trash during normal hours seven days a week without charges.
Residents can take up to three appliances to a designated landfill in the area at no cost.
Residents can then access the service with their own computers.
Residents can then check their records, renew and request items directly via the Internet.
Residents can then fill out a form to obtain a profile and picture on the offender.
Residents can then put the call on hold and speak to the visitor at the entrance.
Residents can then take a stroll up and down the streets looking at the cleverly decorated windows.
Residents can then take one color turkey and write on it something they are thankful for.
Residents can thus develop their skills by treating patients with a wide variety of surgical needs.
Residents can travel to and from their homes.
Residents can try their hand at a variety of games in Middle Earth's own Las Vegas style casino.
Residents can turn in unwanted paint and household chemicals at their local city service department.
Residents can turn on lights, air-con, or other connected devices before leaving work.
Residents can use a swipe card to purchase meals.
Residents can use all libraries in the cooperative with their Romeo library card.
Residents can use all sports equipment free of charge.
Residents can use an area plan to seek rezoning or set architectural and other standards.
Residents can use the facility, chemicals, photo paper, and development equipment at no cost.
Residents can use the finished product after materials are composted.
Residents can use the network connections to connect their personal computer to the Internet.
Residents can use their own computers and printers in their rooms.
Residents can view it through the city s home page from any Internet-enabled computer, at any time.
Residents can view post-storm erosion in the context of longterm shoreline variability.
Residents can walk over to the parks and play on tennis courts and fish in a nearby pond.
Residents can walk to all stores and services and can easily access public transportation.
Residents can walk to post office, bank, stores, art gallery, beauty salon and lunch out, if mobile.
Residents can walk, bike or take the bus a short distance to work.
Residents can walk, ride bikes or take the free campus shuttle to labs and lectures.
Residents can wander safely along outdoor paths in secure enclosed courtyards.
Residents can win gift certificates for attending classes.
Residents can withdraw from the service if they find themselves unable to adjust to the hostel life.
Residents can work in the raised beds.
Residents can work out and swim.
Residents can work together to improve a neighborhood's appearance and deter criminals.
Residents can work together to improve neighborhood appearance and deter criminals.
Residents can write in questions they have for the government.
Residents can, however, maintain their cars here.
Residents canvass their block for signatures.
Residents care about each other.
Residents care about the community and each other.
Residents care deeply about our community and continually step forward to be involved.
Residents care for a diverse mix of private patients, clinic patients and recent immigrants.
Residents care for a mix of more common, general pediatric problems.
Residents care for a wide variety of patients with complex medical problems.
Residents care for patients from all socioeconomic and racial groups.
Residents care for patients in clinic and outpatient office settings.
Residents care for patients with a wide range of conditions from the common to the most esoteric.
Residents care for private patients in consultation with the private physicians.
Residents carefully preserve the beauty of Weston.
Residents carpool to events or go in the community van.
Residents carry an access key.
Residents carry no more than six inpatients at a time and receive regular attending supervision.
Residents carry on a normal lifestyle, participating in the activities of the home.
Residents carry their own out-side door key to gain access to their hall.
Residents catch up on local news each morning.
Residents cease to plow, prune, plant, graze, gather and, yes, burn.
Residents celebrate their history by honoring the unique aspects of German life.
Residents certainly have a right to be disgruntled about rising taxes.
Residents characterize the spirit of the hall as friendly, open, and fun.
Residents charge that unfiltered emissions are regularly escaping the plant.
Residents chat proudly about their remodeling projects and their gardens.
Residents check depression tests to several depression to a code.
Residents check in at their assigned hall.
Residents check out a key to their bike room from their floor resident assistant.
Residents cherish and seek to preserve the area's rural charm, even as upscale houses multiply.
Residents choose entrees from a selective menu, and are served by our cheerful staff.
Residents choose form a long list of activities and interesting places to visit.
Residents choose from a menu of amenities and price plans.
Residents choose from a variety of outdoor and indoor activities.
Residents choose haulers.
Residents choose one option or another as their needs change.
Residents choose presentation topics for students each semester.
Residents choose the facilitators.
Residents choose the subspecialty in which to extend their education.
Residents choose their own seating.
Residents choose their physician from the many excellent physicians in the area.
Residents claim existence of ghosts.
Residents claim more sunshine , less congestion and a great lifestyle.
Residents claim that attempts have been made to construct signs and safety measures in the area.
Residents claim that for years the area has suffered from an acute lack of investment.
Residents clean and maintain their dorm area as part of the room and board arrangement.
Residents clean and maintain their living area as part of the room and board arrangement.
Residents clean their own rooms and do their own laundry.
Residents clean up their houses and their alleys.
Residents clearly enjoy their experience here.
Residents clearly feel more of a part of the university community while living here.
Residents collaborate daily with the country's leading clinicians and researchers.
Residents come and go as they please, always knowing that their apartment or cottage is safe.
Residents come and go.
Residents come for the delicious hot lunch specials, homemade soups, milkshakes and conversation.
Residents come from all backgrounds.
Residents come from all over the country and from all academic majors.
Residents come from all over the U.S. and many have served in the military around the world.
Residents come from all over the world and form a unique and diverse community.
Residents come from all parts of the USA and abroad.
Residents come from Germany, the Netherlands, Czechoslovakia, Malaysia and China.
Residents come from several planets and include gnomes, giants, dwarfs.
Residents come home to speak and hear Spanish.
Residents come up with the topics for dinner discussions.
Residents coming in obviously are accustomed to more of a municipal-type service.
Residents command a flexible rotation schedule with a fair on-call schedule.
Residents commit themselves to speaking only Spanish while in the house.
Residents commonly pay an initial entry fee to join in the community and a monthly fee thereafter.
Residents commute to jobs in nearby suburbs as well as in Chicago.
Residents commute to jobs in the region from the Central Valley and the Central Coast.
Residents compare themselves to other states.
Residents complain about missed pickups, spills, recycling mix-ups in Allentown.
Residents complain about noise.
Residents complain about the presence of rats and rodents in their homes and neighborhoods.
Residents complain of a high incidence of respiratory diseases.
Residents complain of breathing problems and severe headaches.
Residents complain of illegal dumping and poor trash pick-up.
Residents complain of itchy eyes and scratchy throats.
Residents complain the cluster boxes are impersonal and detract from a sense of neighborliness.
Residents complain the train keeps belching out smoke clouds, covering houses and people in soot.
Residents complete a one-month rotation through the laboratory.
Residents complete a research project in their area of interest during the three-year period.
Residents complete a variety of classes or groups.
Residents complete an application in the spring to reside in the house the following year.
Residents complete at least one paper to graduate from the training program.
Residents complete other general maintenance projects within the community.
Residents complete rotation, faculty and program evaluations, while faculty evaluate residents.
Residents complete tasks and exercises outside of group and present their work in group.
Residents complete the program feeling confident in their management.
Residents complete the program with a thorough knowledge of surgical literature.
Residents complete the program with extensive surgical experience in all aspects of ophthalmology.
Residents conduct a yearly clinical or radiation biology research project during the residency.
Residents consider it cold if they have to wear long-sleeve cotton shirts.
Residents consider the area a perfect mix of rural and city life.
Residents consider the march triumphalist and deeply insulting.
Residents consider their peaceful way of life one of the area's best kept secrets.
Residents consider themselves an extended family.
Residents contend that the groundhog has never been wrong.
Residents continually complain about the abuses they are forced to endure.
Residents continue to attend public or private schools in the community.
Residents continue to follow their own pregnant patients throughout the year.
Residents continue to organize and together they are succeeding in making our community safer.
Residents contribute one third of their income towards recreation activities and special needs.
Residents contribute one-third of their gross income for rent.
Residents contribute to current projects or work to develop and implement new ones.
Residents contribute to the cost of the shelter, based upon their monthly income.
Residents control future development themselves through the homeowners' association.
Residents control the development and daily management of the community.
Residents control their own lives.
Residents cook and clean for themselves.
Residents cook meals in their own kitchens.
Residents coordinate educational conferences for the junior residents.
Residents counter national and international influences to build shelter and incomes, albeit meager.
Residents cover a rural hospital emergency room during an emergency medicine rotation.
Residents cover all gynecology service surgeries as well as most of the clinical faculty cases.
Residents cover all three hospitals.
Residents cover own patients.
Residents crank up the music and host full-blown parties in front of their houses.
Residents create a password to retrieve messages.
Residents create the East Windsor Volunteer Fire Department.
Residents create their own community and plan activities centered around common interests.
Residents currently bring their garbage to a plywood receptacle at the end of the road.
Residents currently carry treated water from a central community well and use pit privies.
Residents currently control two seats.
Residents currently haul water and honeybuckets.
Residents currently have to go elsewhere to buy goods.
Residents currently have two to three months available for elective rotations.
Residents customize their mailboxes with paintings of deer, boats and sea birds.
Residents decide next week if restaurants within the town can serve mixed drinks.
Residents decide to hire a private security guard to patrol the neighborhood.
Residents decide what executive positions are necessary to have a successful council.
Residents decide which tracks they prefer.
Residents decorate rooms to their personal taste.
Residents decorate store windows with family heirlooms, quilts and old photographs.
Residents decry proposal to allow freeway signage in exchange for removing advertising from streets.
Residents dedicate two months of their fourth year to thoracic surgery.
Residents define the nature of their community through land use.
Residents delight in spending the late afternoon hours talking over coffee.
Residents deliver their own patients with backup by health center faculty.
Residents demonstrate an interest in other contemporary issues, too.
Residents depend on fishing and sheep raising.
Residents depend on it to access jobs, services and many daily activities.
Residents depend on private wells for their drinking water.
Residents depend on shopping facilities or further afield.
Residents describe themselves principally as farmers who cultivate the flood plain of the river.
Residents describe why they moved here.
Residents deserve a pool that is safe and clean and accessible to everyone in the community.
Residents deserve answers and action.
Residents deserve more.
Residents deserve the best possible medical care and the continued services of paramedics in Tuxedo.
Residents design their elective choices in collaboration with faculty advisors.
Residents desire a hospital and have recently completed a community action plan.
Residents desire a piped water and sewer system.
Residents determine the lounges' purpose, consitent with the policy of self-determination.
Residents determine their own daily routine.
Residents determine wake-up and bedtime hours.
Residents develop an individual case management plan and participate in individual counseling.
Residents develop and complete a community-based project during their training.
Residents develop and follow their own practice.
Residents develop and integrate their theories and models of ministry.
Residents develop confidence and fluency practicing the language daily.
Residents develop expertise in the management of patients with myofascial pain.
Residents develop lifelong habits during residency.
Residents develop skills in triage, short-term therapy and involuntary certifications.
Residents develop skills required to critically review the medical literature.
Residents develop skills to manage their symptoms of mental illness and maintain community living.
Residents develop the ability to use the tools of the field under close supervision of the faculty.
Residents devise ways to deal with the pesky birds and still stay out of jail.
Residents devote a significant amount of time and effort to completion of their research projects.
Residents diagnose and treat both common and rare diseases.
Residents diagnose, admit, and care for women with fertility problems and endocrine disease.
Residents dig deep into their closets and haul out their spring and fall garments.
Residents dine together and share activities as they wish.
Residents dine together and share in activities as they wish.
Residents direct their care to the highest extent possible.
Residents discuss all their patients with one of the attendings.
Residents discuss the goings-on of the world.
Residents discuss the satisfaction they feel during and after services.
Residents dismiss the episode as a solitary occurrence.
Residents dispose of their trash by dumping it in the canal or incinerating it.
Residents do get in a hurry, or they get tired and take risks unnecessarily.
Residents do qualify to use the student health services on campus.
Residents do receive discounted prices.
Residents do their own cooking and clean their own suites.
Residents do their own cooking and cleaning, and a local handyman does needed repairs.
Residents do two separate months of night float in their third year.
Residents don t even think about it unless service levels are too low or taxes are too high.
Residents donate food to the food-bank by giving to the fire truck.
Residents dress up and walk in the circle in the center of town for an about an hour every night.
Residents dress up their streets in the holiday spirit.
Residents drive for miles just to reach a grocery store.
Residents drive the association and influence in what goes on in their community.
Residents drive through the collection site where trained employees unload their waste.
Residents drop off waste at the landfill.
Residents dump garbage in the streets and have built septic tanks.
Residents earn a livelihood by mainly farming, fishing and logging.
Residents earn a salary based on their production.
Residents earn moderate to high incomes and reside in upscale neighborhoods in the coastal states.
Residents earn privileges and take responsibility for their actions.
Residents earn privileges or rewards as they progress through the program.
Residents earn their allowance by completing their chores.
Residents eat fish such as salmon.
Residents eat fish.
Residents eat in elegant dining rooms and are served by staff.
Residents eat only fish, especially salmon and squid.
Residents eat their meals in the main dining room.
Residents eat, play, study, and learn together, and offer each other support.
Residents eating in the main dining room can choose from a selective menu.
Residents echolocate their prey.
Residents elect a mayor, a clerk and six trustees.
Residents elect an an executive board to represent their ideas and issues.
Residents elect blocks of two or three months in three or four laboratories.
Residents elect officers, and vote on policy recommendations for the hall, and on activities.
Residents elect the mayor at large for a four-year term.
Residents enjoy . . .
Residents enjoy a carefree lifestyle with ongoing activities that keep life interesting.
Residents enjoy a chance to visit with each other before lunch.
Residents enjoy a charming, rural lifestyle as well as the convenience of big city attractions.
Residents enjoy a common first-level lounge as well as study and computer areas on each floor.
Residents enjoy a community rich in parks and open spaces.
Residents enjoy a convenient location, beautiful surroundings and a wonderful sense of community.
Residents enjoy a diverse program of activities and a full complement of support services.
Residents enjoy a healthy outdoor lifestyle throughout all four seasons.
Residents enjoy a high quality of life.
Residents enjoy a high standard of living and the public schools have been cited for excellence.
Residents enjoy a high standard of living and unemployment is very low.
Residents enjoy a home environment.
Residents enjoy a hot breakfast four mornings a week.
Residents enjoy a lower cost of living than our urban counterparts.
Residents enjoy a Mediterranean climate with warm, dry summers and mild, wet winters.
Residents enjoy a moderate climate, stable economy, and many social activities.
Residents enjoy a modest cost of living and affordable housing.
Residents enjoy a more academic, peaceful, quite atmosphere.
Residents enjoy a night-float call system.
Residents enjoy a private water park, golf course, playgrounds and trails.
Residents enjoy a range of social activities and personal care services.
Residents enjoy a restaurant-style dining room that adjoins a comfortable living room area.
Residents enjoy a rural setting with the convenience of being within city limits.
Residents enjoy a selection of neighborhoods created in harmony with the natural surroundings.
Residents enjoy a significant involvement in research and some have published their results.
Residents enjoy a variety of activities and entertainment.
Residents enjoy a variety of activities, a craft room, physical therapy and exercise.
Residents enjoy a variety of entertainment throughout the year.
Residents enjoy a variety of scenery with each change of the season.
Residents enjoy a wealth of recreational activities.
Residents enjoy a wide variety of annual events and take their community seriously.
Residents enjoy access to a multitude of tools that simplify and enhance their lives.
Residents enjoy access to a variety of quality medical providers.
Residents enjoy access to safe and maintained park facilities.
Residents enjoy all the town has to offer while living in safe, quiet neighborhoods.
Residents enjoy an atmosphere that is almost rural, but close to all metropolitan conveniences.
Residents enjoy an economic climate marked by variety and progress.
Residents enjoy an enviable standard of living.
Residents enjoy an excellent quality of life and easy access to Little Rock.
Residents enjoy basketball and volleyball courts as well as open space for other sports and games.
Residents enjoy bazaars and galleries that add cultural highlights to our desert atmosphere.
Residents enjoy better health because of improved sanitation and higher quality water.
Residents enjoy bike riding and walking along the palm-lined streets.
Residents enjoy caring for patients of all ages.
Residents enjoy celebrating birthdays and other holidays together.
Residents enjoy certain rights.
Residents enjoy close proximity to Kansas City and the university town of Lawrence.
Residents enjoy colorful autumns, mild winters, fresh springs and moderately warm summers.
Residents enjoy comfortable accommodation in pleasant single rooms all with ensuite facilities.
Residents enjoy convenient shopping, fine restaurants, and top-quality entertainment events.
Residents enjoy either a two or three bedroom suite arrangement.
Residents enjoy excellent cuisine, always with a vegetarian alternative.
Residents enjoy excellent schools and affordable housing.
Residents enjoy excellent shopping opportunities and commuting convenience.
Residents enjoy exciting cultural and recreational opportunities in beautiful natural surroundings.
Residents enjoy fitness program, computer courses, creative arts, and regularly scheduled trips.
Residents enjoy formal and informal programs and their own computer laboratory and study space.
Residents enjoy four very distinct seasons.
Residents enjoy free disposal of up to ten tires.
Residents enjoy free parking at all program locations.
Residents enjoy getting most household needs and repairs at just a phone call away.
Residents enjoy golfing, biking, camping, fishing, and many other outdoor activities.
Residents enjoy hiking, fishing, kayaking and cross-country skiing.
Residents enjoy immediate access to thousands of acres of the Mt. Tam watershed recreation lands.
Residents enjoy kayaking, sailing, golf and superb Celtic music.
Residents enjoy live entertainment, concessions, and youth activities during the event.
Residents enjoy living nearer to nature while staying close to the conveniences of city life.
Residents enjoy long twilights in early spring and late autumn.
Residents enjoy many museums and musical groups.
Residents enjoy many recreational opportunities within walking distance.
Residents enjoy meals that are prepared and served home style along with a wide variety of snacks.
Residents enjoy meeting new people from the community.
Residents enjoy miles of sandy beaches and peaceful ocean views.
Residents enjoy mountain views, desert scenery and the city lights of nearby Tucson.
Residents enjoy nature in several ways, including the many recreational opportunities it provides.
Residents enjoy nutritional meals and a registered dietitian is available for special diets.
Residents enjoy our small town ambiance but have all the amenities of a big city.
Residents enjoy outings to various local places of interest in our wheelchair-accessible van.
Residents enjoy passing the time sailing within the park.
Residents enjoy planting, gardening and learning.
Residents enjoy plenty of outdoor activity, social events, or just taking it easy.
Residents enjoy police and fire protection, water and sewer service.
Residents enjoy product discounts, tours and complimentary wine tasting.
Residents enjoy pure, crisp country air and refreshing clean, cool water.
Residents enjoy quality municipal services at a fair price.
Residents enjoy quality of life in an atmosphere of southern hospitality and charm.
Residents enjoy seasonal sports, camping, and other recreational activities.
Residents enjoy some of the best climate for which the Sunshine State has become famous.
Residents enjoy spacious, comfortable surroundings in a friendly home-like atmosphere.
Residents enjoy spectacular views of city lights and the mountains.
Residents enjoy sport-fishing, commercial fishing and subsistence activities.
Residents enjoy studying, visiting, socials, and other activities.
Residents enjoy subtropical climate and year round outdoor activities.
Residents enjoy tasty professionally planned and prepared meals in a cheerful dining room.
Residents enjoy temperate seasons with mild winters.
Residents enjoy the beautiful scenery, nearly perfect weather and atmosphere.
Residents enjoy the benefits of nearby metropolitan areas and coastal vacation destinations.
Residents enjoy the benefits of quiet surroundings, fresh air, a sea view and a young community.
Residents enjoy the benefits of suburban living centered around a community atmosphere.
Residents enjoy the best of all worlds.
Residents enjoy the best of climate.
Residents enjoy the community's close proximity to schools, restaurants and area golf courses.
Residents enjoy the companionship of neighbors and staff members while dining.
Residents enjoy the convenience of large desk tops and well-lit rooms.
Residents enjoy the convenience of nearby businesses, retail centers and employment opportunities.
Residents enjoy the delights of country life and the comforts of a diverse and settled community.
Residents enjoy the excellent roads and services, the easy access to urban centres and employment.
Residents enjoy the independence of living in their own rental apartment.
Residents enjoy the indoor pool, weight room and adjacent rooftop deck.
Residents enjoy the low crime rate, fresh air, clear skies, and low cost of living.
Residents enjoy the many fascinating birds and pesky squirrels that visit our grounds.
Residents enjoy the open spaces punctuated by history, culture and the desert landscape.
Residents enjoy the opportunity to converse and mingle outdoors when the weather permits.
Residents enjoy the paved outdoor walking trail for fresh air and exercise.
Residents enjoy the quite lifestyle here riding their horses and watching the wonderful sunsets.
Residents enjoy the rural feeling and natural setting offered by the area.
Residents enjoy the shopping spree.
Residents enjoy the small town, semi-rural atmosphere in Surprise.
Residents enjoy the spacious wood-beamed lounge and large rooms.
Residents enjoy the spring and fall breezes on porches around the buildings.
Residents enjoy the suite-style living and the opportunities to socialize.
Residents enjoy the use of their own spacious lounge and kitchenette.
Residents enjoy the variety of menu choice and individual dietary needs are accommodated.
Residents enjoy the views, which include lovely sunsets.
Residents enjoy their private apartments, furnished and decorated to their personal tastes.
Residents enjoy three kosher meals daily in the scenic dining room.
Residents enjoy urban parks, internationally acclaimed attractions and a thriving arts community.
Residents enjoy vaulted ceilings, fireplaces, microwave ovens, individual entry ways and carports.
Residents enjoy views of the surrounding waterways without sacrificing the four seasons.
Residents enjoy watching color television in the lounges with their friends.
Residents enjoy well-prepared meals in their own spacious, comfortable dining room.
Residents enjoy winning practical household items or gift certificates.
Residents enjoy wooded lots and great mountain views.
Residents enter address information, and the site returns color-coded evacuation zone information.
Residents enter an e-mail address into a form in the department s Web site.
Residents especially enjoy the air-conditioned study carrels provided for each room.
Residents establish a panel of private patients to follow for three years.
Residents establish and work toward practical goals while living in a supportive environment.
Residents evaluate all new and follow-up facility patients and clinic oncology patients.
Residents evaluate all patients, new and return, and dictate notes.
Residents evaluate and manage acute and chronic pain syndromes in outpatients.
Residents evaluate attending faculty and each rotation at the end of every block.
Residents evaluate each rotation and the teaching faculty.
Residents evaluate each rotation when it ends.
Residents evaluate pediatric and adult patients and obtain informed consent.
Residents evaluate the teaching, rotations and other learning experiences that comprise the program.
Residents even control their own heating and air-conditioning.
Residents everywhere are welcome to submit a diagnosis.
Residents exchange with each other for respite care.
Residents exhibit variable interest in the unusual foliage color.
Residents expect a wide diversity of facilities and programs to be available in the community.
Residents expect nothing less than non-residents paying their fair share.
Residents expect nothing less.
Residents expecting out of town guests can make arrangements for their stay with local motels.
Residents experience first contact paediatric care in the emergency room at the medical centre.
Residents experience it firsthand all too often.
Residents express appreciation for the quality of planning and design in the area.
Residents express surprise and some discomfort at the sudden scrutiny of their city.
Residents exude a strong sense of community pride and Southern hospitality.
Residents face grave danger when they leave their villages to gather water from outside sources.
Residents face pollution caused by dust contaminated with fecal residues.
Residents fear for the lives of the children especially.
Residents fear for their safety.
Residents fear the effect on the watershed, drinking water, bird habitats.
Residents fear things can only get worse.
Residents feel a sense of ownership and responsibility for their community.
Residents feel a sense of peace and home-coming, and find it a delightful place to live.
Residents feel a strong sense of ownership and involvement in the decision-making process.
Residents feel more comfortable when the consultant is part of the county.
Residents feel much safer as the police have become more visible.
Residents feel safe here.
Residents feel safe walking in their neighborhoods at night.
Residents feel that a transition area is needed.
Residents feel they have ownership of their schools.
Residents feel they live in a different world, keeping to their tight cliques and sheltered porches.
Residents Feel Unprepared To Treat.
Residents fetch well water in old kerosene cans balanced on a yoke.
Residents fight rezoning Proposal for high-density apartments worries neighbors.
Residents fight the cold by building temporary shelters with rocks and rubble from the quake.
Residents fill their home tanks for use later in the day.
Residents find a wide range of real-estate, insurance, travel and other services available.
Residents find all the comforts of home here, plus a few more.
Residents find alternatives to the weekly mowing routine.
Residents find clinical practice guidelines valuable as educational and clinical tools.
Residents find many similarities, as well as diversity within their groups.
Residents find that hog odor comes and goes, but anger stays.
Residents find that when they call to place a work order there are language barriers.
Residents find the area attractive because they can get jobs in close proximity to their homes.
Residents first master extracapsular cataract extraction and then proceed to phacoemulsification.
Residents fish during all seasons, even in the most harsh of winters.
Residents flee the area leaving behind the majority of their slaves.
Residents focus on world issues such as hunger, population, and human rights.
Residents follow a comprehensive syllabus which provides for a variety of learning formats.
Residents follow patients through the course of therapy and in follow-up.
Residents follow strict rules and discipline.
Residents follow the same patients during the entire three years of the program.
Residents follow their own patient populations in both family practice and psychiatry.
Residents follow their own patients longitudinally during the course of their training.
Residents follow their own pregnant patients throughout the year.
Residents follow women throughout their pregnancies, deliveries and post-partum care.
Residents form committees to carry out the work of the community.
Residents form committees to identify issues, monitor the resolution of problems and inform others.
Residents form practice groups that extend throughout their three years.
Residents formally evaluate the pathology staff and the residency program annually.
Residents foster an atmosphere permeated by appreciation for each individual and for the land.
Residents freely come and go.
Residents furnish the apartment with their own belongings, in the style they prefer.
Residents furnish their own homes, so no two are alike.
Residents furnish their own living space.
Residents furnish their own microwave and refrigerator.
Residents furnish their own phone instrument.
Residents furnish their own private apartments and pay a monthly fee for room, board, and services.
Residents furnish their own private rooms to provide a home-like atmosphere.
Residents furnish their own shower curtain.
Residents furnish their rooms with their own furniture and pictures.
Residents gain a rewarding sense of usefulness from participation in routine daily tasks.
Residents gain additional experience in dental research and education.
Residents gain considerable experience in the application of ultrasound on most of the rotations.
Residents gain evening access to their buildings by using card swipe locks at designated entrances.
Residents gain evening access to their buildings by using combination locks at designated entrances.
Residents gain experience in managing a periodontal maintenance program.
Residents gain experience in performing all studies.
Residents gain experience in utilization review, quality assurance and health care administration.
Residents gain experience managing complex medical and surgical problems.
Residents gain expertise in flexible sigmoidoscopy with the guidance of the division faculty.
Residents gain extensive experience in both normal and abnormal obstetrics and general gynecology.
Residents gain increasing degrees of autonomy, but always with adequate support.
Residents gain skill in performing various gynecological examinations and procedures.
Residents gain subspecialty training in movement disorder and skull base surgery.
Residents gather along the shore at night to hold candlelit vigils for their dead river.
Residents gather at the edge of the lake to fish and picnic.
Residents gather for great games, good food, fantastic music, and everyone's favorite duck race.
Residents gather for visiting, crafts or other activities.
Residents gather in the courtyard lawns and enjoy the built-in gas barbecue and picnic tables.
Residents gather informally or reserve the room for special events.
Residents gather on front porches, in nearby parks and on open plazas.
Residents gather on the courtyard lawns and enjoy the built-in gas barbecue and picnic tables.
Residents gather together for games of tennis, shuffleboard, boccie and horseshoes.
Residents generally average three weekend shifts per month.
Residents generally divide their away rotations into two to three month blocks.
Residents generally give notice to landlords the last week of the month.
Residents generally live in their own apartments.
Residents generally live independently in an apartment within the senior housing complex.
Residents generally rave about the large windows, the nice views, and the bathrooms.
Residents get a clearer idea of the pressures and challenges police deal with every day.
Residents get a delicious meal while participating in the murder mystery.
Residents get a fresh loaf dropped off twice a day.
Residents get a lot for their money in Iowa.
Residents get a place to park when they want to take the train.
Residents get experience in both implant placement and restoration.
Residents get first hands-on experience since no competition from other residencies.
Residents get hands-on experience using lasers and diagnostic ultrasound in the clinic.
Residents get hands-on experience with helicopter dispatch, as well as actual flight experience.
Residents get immediate response from campus police.
Residents get no direct subsidy, but instead benefit from lower rents made possible by the program.
Residents get out the shovels in Montreal.
Residents get plenty of opportunity to do various joint evaluations and injections.
Residents get the nickel deposit back when they return used bottles and cans to local stores.
Residents get to know many of their colleagues and patients as neighbors.
Residents get to pick out their pots at a party and take back to room.
Residents get together and play cards almost daily.
Residents get up and go to bed when they want, and can go throughout the house as they please.
Residents get up and go to bed when they want.
Residents give comprehensive presentations on basic or clinical topics.
Residents give credit to firefighters and rescue workers, who responded immediately.
Residents give orders for various medical procedures to be administered in the field.
Residents given citations can go to court and ask that it be voided.
Residents giving private parties work with the staff to choose menus and other details.
Residents go out of their way to make guests feel welcome.
Residents go out to work for about six hours each day.
Residents go through a behaviorally-oriented, highly structured treatment program.
Residents go to extraordinary lengths to protect themselves.
Residents go to the forest nearby to find bamboo shoots and mushrooms in season.
Residents grab pets, belongings and drive from homes.
Residents greet both locals and visitors on the street with a smile and good wishes.
Residents greet newcomers to the area with openness and hospitality.
Residents grow webs between their toes within a two-year period and never carry an umbrella.
Residents grown used to floods face new problems in dry periods.
Residents handle meal preparation and housekeeping duties.
Residents haul water and honeybuckets.
Residents haul water from local streams or use individual wells.
Residents have a better understanding of how their actions affect the health of the community.
Residents have a choice of housing ranging from apartments, townhomes, and large residential lots.
Residents have a close-knit expression that is liked very much.
Residents have a concrete connection to the court system.
Residents have a general right to be free of restraints wherever possible.
Residents have a history of supporting school budgets.
Residents have a job to do, too.
Residents have a large selection of electives from which to choose and enrich their interests.
Residents have a liberal allowance for meetings and courses provided by the division.
Residents have a limit of five gallons at a time.
Residents have a love-hate relationship with tourism.
Residents have a major responsibility in the teaching of medical students.
Residents have a mandatory meal plan.
Residents have a minimum of seven hours per week dedicated to education.
Residents have a more accurate sense of opinion on gun-sale restrictions.
Residents have a newsletter.
Residents have a one-month rotation in obstetric anesthesia.
Residents have a panoramic view of Utah Lake.
Residents have a support group.
Residents have a three day waiting period.
Residents have a wide choice of housing, ranging from apartments to large-lot estates.
Residents have a wide variety of views about politics, religion and most anything else.
Residents have access to a computer cluster in the basement.
Residents have access to a computerized learning lab, and receive individualized tutoring.
Residents have access to a laundry room, common lounge and fully equipped kitchen.
Residents have access to a variety of retail and personal service facilities.
Residents have access to a wide variety of books, videocassettes, and audio materials.
Residents have access to an engaging array of educational, recreational and social activities.
Residents have access to computer-based learning tools and the Internet.
Residents have access to either of our two outdoor pools.
Residents have access to homemaker, personal care assistance, transportation and a meal program.
Residents have access to laundry facilities and two lounges.
Residents have access to lovely family rooms and courtyard with gazebo.
Residents have access to more options and facilities than in other areas.
Residents have access to photocopying machines located in the department.
Residents have access to the enclosed grounds, garden, and a lovely outdoor patio.
Residents have access to the library's catalog from home either by dial up or through the Internet.
Residents have access to their rooms at all times.
Residents have access to voice mail, cable television, and internet within each room.
Residents have access to voice mail, laundry facilities, a kitchen area, and a TV lounge.
Residents have air conditioning, carpeting, and suite baths.
Residents have all the commercial amenities of a larger community without the associated congestion.
Residents have among the highest per capita personal income in the country.
Residents have ample opportunity to teach medical students in a psychiatry rotation on site.
Residents have ample time to choose a variety of rotations to enhance and broaden their horizons.
Residents have an exhibition of their work and conduct two public workshops or presentations.
Residents have an individually programmed access card and private entry code.
Residents have an obligation to be concerned about the safety of all students.
Residents have an opportunity to get involved by attending public meetings.
Residents have an opportunity to make something positive from a fouled referendum.
Residents have at least one two-month rotation at each hospital.
Residents have been know to have complained of rowdy parties in the early hours of the morning.
Residents have choice of two school districts.
Residents have clearly defined roles, outsiders are the enemy.
Residents have close continuing contact with dogs, cats, birds, plants and children.
Residents have complete access to the radiology faculty personal libraries and reprint files.
Residents have concerns.
Residents have continuity clinic one or two half-days per week.
Residents have different options on golf fees.
Residents have diverse skills, many with strong outdoor skills.
Residents have easy access to four local airports that service corporate aircraft.
Residents have easy access to meals.
Residents have easy access to other Oregon and Northwest scenic and recreational activities.
Residents have every right to know, understand and comment on every step of the process.
Residents have exclusive use of facilities all day.
Residents have exclusive use of the pool and sauna during the daytime.
Residents have experience in their first and second years with civil commitment.
Residents have few complaints about crime.
Residents have few limitations on their time.
Residents have fewer and fewer reasons to head east.
Residents have first opportunity in the space available.
Residents have four days to register for ration books, either as individuals or family members.
Residents have four weeks paid annual vacation.
Residents have four weeks paid vacation annually.
Residents have good reason to be skeptical.
Residents have hands on experience seeing patients and working directly with specialists.
Residents have high praise now that the landfill slopes are covered with grass.
Residents have individual homes, attached or detached, owned by the residents, and fully salable.
Residents have jobs to do within the game, but they also have free time and social lives.
Residents have just a month to fight the weed.
Residents have keys to the exterior doors of their buildings and to their apartments.
Residents have limited means and restricted access to spay-neuter clinics.
Residents have many of the rights and responsibilities of members.
Residents have many opportunities in Hudson for outdoor recreation.
Residents have many resources for information, counseling, education, and general information.
Residents have mixed feelings.
Residents have more purchasing power because they can purchase in bulk from wholesale distributors.
Residents have no assigned departmental responsibilities on the day after overnight call.
Residents have no gas or running water.
Residents have no land for livestock and farming.
Residents have numerous opportunities to pursue areas of interest.
Residents have offices where they see individual patients of all ages.
Residents have one day in seven with no clinical duties.
Residents have one day per week for professional development and laboratory sessions.
Residents have one more chance to set tone for future.
Residents have one year to conform to ordinance changes for livestock and six months for fowl.
Residents have one year to have their addresses completely changed over.
Residents have ongoing clinic involvement in up to three practice areas.
Residents have opportunities to meet and interact with peers and learn new skills while having fun.
Residents have opportunities to participate in both clinical as well as basic science research.
Residents have opportunities to travel to various medical meetings during their training.
Residents have option to contract with the collector for back yard collections.
Residents have other complaints.
Residents have photocopy and literature search services available.
Residents have plenty of opportunities for higher education, too.
Residents have primary responsibilities for all patients admitted to the critical care units.
Residents have primary responsibility for their in-hospital care.
Residents have priority for computer use.
Residents have private bedrooms with a shared kitchen and common living areas.
Residents have private bedrooms, but share the kitchen, dining and living rooms.
Residents have progressive lecture responsibilities to develop teaching and public speaking skills.
Residents have responsibilities, as well.
Residents have responsibility for one to three inpatients.
Residents have rotations in general medicine, medical consultation, and the medical subspecialties.
Residents have seven days to return the spare key.
Residents have six months after entry to pay the bond.
Residents have small ears, colorful hats and speak slowly, with intermittent giggling.
Residents have some suggestions.
Residents have substantial input in the management of the residency program.
Residents have the ability to live, work, shop and play in the same area.
Residents have the additional security of having their doors open onto an interior hallway.
Residents have the benefit of a large and comfortable lounge, dining room andbeautiful gardens.
Residents have the benefit of providing total patient care from initial patient contact onward.
Residents have the choice of renting or purchasing their apartments.
Residents have the freedom to come and go as they please.
Residents have the freedom to enjoy their own culture and sample others.
Residents have the opportunity to acquire skills in a diverse spectrum of dermatologic procedures.
Residents have the opportunity to attend regional and national professional meetings.
Residents have the opportunity to be primary care providers with support of full-time staff.
Residents have the opportunity to build their practices by adding patients to their census.
Residents have the opportunity to choose their supervisors.
Residents have the opportunity to complete an anonymous written evaluation of the program annually.
Residents have the opportunity to evaluate, anonymously, all services and faculty members.
Residents have the opportunity to explore the facility and grounds.
Residents have the opportunity to follow outpatients throughout their two years of training.
Residents have the opportunity to have their manuscripts published in peer review journals.
Residents have the opportunity to immerse themselves in a variety of specialty areas.
Residents have the opportunity to initiate topics and case conferences weekly.
Residents have the opportunity to learn to run a model practice.
Residents have the opportunity to live in single, double, triple, quad or quint rooms.
Residents have the opportunity to participate in any of the department's research efforts.
Residents have the opportunity to participate in various clinical trials and studies.
Residents have the opportunity to see and discuss a wide range of adult infectious disease problems.
Residents have the opportunity to take elective rotations in Jacksonville.
Residents have the option of choosing either a nineteen or a fourteen meal per week plan.
Residents have the option of having a commuter roommate a few nights per week.
Residents have the option of having one to three meals in our dining room.
Residents have the option of moving from one level to another as their needs and abilities change.
Residents have the option of obtaining private carrier service if they so desire.
Residents have the option of participating in a rotary wing aeromedical program.
Residents have the option of paying by the semester or an eight payment plan.
Residents have the option of selling some of the crop.
Residents have the option of staying with their current electricity and natural gas suppliers.
Residents have the option to choose from a panel of physicians.
Residents have the optionto compete for a third year of diagnostic pathology.
Residents have the responsibility to conduct themselves in a mature and responsible manner.
Residents have the right to appeal a transfer to another facility.
Residents have the right to appeal any discharge.
Residents have the right to equal care, treatment, and services without discrimination.
Residents have the right to immediate access by family and reasonable access to others.
Residents have the right to immediate access by family end reasonable access to others.
Residents have the right to live at the home unless they violate publicized regulations.
Residents have the right to obtain the citizenship of the State where they reside.
Residents have the right to possess and use personal property and to manage their financial affairs.
Residents have the right to private and unrestricted communication with their visitors.
Residents have the right to refuse to answer any, or all, of the census questions.
Residents have the right to refuse treatment and to refuse to participate in experimental research.
Residents have the right to view the direct seller's permit.
Residents have the same care givers on a daily basis.
Residents have the security of knowing that nursing care is nearby, if needed.
Residents have the support of family and friends in familiar surroundings'.
Residents have their choice of private or companion suites, all of which are fully furnished.
Residents have their clinic on the same half day each week throughout the year.
Residents have their opinions, however.
Residents have their own apartment with private bath.
Residents have their own continuity clinics throughout each year of training.
Residents have their own desk cubicle with storage.
Residents have their own individual office space.
Residents have their own rooms or their own little suites.
Residents have their own volunteer patrol, which helps keep the crime rate almost non-existent.
Residents have their patient panels at either see their own panel of patients.
Residents have three hours of individual supervision weekly.
Residents have ties to the community and one another that go back almost a century.
Residents have to be a little more careful about what is put in.
Residents have to be represented on the board.
Residents have to be somewhat confused about their future.
Residents have to buy and transport potable water.
Residents have to come get their trash receptacle.
Residents have to cross a highly dangerous road.
Residents have to dig their own latrines.
Residents have to elect better people, people that are going to show up.
Residents have to go to outlying areas for the basics.
Residents have to learn how to respond and protect their property.
Residents have to live with the results of government action or inaction.
Residents have to overlook the mountain of garbage looming large beyond their backyard fences.
Residents have to pass a checkpoint to reach their homes.
Residents have to provide their own kitchen utensils and crockery.
Residents have to queue up for hours to use the toilets.
Residents have to relocate within three years.
Residents have to remember the rules well to avoid waiting in vain.
Residents have to understand that our income stays constant unless an increase is voted in.
Residents have trout streams as well as areas to hunt or hike.
Residents have two elective months during their four-year residency.
Residents have two more opportunities to participate in the vision-setting sessions.
Residents have two psychotherapy supervisors to aid in developing psychotherapy competencies.
Residents have unlimited access to our department library, computer, scanning, and slide technology.
Residents have use of coin-operated washing and drying machines and ironing facilites.
Residents have use of outdoor tennis courts, playgrounds and a boat ramp.
Residents have very good supervision so there are some limitations as to hours.
Residents hear shooting every night.
Residents heat and cook primarily with coal oil.
Residents help achieve an agency 's goals.
Residents help and support one another as they strive to successfully complete degree programs.
Residents help keep up the grounds and commons areas.
Residents help to plan and implement activities which complement each of the areas of interest.
Residents help with household tasks.
Residents here are among the best cared for in the world.
Residents here are of diverse age groups and situations.
Residents here are very friendly and honest.
Residents here eat in, shop at and care about their community.
Residents here enjoy a relatively inexpensive, quiet lifestyle on the beach.
Residents here enjoy affordable monthly rents with no hidden costs or buy-in requirements.
Residents here enjoy low cost of living and low crime rates.
Residents here follow a slightly more formal schedule than elsewhere.
Residents here have a choice of old established neighborhoods and the most modern new communities.
Residents here have access to general education and recovery education.
Residents here have four-season tickets to some of nature's most spectacular shows.
Residents here lead a peaceful existence.
Residents here open their doors and stand in their doorways.
Residents here own one, two or even three boats.
Residents here range in age from young children to retirees.
Residents here survive where conditions most closely suit their abilities and vulnerabilities.
Residents here take full advantage of some of the best downhill skiing the county has to offer.
Residents here take pride in their paradise and are considerate and responsible.
Residents hold the participating sales at their homes and keep their proceeds.
Residents identify a community, make a community diagnosis, and develop an intervention.
Residents increasingly are concerned about the quality and adequacy of the water supply.
Residents insist their interest is no greater than that of anyone else.
Residents instead pay their local retail water agencies for water service and use.
Residents integrate into the Salina social community.
Residents interact regularly with attending physicians.
Residents interact successfully with house officers of both residencies on a continuing basis.
Residents interact with both.
Residents interface with certified nurse practitioners.
Residents invite a faculty member to discuss timely issues.
Residents join a team that includes an attending and a neurology resident.
Residents join forces to urge a quick fix.
Residents joke about it.
Residents joke that it is equally inaccessible by all modes of transportation.
Residents joke that the school owns half of the city's historical building.
Residents just know that they want it gone.
Residents keep a greenhouse and tend to enjoy vegetarian or vegan diets.
Residents keep a log of cases according to age, gender, diagnosis, treatment and disposition.
Residents keep abreast of current literature in a number of ways.
Residents keep their own hours, secure in the knowledge that assistance is available if needed.
Residents keep their snow chains handy.
Residents keep things clean once attention is drawn to the problem.
Residents keep watch and organize others to monitor the building's progress.
Residents keep watch over neighborhood parks and notify authorities of any suspicious activities.
Residents know it.
Residents know that hey can remain here for life if that is their desire.
Residents know the land is coveted.
Residents know the pain of war.
Residents know which houses qualify for buyouts, which for soundproofing, and so on.
Residents lack many things, including blankets.
Residents lament unjust ticketing and a dearth of spots.
Residents leaning out of a window to talk to friends passing by can also lead to serious injury.
Residents learn a multisystem approach to managing critically ill patients.
Residents learn a variety of concepts and skills useful for managing crises and avoiding mishaps.
Residents learn about administrative and clinical aspects of managing such a program.
Residents learn about both administrative and clinical aspects of managing such a program.
Residents learn about the latest advances in mobile intensive care and acute medical care.
Residents learn about their shared responsibility in financial and building management.
Residents learn basic investigative principles used in the behavioral sciences.
Residents learn first-hand the joys and pitfalls of research in our specialty.
Residents learn flexible proctosigmoidoscopy and become familiar with other endoscopic procedures.
Residents learn free hand and guided methodology for fine needle and core biopsy procedures.
Residents learn health care in one of the most diverse urban counties in the nation.
Residents learn how subspecialists follow children with chronic diseases.
Residents learn how to analyze data and interpret statistical analyses in psychiatric research.
Residents learn how to break the chains of submission and dominance.
Residents learn how to create relationships based on intimacy and freedom of choice.
Residents learn how to develop acceptable behaviors and improve their social skills.
Residents learn how to develop lifestyles that result in emotional, physical, and spiritual health.
Residents learn how to diagnose and care for patients, and they work to develop their people skills.
Residents learn how to read and critique current and classic medical and psychiatric literature.
Residents learn physical diagnosis techniques, as well as splinting and casting procedures.
Residents learn physiology and pharmacology specific to the neurosurgical patient population.
Residents learn self-sufficiency skills, primarily cooking, shopping and budgeting.
Residents learn that ownership entails responsibility.
Residents learn the conduct of normal prenatal care, normal labor and postpartum management.
Residents learn the full range of routine outpatient procedures under direct supervision.
Residents learn the principles of how to distinguish between accidental and non-accidental injuries.
Residents learn to critically assess the medical literature and to produce scholarly work.
Residents learn to make choices, to foster friendships, and to know themselves better.
Residents learn to manage a wide variety of urgent, emergent and toxicological problems.
Residents learn to revise their aberrant thinking patterns through an ongoing record of change.
Residents learn to use clinic protocols within the context of routine visits.
Residents learn to work with and supervise physician assistants and nurse practitioners.
Residents learn ultrasound by scanning their patients under the direct supervision of an attending.
Residents learn voicemail from their RAs.
Residents leave the neighborhood, and the rental property goes on a downhill spiral.
Residents leave their recyclable material on their curbs for pickup.
Residents like it right where they are Renovations are a common theme in Scenic Heights.
Residents like to boast that it has more trees per person than any other Central Asian country.
Residents like to tell visitors that no two houses in Smoke Rise are the same.
Residents link from the right-hand menu.
Residents live better lives when community improvements are accomplished.
Residents live communally and do their own housekeeping.
Residents live communally and share in housekeeping and cooking.
Residents live here for many different reasons.
Residents live in a variety of housing, from modest apartments to luxurious new subdivisions.
Residents live in apartments with their own kitchens.
Residents live in apartments, duplex, or house setting with other students.
Residents live in dormitories.
Residents live in dorms with one bathroom for men and another for women.
Residents live in fear, under siege and under fire.
Residents live in five, three bedroomed tenancies within walking distance of an office base.
Residents live in fully equipped private apartments.
Residents live in new developments and comfortable older neighborhoods.
Residents live in permanent neighborhoods which are currently in the process of choosing names.
Residents live in private apartments, surrounded with personal belongings.
Residents live in safe, well-maintained apartments and in a friendly environment.
Residents live in self-contained apartments.
Residents live in single-family houses, town homes, and apartments.
Residents live in six different types of neighborhoods.
Residents live in study bedrooms, either alone or sharing with another student.
Residents live in suites consisting of two rooms sharing a shower.
Residents live in their own apartments and receive assistance as needed with everyday tasks.
Residents live in their own fully furnished rooms, each cable and telephone ready.
Residents live in their own private apartments which frequently have a limited kitchen area.
Residents live in two wings, which are constructed around garden courtyards.
Residents live much as they did before - enjoying gardening, cooking, traveling and entertaining.
Residents live on a lush island with rain forests, mountain ranges, and broad white beaches.
Residents live on all four floors.
Residents live on campus in cottages with trained houseparents and attend public school.
Residents live on the first and second floors.
Residents live on the second, third and fourth floors.
Residents live side by side with wildlife, adapting to the deer devouring our precious plants.
Residents live with academic staff in a more relaxed atmosphere.
Residents live with dust kicked up by the dump trucks and heavy equipment.
Residents living in apartments or condominiums can receive a wheeled cart for mixed paper recycling.
Residents living in the following precincts can water on the day of the week listed below.
Residents living in the other seven halls have the option of purchasing a meal plan.
Residents living near garbage or industrial waste incinerators are at the highest risk.
Residents living near the landfill, however, say they still want independent air-quality tests done.
Residents living on campus are responsible for their long-distance telephone charges.
Residents look for improvements, but in incremental changes, explained the city administrator.
Residents look upon it with pride.
Residents lounge in wicker chairs in front of shopfronts.
Residents lounge with bar and antique furniture.
Residents lounge with colour television where smoking is permitted.
Residents lounge with colour TV and video.
Residents love old, western movies.
Residents love the howlers.
Residents love the many city parks.
Residents love to brag about what their fascinating neighbors are up to.
Residents maintain a close working relationship with all faculty members.
Residents maintain a continuity clinic composed of general neurology outpatients.
Residents maintain a higher level of independence in private living communities. .
Residents maintain a subsistence and commercial fishing lifestyle.
Residents maintain as much independence as possible.
Residents maintain complete independence.
Residents maintain control over their daily activities just as they always have.
Residents maintain that five or six people can turn a situation around.
Residents maintain their own lawns, and the city plows the roads and picks up trash.
Residents make a contribution to their upkeep as provided in the legislation.
Residents make daily choices including menu selections, meal times and activities .
Residents make daily inpatient rounds.
Residents make donations according to their ability.
Residents make house calls and nursing home visits with faculty supervision.
Residents make presentations at weekly conferences attended by both residents and students.
Residents make team rounds with interns, students and faculty daily.
Residents make the choice of service delivery based on individual waste generation habits.
Residents make their living from nearby sugar farms and other local agriculture.
Residents make their livings as business people, educators, farmers and loggers.
Residents make their own arrangements for the service.
Residents make their own arrangements with the telephone company to put in a phone.
Residents make their own entertainment with backyard barbecues and visits with friends.
Residents make their selection in programming in conjunction with their primary counselor.
Residents manage most of the pre and postoperative care in consultation with the faculty.
Residents manage patients on the labor ward while on-call one day in four.
Residents manage the community making decisions of common concern at community meetings.
Residents manage the community through a homeowner's association.
Residents manage the development and manage their community after completion.
Residents manage their own kitchen and either hire a house cook or prepare meals themselves.
Residents marry young and usually have large families.
Residents meet frequently with junior and senior staff members of the department.
Residents meet in groups at least four times per week.
Residents meet individually with their case managers to work on personal goals.
Residents meet individually with their primary therapist on at least a weekly basis.
Residents meet monthly with the residency director and coordinator to review progress.
Residents meet monthly with their assigned faculty advisor for a progress review.
Residents meet on a weekly basis with the preceptors.
Residents meet on walking paths laced through the park and neighborhoods.
Residents meet quarterly with their advisors to discuss their performance.
Residents meet six days a week to present interesting cases.
Residents meet their daily water needs with water obtained from wells.
Residents meet twice a month in a program-sponsored support group.
Residents meet weekly to plan their own menus with assistance from staff.
Residents meet with their supervisors on a weekly basis.
Residents mill about, take calls, work at computers, joke amongst themselves.
Residents mourn loss of friendly gator.
Residents move from one type of unit to another as their needs change.
Residents move in, and others move out.
Residents move out and international burger franchises move in.
Residents move out, lured in part by lower property taxes in the outer suburbs.
Residents moving to North Carolina from another state are subject to the tax.
Residents mow the lawns, apply the paint and generally do a good job of keeping up appearances.
Residents normally pay fees as California residents.
Residents normally prepare meals in their own apartments.
Residents normally work on the family practice inpatient service for two months of each year.
Residents notify the hauler directly for service.
Residents now appear to be most concerned about sewerage and houses.
Residents now are sicker and generally require more medications.
Residents now can call to get a free discount prescription drug card.
Residents now face a new challenge in joining the new city.
Residents now face the prospect of expensive hookups for district water.
Residents now feel it's safe to come out of their houses, and kids now play on the street.
Residents now have the ability to contact the office electronically to receive information.
Residents now have the ability to research local rules with the click of a button.
Residents now have the capacity to recycle products more effectively.
Residents now have the same version of the code as the village staff has on their computers.
Residents now maintain their friendships and discover new friends over a wide geographical area.
Residents now pay through taxes based on property values.
Residents now rank growth as the state's number one problem.
Residents now request trees on the streets in their own neighborhoods.
Residents now see the police as possibly lethal antagonists.
Residents now use individual garbage pits behind their homes.
Residents now use municipal water.
Residents object to the plan.
Residents object to wells being placed in densely platted subdivisions.
Residents obtain their drinking water primarily from private wells.
Residents obtain their water from private wells.
Residents obtain trauma and fracture training during each year of the residency.
Residents obtain trauma fracture training during each year of the residency.
Residents occasionally hear the unmistakable scream of the cougar.
Residents occupy a private bedroom and share their bath with one other student.
Residents occupy their own private apartment, furnished with their own belongings.
Residents occupy their own private apartment, furnished with their treasured belongings.
Residents offer reliable, valuable, inexpensive labor to help a hospital operate.
Residents offer several explanations for the craze.
Residents operate individual generators.
Residents order the bins directly by phone or mail.
Residents organise their own meals and are supplied with cooking utensils.
Residents organize and stand up to questionable practices of housing developers.
Residents organize the remaining conferences.
Residents organizing a block party receive the use of barricades at no cost.
Residents ought to have the final say.
Residents own ATVs, snowmachines and skiffs for fishing, hunting and recreation.
Residents own their own houses but have common indoor and outdoor space.
Residents participate actively in the decisions which are made about the residency program.
Residents participate actively in the training of medical students.
Residents participate because they want to, according to their time, ability and desire.
Residents participate daily in surgical clinics to enhance their learning opportunities.
Residents participate in a large variety of surgical cases.
Residents participate in a long-term disability plan and life insurance.
Residents participate in a month-long adolescent medicine rotation.
Residents participate in a monthly drilling course supervised by most of the faculty members.
Residents participate in a monthly journal club and related sports medicine conferences.
Residents participate in a three-year program, specializing in a particular clinical area.
Residents participate in activities at the child-care center, and children visit with residents.
Residents participate in all appropriate college seminars and continuing education programs.
Residents participate in all general surgical activities.
Residents participate in all radiologic examinations performed in the department.
Residents participate in all three types on a regular basis.
Residents participate in an extensive school and community consultation program.
Residents participate in an informal dinner research journal club meeting.
Residents participate in an integrated rotation.
Residents participate in and plan house management, daily chores, seminars and cultural activities.
Residents participate in and present at weekly conferences.
Residents participate in both the inpatient consultation services and the outpatient clinic.
Residents participate in challenging clinical projects coordinated by the attending faculty.
Residents participate in competitive sports on the basketball court, yard and nearby park.
Residents participate in cooperative activities on a voluntary basis.
Residents participate in counseling, educational programs and community work projects.
Residents participate in curriculum planning, program development and implementation.
Residents participate in daily morning report, neuroradiology rounds, attending rounds and lectures.
Residents participate in daily office hours with faculty and attend the weekly rheumatology clinic.
Residents participate in daily teaching rounds with full-time faculty.
Residents participate in department service documentation activities.
Residents participate in direct cardiology management.
Residents participate in discussion and literature review with faculty members.
Residents participate in discussions of management, follow-up and research protocols.
Residents participate in endocrine clinic and a monthly case-based endocrine conference.
Residents participate in evaluations, discussions and consultations with various disciplines.
Residents participate in faculty meetings and provide input in educational decisions.
Residents participate in food preparation according to their level of progress.
Residents participate in group activities, and are assisted in doing so when necessary.
Residents participate in hall governments and floor programs.
Residents participate in individual and group therapy.
Residents participate in interdisciplinary case conferences with patients and their families.
Residents participate in management with volunteer time.
Residents participate in many activities, and enjoy regularly scheduled programs and entertainment.
Residents participate in medical and administrative decisions.
Residents participate in medical student grading.
Residents participate in mock codes once a block.
Residents participate in multiple levels of care in rehabilitation.
Residents participate in one or more research projects throughout the two years of training.
Residents participate in ongoing projects or to strike out with their own project.
Residents participate in patient care with the faculty.
Residents participate in pediatric case conferences in presenting current cases.
Residents participate in preoperative evaluation as well as operative and postoperative care.
Residents participate in primarily outpatient programs.
Residents participate in problem solving with staff during regular office meetings.
Residents participate in rotations in general dentistry, oral surgery, anesthesia, and medicine.
Residents participate in rotations outside the clinic approximately two months per year.
Residents participate in surgical evaluations while learning the basics of intraocular surgery.
Residents participate in the anesthetic challenges inherent to such patients.
Residents participate in the annual evaluation and revision of our didactic curriculum and teachers.
Residents participate in the cooperative dining program.
Residents participate in the design and on-going management.
Residents participate in the evaluation, diagnosis and management of difficult back pain problems.
Residents participate in the operating room beginning in their internship year.
Residents participate in the recruitment efforts of the department.
Residents participate in the Resident Discussion Series.
Residents participate in their care.
Residents participate meaningfully on all department committees.
Residents participate with faculty in a variety of research projects.
Residents participate with the staff physician in providing treatment.
Residents participate yearly in a one-month didactic block devoted to ambulatory care topics.
Residents participating in either work option receive compensation for work performed.
Residents participating in the two-year program take courses in biostatistics and epidemiology.
Residents pass out the names and phone numbers of the teens to other interested residents.
Residents patrol the housing development and elect block captains.
Residents pay a bribe to get a phone or to have electricity restored after a long power failure.
Residents pay a daily rate based on the rate charged in long-term care facilities.
Residents pay a maintenance fee based on a percentage of their income.
Residents pay a monthly fee to cover the costs of food and other household items.
Residents pay a monthly rate, due the first day of each month.
Residents pay a much greater share of their income to government than other people in the state.
Residents pay a nominal annual association fee.
Residents pay a one-time entrance fee and an ongoing monthly service fee.
Residents pay a one-time occupancy rights fee and ongoing monthly fees.
Residents pay a portion of their income to the housing authority for rent and utilities.
Residents pay a third of their monthly income for rent.
Residents pay about a third of the cost for the treatment.
Residents pay about half the cost of the residential program.
Residents pay all utilities.
Residents pay an affordable one-time entrance fee.
Residents pay an entrance fee and a monthly rental fee which includes maintenance services.
Residents pay city taxes and are provided with city services.
Residents pay directly based on the amount of garbage they actually generate.
Residents pay electric, sewer and water.
Residents pay electricity for their unit only.
Residents pay for all telephone charges and any premium cable television services.
Residents pay for circulation of air for both heat and air conditioning on their electric bill.
Residents pay for electricity in all units.
Residents pay for gas, electricity, telephone, and renter's insurance.
Residents pay for telephone.
Residents pay for their own gas, electricity and telephone.
Residents pay for their own Internet traffic and telephone calls.
Residents pay for their own utilities.
Residents pay for their stay, but no one is turned away, so fundraising is a constant challenge.
Residents pay for utilities.
Residents pay local millage based on assessed value of the home.
Residents pay no personal income tax.
Residents pay no property or school taxes.
Residents pay no property taxes or property insurance.
Residents pay on a monthly basis.
Residents pay one of third of their income for housing.
Residents pay one-third of their incomes for rent and utilities.
Residents pay only a monthly rental that includes some meals.
Residents pay only for minimal electricity to run their fan, lights, etc.
Residents pay only for the amount of garbage they produce.
Residents pay only for the services needed.
Residents pay only what they can afford.
Residents pay property taxes based on the assessed valuation of their homes and businesses.
Residents pay regular room and board fees.
Residents pay rent according to their income.
Residents pay rent or work for their room, meals and practice.
Residents pay separately for electrical, telephone, and optional cable television services.
Residents pay small housing fees from their public assistance checks during their one-year stay.
Residents pay small monthly fees to use the facilities.
Residents pay the collectors on an individual basis.
Residents pay their own electric.
Residents pay their own monthly phone bill and electric charges.
Residents pay their own utilities.
Residents pay thirty per cent of their monthly adjusted income towards the cost of the rent.
Residents pay variable fees for incremental service levels above the base level.
Residents paying only lot rent usually fall under much weaker legislation.
Residents perform all the parts.
Residents perform minimal household duties to hold costs down.
Residents perform procedures under the supervision of a faculty member.
Residents perform refractions at the time of most patient visits.
Residents perform surgery each year of their training with a steady increase each year.
Residents perform surgery in the faculty practice commensurate with their skill and interest.
Residents periodically receive information on newer therapies such as glucosamine and chondroitin.
Residents pick up finished compost and wood chips.
Residents pick up refugees to take home.
Residents picnic in a grassy park while an orchestra plays in the amphitheater in the background.
Residents pitch in to keep the program running and each contributes to the support of the facility.
Residents place grass clippings, leaves, garden cuttings, etc.
Residents plan a renovation of the historic downtown.
Residents plan programs to promote diversity on the campus.
Residents plan social and service activities.
Residents plan to add public art to the greenway as their next project.
Residents plan to meet with developers again in two to four weeks.
Residents plan to tear down the building.
Residents plant the rest around their homes.
Residents play an active role in the development of the educational program.
Residents play an active role on both services.
Residents play an important role in the education of the medical students.
Residents point out that regional differences in pay can be exacerbated by local living costs.
Residents pool their resources to support their shared housing situation.
Residents possess strong family ties which emanates throughout the community.
Residents possess strong work ethics and work diligently to produce top quality.
Residents post group choices.
Residents practice a subsistence lifestyle.
Residents practice radio monitoring and communications.
Residents pray for no emergencies.
Residents prefer either the name of a specific city, town or county or Triangle Region.
Residents prefer fresh ice and water every few hours.
Residents prefer when staff wears nametags to identify whom they are.
Residents prepare a manuscript for publication.
Residents prepare seminars and lectures on clinical subjects.
Residents prepare their own meals and come and go as they wish.
Residents prepare their own weekend meals.
Residents present a formal seminar.
Residents present a teaching point from a case that they have seen.
Residents present all cases at case conferences in obstetrics and gynecology.
Residents present analyses of recently published articles.
Residents present interesting cases or procedures encountered.
Residents present interesting cases to the conference leader or an invited subspecialist.
Residents present lectures and seminars and assist in teaching within the laboratory.
Residents present new patients to the faculty and residents for supervision and clinical discussion.
Residents present recent and key articles.
Residents present regularly at a weekly microbiology conference on topics of special interest.
Residents present the patients and a short review of the particular clinical focus.
Residents present their best case of the month.
Residents present their research at regional and national meetings.
Residents present their work in one of the following events.
Residents proceed through an experience of graded responsibility.
Residents progressively add more clinic days as they gain more experience.
Residents progressively assume more clinical and educational responsibilities.
Residents progressively gain experience, responsibility, and confidence.
Residents protest about two local injustices - please read the details.
Residents protest against street prostitution.
Residents provide and are responsible for their own telephone sets.
Residents provide assessment, crisis intervention and ongoing treatment for adolescents and adults.
Residents provide care to their own panel of patients for the three years of the residency program.
Residents provide comprehensive care to all assigned patients.
Residents provide emergency care to small animals during non-business hours on a rotational basis.
Residents provide individual and couples treatment delivered using short-term psychotherapy models.
Residents provide longitudinal care throughout the four years.
Residents provide own breakfast and lunch.
Residents provide pharmacotherapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, and long-term psychotherapy.
Residents provide the oral and written case presentations in biweekly didactic sessions.
Residents provide their own bedding, towels and personal items.
Residents provide their own computers with ethernet cards, cables, and software.
Residents provide their own cook ware, dishes, and supplies.
Residents provide their own cooking and eating utensils.
Residents provide their own cookware, dishes, and supplies.
Residents provide their own dishware and cookware.
Residents provide their own iron and ironing boards.
Residents provide their own linen, blankets and bedspread for a twin size bed.
Residents provide their own linens.
Residents provide their own personal sundries.
Residents provide their own pillows, linens, blankets, and other personal furnishings.
Residents provide their own telephone.
Residents provide their own televisions and connecting cables.
Residents provide their own TV cable service.
Residents pull their cars directly up to containers and unload easily and quickly.
Residents purchase a year long membership and receive a key.
Residents purchase and prepare own food at other times.
Residents purchase groceries at the supermarket and cook and clean for themselves.
Residents purchase stickers to place on trash bags.
Residents purchase the house and lease the land.
Residents pursue a three-year training program that leads to the practice of clinical ophthalmology.
Residents pursue careers in academic medicine as well as private practice.
Residents qualify for in-state tuition.
Residents raise bananas, citrus fruits, coconuts, pumpkins, taro, watermelons and yams.
Residents raise cattle, sheep, and hay.
Residents rake leaves to the road edge where they are vacuumed and applied to farmer's fields.
Residents range from children to adults aged over forty years.
Residents range from young families to retired people.
Residents range from young families to senior citizens.
Residents range in age from young adult to elderly.
Residents rave about the quality of the meals and the variety of choices.
Residents rave sub zero weather to cheer their favorites.
Residents rebuilt again and again, determined to claim their rights to a place they've always known.
Residents recall that the notion of good manners reappeared.
Residents receive a book allowance, the amount dependent on year of program.
Residents receive a copy with their monthly rent statements.
Residents receive a firm grounding in neurobiologic, psychodynamic, and sociocultural principles.
Residents receive a stipend.
Residents receive a supervised, protected environment.
Residents receive a travel stipend to attend an educational meeting of their choice.
Residents receive a yearly stipend plus appropriate fringe benefits.
Residents receive all meals.
Residents receive an account with free and unlimited e-mail and Internet accesses.
Residents receive an annual salary that is competitive with area hospitals.
Residents receive an annual stipend for the purchase of books and educational travel.
Residents receive an assessment upon admission, a plan of care, and an individualized service plan.
Residents receive an average of one day off per week during all rotations.
Residents receive annual book allowances.
Residents receive assistance in locating suitable permanent housing in the community.
Residents receive business cards to distribute to patients.
Residents receive case management, medication monitoring, counseling, and support group counseling.
Residents receive close supervision from faculty while in the department.
Residents receive constructive faculty feedback at the end of each rotation.
Residents receive didactic and clinical training in all areas of dentistry.
Residents receive dignified care from a professional staff trained to understand individual needs.
Residents receive education, group and individual therapy and have family therapy as an option.
Residents receive emergency room training here during their first and third years.
Residents receive experience in maternal-fetal evaluation through advanced monitoring techniques.
Residents receive extensive clinical training through our hospital-based podiatry practice.
Residents receive extensive exposure to phone triage with a general pediatrician as a mentor.
Residents receive extensive training from conferences, rounds and journal reviews.
Residents receive extensive training in ultrasound and doppler technology.
Residents receive formal lectures from the neuroradiology division.
Residents receive four weeks of vacation year.
Residents receive four weeks vacation leave per annum.
Residents receive full service including meals, personal care, and activities.
Residents receive garbage collection service twice per week.
Residents receive health and mental health and dental evaluations.
Residents receive information and referrals for a variety of life skills.
Residents receive instruction in contact lens fitting throughout the three years.
Residents receive instruction in the proper gross examination of specimens and tissue sampling.
Residents receive instruction in treatment planning and the effective delivery of dental care.
Residents receive lab coats embroidered with their names, and personalized business cards.
Residents receive malpractice protection from the State of New York.
Residents receive marriage licenses here.
Residents receive Milwaukee daily newspapers and several area weeklies.
Residents receive on average five hours of individual supervision each week.
Residents receive one hour of individual supervision per week during their psychiatry rotations.
Residents receive personal attention and enjoy engaging activities seven days a week.
Residents receive personal attention, knowledge, and hope.
Residents receive quality care and acuity level of the residents are established.
Residents receive radio and television broadcasts from neighboring countries.
Residents receive reduced membership fees and preferred tee times.
Residents receive reduced rates and priority placement in recreational programs.
Residents receive regular evaluations of their performance at six-month intervals.
Residents receive research progress reports and more elk-seeking tourists visit the area.
Residents receive the permits after meeting requirements such as taking firearms-safety courses.
Residents receive their bin at civic events or after a series of composting classes.
Residents receive their training at one site and under one faculty for an integrated curriculum.
Residents receive therapeutic support from psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers, and rabbis.
Residents receive three weeks of vacation time each year.
Residents receive training across all domains.
Residents receive training in both civil and criminal aspects of psychiatry.
Residents receive training in each specialty in both inpatient and outpatient settings.
Residents receive training in nearly all aspects of surgical ophthalmology.
Residents receive training in the management of outpatient dental emergencies.
Residents receive training, support, and a special internet access rate.
Residents receive twenty-four hour assistance, support and supervision.
Residents receive two weeks of paid vacation and uninterrupted stipend during minor illness.
Residents receive yard waste pick-up service and maintenance of common areas.
Residents recognize one another and count friends and family among their neighbors.
Residents recognize that there is a problem and groups are willing to work with each other.
Residents refer to it when they forget someone's name.
Residents refuse temporary relocation.
Residents refuse to walk past the house, which looms behind overgrown trees.
Residents regard teaching as department's strength, with diverse faculty training adding variety.
Residents register few complaints about the system at the current time.
Residents regularly participate in evaluating and treating patients with gynecologic cancer.
Residents regularly use the streets or hiking trails.
Residents regularly visit families on both sides.
Residents relax in their own lounge.
Residents rely on commercial fishing, fish processing and subsistence activities.
Residents rely on rain catchment tanks or costly water hauling for their household needs.
Residents rely on salmon, halibut, clams and waterfowl for food.
Residents rely on their automobiles to get around the area.
Residents remain afraid to walk the streets at night.
Residents remain concerned about containers and truck traffic.
Residents remain in a small home range, while transients roam over a large area.
Residents remain indoors, especially at night.
Residents remain under the care of their own physician.
Residents remark how the traffic has noticeably increased because of the small invasion of media.
Residents remember much better days.
Residents remember the storm surge.
Residents remember their loved ones in camouflage fatigues loading gear into military transports.
Residents removing their vehicles is critical to effective snow removal.
Residents render inhalation and regional anesthesia both under direct and limited supervision.
Residents rent private apartments, which they furnish and decorate as they desire.
Residents rent rooms upstairs.
Residents report feeling safer under the brighter lights.
Residents report hearing a large roar and then their homes began to shake.
Residents report respiratory problems from emissions from combustion.
Residents report seeing police everywhere-all day, all night.
Residents report strange creatures moving in the crater.
Residents report that some thinning out of the army presence in the peninsula has been noticeable.
Residents report that the Israeli military has deployed further armed forces in the area.
Residents report that they can now come and go freely from their homes.
Residents report to assigned apartment building.
Residents report unmarked helicopters, soldiers dropping from ropes.
Residents represent business, professions, the arts.
Residents represent different faculties of the university and come from a diverse range of cultures.
Residents require and receive assistance in managing their daily living activities.
Residents requiring on-going skilled nursing care can move to the nursing home component.
Residents reserve court time at the clubhouse.
Residents reside in attractively decorated private or semi-private rooms.
Residents reside in singles, five and ten person suites.
Residents respond to, and direct, all codes.
Residents retain the right to smoke outside the building.
Residents retain their assets and financial independence.
Residents return from outside rotations to their continuity clinics.
Residents return home on weekends and some school holidays.
Residents return to the continuity clinics in the third year.
Residents review all gross and microscopic material with a dedicated ophthalmic pathologist.
Residents review old examination questions under the guidance of a faculty member every other week.
Residents review patient charts and x-rays prior to the session.
Residents review patient findings with consultants.
Residents review teaching material and weekly pathology specimens with a staff neuropathologist.
Residents room with resident mother.
Residents rotate between departments every four months.
Residents rotate between departments on an every four month basis.
Residents rotate between medicine and pediatrics every three months.
Residents rotate every three months between the medicine and pediatrics services.
Residents rotate for a total of one year here as a junior resident and as a chief resident.
Residents rotate here for four months during their third and fifth years of training.
Residents rotate in both inpatient and outpatient obstetrics and gynecology.
Residents rotate in three-month blocks during the first and fourth years of training.
Residents rotate leadership as representatives to the weekly department staff meeting.
Residents rotate on a regular schedule through disease-oriented blocks.
Residents rotate on inpatient rehab and consult services.
Residents rotate only on the teaching services.
Residents rotate through a variety of clinical settings supervised by geriatricians.
Residents rotate through all four affiliated hospitals.
Residents rotate through all the key specialties.
Residents rotate through all three institutions.
Residents rotate through and gain experience in each of the hospitals.
Residents rotate through audiology, speech pathology, and the vestibular clinic.
Residents rotate through different services during each level of training.
Residents rotate through each laboratory.
Residents rotate through each unit and serve as laboratory physicians in all unit activities.
Residents rotate through five additional affiliated hospitals.
Residents rotate through general radiology and subspecialty areas.
Residents rotate through mentioned hospitals for surgery and rotations.
Residents rotate through neurology wards, consultation services, outpatient clinics, and electives.
Residents rotate through school health clinics and other community settings.
Residents rotate through the clinic in pediatrics, family practice and medicine.
Residents rotate through the five hospitals during a five year ophthalmology program.
Residents rotate through the sponsoring institutions.
Residents rotate through the virology laboratory for one month.
Residents rotate through various sites, both at the academic medical center and in the community.
Residents rotate through various subspecialties from the very beginning of their training.
Residents rotate to clinical services at five hospitals.
Residents rotate to each hospital in the course of their training.
Residents rotate with private attending surgeons in both general and vascular surgery.
Residents rotating on the family practice inpatient rotation are responsible for billing services.
Residents round with four attending psychiatrists assigned to the consult service.
Residents round with the attending on all patients.
Residents routinely participate in all donor operations.
Residents routinely participate in the transport of critically ill children from outlying hospitals.
Residents run out to give a steamboat wave or ring the bell, or honk their horns.
Residents run the house, do chores, cook, and shop for food.
Residents savor flexible-nutritious meals and clean, mountain air from the front porch.
Residents say accidents regularly happen at the intersection.
Residents say and feel that it is safe.
Residents say both whites and middle-class blacks have left the public schools.
Residents say contractors charge more because of the address.
Residents say crime is minimal.
Residents say current trash pick-up is inadequate for such a densely populated area.
Residents say it is hard to overstate just how flat the atolls are.
Residents say it sounded like a rifle had gone off when a tree snapped in a Houston front yard.
Residents say it's a safety hazard.
Residents say it's common to see horse riders navigating the streets, even in newer subdivisions.
Residents say it's nice to see cars out on the street again.
Residents say it's still worth a fight today.
Residents say it's time for a newer and bigger airport.
Residents say more cars are parked on their streets because each house contains several families.
Residents say more children attend private schools.
Residents say more police presence is exactly what their neighborhood needs.
Residents say problems are being solved, and life is improving.
Residents say rainwater from a subdivision sends gravel and sand from down a hill and onto the road.
Residents say several suspects have since gone into hiding elsewhere.
Residents say sludge fouled their wells but tests show no clear cause.
Residents say some of their favorite daytime activities include boat watching and having a picnic.
Residents say some pilots are deviating from the airport's flight pattern.
Residents say that a tornado ripped through the southeastern Minnesota town of Lewiston last night.
Residents say that exploding drums sounded like shotguns going off.
Residents say that soldiers from another unit later rolled the body into a drainage ditch.
Residents say that what once was a middle-class neighborhood quickly went downhill.
Residents say that's real good news.
Residents say the adverse impacts outweigh the benefits.
Residents say the building is now condemned.
Residents say the buses carrying women turned west, in the direction of Muslim territory.
Residents say the city still smells like bleach five months after the flood.
Residents say the district deserves support.
Residents say the exterior displays are eyesores.
Residents say the fire started on the front porch.
Residents say the flooding ranks among the worst they've witnessed.
Residents say the groundhogs are attacking their cars at night.
Residents say the money is available, given enough time.
Residents say the neighborhood is already reasonably safe.
Residents say the past few days have been the worst yet.
Residents say the smell is milder since their outcry reached lawmakers in Baton Rouge.
Residents say the southwest Denver neighborhood is a pretty nice place to live.
Residents say the taint is unfair.
Residents say the tenants also reflect the changing immigration of the surrounding area.
Residents say the water looks and tastes considerably better.
Residents say the women spoke no English and kept to themselves.
Residents say their catches are gradually increasing.
Residents say their communities are safer than ones nearby with no Watch.
Residents say their sense of community is a greater prize than any baseball trophy.
Residents say there are more children in the area than in the past.
Residents say there is still room for improvement.
Residents say there's always some excuse.
Residents say there's little formality and that fences between neighbors are few.
Residents say they appreciate having parks, restaurants, a library and schools close at hand.
Residents say they are accustomed to a daily reality of spy vs. spy.
Residents say they are basing their assessments on eyewitness reports.
Residents say they are drawn to the area's beauty.
Residents say they are finding that there is a niche for everyone.
Residents say they are unwilling to end demonstrations until more is done to increase parking.
Residents say they are willing to work with the transportation department to make the area safe.
Residents say they believe the water is safe to drink.
Residents say they build the homes because officials never grant the necessary permits.
Residents say they can be identified because they are asking the way to certain areas of the city.
Residents say they can hear the sound of mortar fire and shells fired by the rebels.
Residents say they celebrate their diversity.
Residents say they fear heath hazards if the fish in the water start to die.
Residents say they feel secure.
Residents say they feel vulnerable now that their main line of communication has been severed.
Residents say they had no warning of a tornado.
Residents say they have had to erect their own shades to prevent themselves from the heat.
Residents say they have received only the money.
Residents say they have tried to work with the county but are running out of patience.
Residents say they heard a loud boom and then saw smoke.
Residents say they often feel they are walking a gantlet.
Residents say they owe much of the credit for the success on their beat to their beat officers.
Residents say they realize the importance of programs that help the socially disadvantaged.
Residents say they received no consideration.
Residents say they suspect some people have been hunting the pigs for pork.
Residents say they'd like to see that happen while they plan a recall.
Residents say they'll be watching.
Residents say they'll do what they can to improve the area.
Residents say they're glad their neighbors love one another, but take it indoors.
Residents say they're happy with the new growth downtown.
Residents say they've been told to call corporate attorneys about work orders.
Residents say they've seen several potbellied pigs roaming the streets in the past few months.
Residents say when the railroad left town, the jobs went with it.
Residents see a great sense of community.
Residents see a wide range of patients both diagnostically and in terms of socioeconomic status.
Residents see new patients for consultation or continuing care.
Residents see Northampton as both traditional and innovative.
Residents see patients in two outpatient facilities, with great patient diversity.
Residents see patients, children and adults, individually or in group therapy.
Residents see the downtown area as more dangerous after dark than their own neighborhoods.
Residents see the highway as the natural solution to their troubles.
Residents see the poor upkeep as resulting from cutbacks to staff.
Residents see their own patients in fully staffed centers that offer modern medical equipment.
Residents see their own patients two half-days per week in the outpatient family practice clinic.
Residents seem to agree that one of their dorm's strengths is athletics.
Residents seem to agree.
Residents seem to ALL think that it is the best place to live in the world.
Residents seem to be split over the matter.
Residents seem to enjoy the smell of fresh baked breads.
Residents seem to have no jobs or means of supporting their lifestyle.
Residents seem to love debating and discussing their concerns.
Residents seem to respect their environment more.
Residents seem to vanish without a trace.
Residents select articles with approval by the staff coordinator.
Residents select at least one faculty mentor to supervise and direct their training as educators.
Residents select new members.
Residents select various specialties and subspecialties in which additional training is desired.
Residents separate recyclables for weekly curbside pickup.
Residents serve as the primary surgeon or the primary assistant surgeon on all gynecological cases.
Residents serve as tutors during the student rotations.
Residents settle down.
Residents share a common house used for communal cooking and laundry facilities.
Residents share a common interest in Asian and Asian-American culture.
Residents share a common lounge and two traditional private bathrooms.
Residents share a common single-sex bathroom facility located on the floor.
Residents share a community bathroom kitchenette, and lounge.
Residents share a glorious heritage and cultural advantages.
Residents share a large recreation room with a fire place and a small computer lab.
Residents share a living room and a kitchen with other roommates.
Residents share a real sense of community spirit.
Residents share a room with one other roommate.
Residents share a very large kitchen and three full bathrooms.
Residents share an active lifestyle within a warm circle of friends.
Residents share an interest in current events, public policy issues, and community involvement.
Residents share both a large recreation room and a small computing lab.
Residents share chores in the cottages and are responsible for their own rooms.
Residents share close knit ties with neighboring communities.
Residents share common area baths, lounges, and kitchen facilities.
Residents share common areas, such as the living room, a kitchen and laundry.
Residents share common bathroom space.
Residents share common or semi- private baths, lounges, and kitchen facilities.
Residents share common or suite baths, lounges, laundry, and kitchen facilities on each floor.
Residents share communal bathrooms and common rooms with televisions and tea and coffee facilities.
Residents share community bathroom and lounge facilities.
Residents share community bathrooms on each floor, but each room also has a sink.
Residents share cooking and household responsibilities.
Residents share cooking, cleaning, and gardening on a rotating basis.
Residents share cooperatively in much of the work.
Residents share double rooms and community bath facilities.
Residents share duties such as kitchen clean-up and meal preparation.
Residents share experiences in a safe and stable environment planned to meet their special needs.
Residents share family-style meals in a friendly, communal setting.
Residents share in the cleaning of the public areas in the residence halls.
Residents share in the operation to reduce expenses.
Residents share in-house call duties with their surgical colleagues and other anesthesia residents.
Residents share kitchen and bathroom facilities.
Residents share kitchen and living areas in their apartments.
Residents share outings from sailing to trips to the stock market in two vans donated by the state.
Residents share rent, utilities and food costs, with support from donors.
Residents share responsibilities for dental emergencies and weekend coverage with staff members.
Residents share secured community bathrooms on each floor.
Residents share single-sex bath facilities which are located on each floor or section.
Residents share single-sex bathrooms.
Residents share study lounges, laundry rooms and TV areas.
Residents share suite baths.
Residents share the common areas of the house while living in a single, double or triple bedroom.
Residents share the common bond of a commitment to the house in addition to school.
Residents share the common housekeeping work as well as contribute time to The Clay Studio.
Residents share their little spaces with everything from flies to cockroaches to mice.
Residents share their telephones and washing machines with neighbors they know and trust.
Residents share two common kitchens, a living room and laundry room.
Residents share two traditional private bathrooms.
Residents sift through ruins, clean up, do repairs or just sit and wait for insurance agents.
Residents sign their own lease and are responsible for personal expenses.
Residents simply have to do without.
Residents sit as voting members on all governance committees.
Residents sit in the same office as the preceptor, exchanging cases and learning from observing.
Residents sleep ten to a room.
Residents smile and laugh.
Residents socialize in the residence hall's main lounge.
Residents speak A number of residents within the project area spoke to the council.
Residents speak French, discuss the atmospheres of francophone countries, and cook French meals.
Residents speak of horror stories about what goes on during curfew.
Residents speculate about who the shooters are' but no one really knows for sure.
Residents spend a lot of time together.
Residents spend a total of three months block time over thre years in community medicine.
Residents spend additional time in the clinic during months set aside for ambulatory rotations.
Residents spend four months on obstetrics and two months on gynecology.
Residents spend one month each in anesthesia and pediatrics.
Residents spend one month on a rural rotation at a selected rural community.
Residents spend one month with an orthopedic group at a nearby ambulatory care clinic.
Residents spend one month working for a community family physician.
Residents spend one month working with private ophthalmologists.
Residents spend six months on hospital rotations and six months in ambulatory care.
Residents spend the majority of their training at the main campus.
Residents spend their days similar to most people.
Residents spend their first year in Omaha.
Residents spend three months on the GU rotation during their first year.
Residents spend three to six months on the neurology service.
Residents spend time dog sledding, and viewing birds and polar bears.
Residents spend time in general clinic, glaucoma, neuro-ophthalmology, and oculoplastics.
Residents spend time in supervised detention rooms while they wait for their case to be called.
Residents spend time in the out-patient clinic, and serve as the baby doctor for cesarean sections.
Residents spend time throughout the course of the program providing comprehensive care.
Residents spend two half days per week in the ambulatory center.
Residents spend two weeks working with private ophthalmologists.
Residents spend up to eighteen months in clinical training in research or on advanced rotations.
Residents square off over proposed changes to fence rules.
Residents start call in the spring of their first year.
Residents start intravenous lines.
Residents stay a year or less in some, permanently at a few others.
Residents stay anywhere from three to nine months.
Residents stay at the clinic for six to eight weeks.
Residents stay for varying amounts of time, and some live there year-round.
Residents stay independent, while benefiting from the additional supportive services available.
Residents stay six months while they learn to reclaim their lives.
Residents stay up to four days and receive help with detoxification and attendant issues.
Residents still are primarily students.
Residents still benefit today from their efforts.
Residents still can join one of the task forces.
Residents still cook, serve meals and clean to keep expenses at the house down.
Residents still gather early in the morning and late in the afternoon to collect water from wells.
Residents still harvest the salt for sale.
Residents still have another chance to appeal their tax bills.
Residents still maintain there's nothing wrong with their water.
Residents still maintain they've suffered.
Residents still plough their fields by hand.
Residents still say important repairs go undone for months at a time.
Residents still tend vegetable gardens and livestock still grazes in pastures.
Residents still wonder about the identity of the rider, even after hundreds of years.
Residents stop traffic to assist a gopher tortoise in crossing the road unharmed.
Residents store items at their own risk.
Residents strive to maintain the small town atmosphere and the friendliness and trust of the Ozarks.
Residents strive to maintain the small-town atmosphere and the friendliness and trust of the Ozarks.
Residents stroll down to nearby ocean beaches for dining and nightlife.
Residents stroll through a park-like courtyard accented by large trees and beautiful landscaping.
Residents strongly support mostly English instruction.
Residents struggle with high unemployment, along with other problems.
Residents study and learn together, participate in the life of the campus, and relax.
Residents study at their own pace with an extensive teaching file.
Residents suffer from immune system disorders, respiratory diseases and skin rashes.
Residents suffer, expressings fears, Others grumble of aging years.
Residents suggest that extra-long twin sheets fit best.
Residents supplement their use of electricity with lower priced fossil fuels.
Residents supply and cook their own food.
Residents supply their own bed linen, blankets and towels.
Residents supply their own bedding, linen, pillows, and cooking utensils.
Residents supply their own beddings.
Residents supply their own linens, blankets, bedspreads, pillows, and throw rugs.
Residents supply their own linens.
Residents supply their own phones, but installation fees are included in the tuition package.
Residents supply their own phones.
Residents supply their own sheets, blankets, bedspreads, and pillows.
Residents support and work for a growing business economy.
Residents support each other's creative endeavors.
Residents support six churches and a synagogue, covering a gamut of religious denominations.
Residents support themselves, as they are able.
Residents suspect the snake is still there somewhere in hiding.
Residents swear by the friendliness of neighbors.
Residents switch on different dates and rotate in from other programs.
Residents switch rooms each quarter.
Residents take a course in optics during their first week.
Residents take a lazy stroll down a scenic lane.
Residents take a lively interest in their churches, civic clubs, and cultural organizations.
Residents take a special pride in living in the park.
Residents take advantage of the mill pond area for hiking and crosscountry skiing.
Residents take an active part in planning and designing our village.
Residents take an active role in the assessment, management and daily care of patients.
Residents take an active role in the clinic, performing initial and follow-up patient evaluations.
Residents take an in-depth look into their concept of self.
Residents take call according to the rotation.
Residents take call at home via a pager.
Residents take call every fourth night throughout most of the three-year program.
Residents take call every third night and have at least one weekend day off per week.
Residents take call for two years and nine months during residency.
Residents take call, work in outpatient and inpatient settings.
Residents take first call beginning approximately two months after entering the program.
Residents take four weeks of vacation each year.
Residents take great pains to keep it that way.
Residents take great pride in maintaining the city's charm and unique character.
Residents take great pride in the town's schools, openness and feeling of family.
Residents take great pride in their dedication to outdoor recreational activities.
Residents take great pride in their homes and the upkeep of their yards.
Residents take great pride in their town.
Residents take health center call.
Residents take intense pride in their involvement in local politics and civic organizations.
Residents take needling.
Residents take no call during their first month of training.
Residents take out very long-term leases.
Residents take pride and it shows.
Residents take pride in maintaining the beauty and quality of their neighborhood.
Residents take pride in making their village attractive.
Residents take pride in their communities, people are friendly and the economy is strong.
Residents take pride in their involvement in local politics and civic organizations.
Residents take pride in their recreational facilities.
Residents take pride in their state and in preserving their beautiful natural environment.
Residents take pride in their traditions and closeness.
Residents take primary responsibility for inpatients and outpatients within the team concept.
Residents take responsibility for all clinic patients.
Residents take responsibility for keeping the roller brush clean and the bags replaced.
Residents talk about the golf and tennis or the woodcarving or stained-glass making.
Residents talk of occasionally digging up rusted bits of barbed wire from their yards.
Residents talk, hold meetings, study options but find their efforts are futile.
Residents teach each other.
Residents teach medical students from various medical schools throughout the Midwest.
Residents teach other residents from the beginning.
Residents tell the story.
Residents tend to be middle class, environmentalists, and come from social-activist backgrounds.
Residents tend to be more recent, younger, and with growing families.
Residents tend to be socially conservative and fiscally moderate.
Residents tend to discount one false alarm per year.
Residents tend to do without medical care unless an emergency develops.
Residents tend to get fixated on problem buildings rather than serious business opportunities.
Residents tend to segment a patients problem into separate sub problems.
Residents tend to water their lawns, trees and shrubs less after a downpour.
Residents then call to make sure it still meets strict guidelines.
Residents then have the opportunity to comment, pro or con, on the proposed project.
Residents then purchase items like board games, diapers, fitted sheets or movies for the recipient.
Residents then take the patients into their practices.
Residents there blame their sicknesses on cancer-causing chemicals and radioactive pollutants.
Residents there boast about their schools, shopping and restaurants.
Residents there can then access the Internet with a local phone call.
Residents there demonstrate daily how to build strong, solid neighborhoods.
Residents there have yet to dry out.
Residents think it was a tornado.
Residents think that the city council ought to fill it in.
Residents think the city is a very safe place in which to live.
Residents think the subdivision and the golf course have a northern Michigan flavor.
Residents throw parties on a regular basis, but there are also hall-sponsored activities.
Residents thus become extremely familiar with each other.
Residents trace their hands on paper and fill in the hands with glass of their choice.
Residents traditionally expect their drinking water to be clean, affordable and limitless.
Residents train with both Emory faculty and private attending surgeons.
Residents train with three Emory faculty and one private attending surgeon.
Residents travel direct routes, moving generally from headland to headland along the coast.
Residents travel in large pods within predictable ranges and feed primarily on fish.
Residents travel on our ten-passenger van to participate in community events and field trips.
Residents travel significant distances to attend quality live performances.
Residents treasure living in what they consider a highly stable, well-kept community.
Residents treasure their small town lifestyle.
Residents treat individuals, groups, couples, families, and children.
Residents treat patients in a wound care clinic twice a week throughout their first year.
Residents treat patients, but only under the direct supervision of a faculty physician.
Residents try to live in peace and harmony while at the same time have fun and respect each other.
Residents turn on the Southern hospitality, big time.
Residents typically consume more food and fluids in a social setting.
Residents typically have a private or semi-private room with a bath.
Residents typically purchase bags directly from the municipality or local retail outlets.
Residents typically receive stipends from their residency organizations.
Residents typically stay from a week to a month, depending on the situation.
Residents typically vote against schools, sidewalks, sewers and taxes.
Residents urge visitors to look up when walking the streets, both uptown and downtown.
Residents use a card access security system to ensure safety.
Residents use a honeybucket system with disposal in sewage pits.
Residents use and enhance their drug information skills throughout the residency program.
Residents use ATVs, snowmobiles and dog sleds for recreation and subsistence activities.
Residents use books, weights, and other means to block rat holes.
Residents use chlorinators, carbon filters, water softeners and even a reverse osmosis system.
Residents use email much more than build personal home pages or read online newspapers.
Residents use fishing boats, skiffs, snow machines and ATVs for local transportation.
Residents use handrails frequently to get up and down hallways.
Residents use less electricity to heat their homes.
Residents use podium to voice concerns and present council with information and citizen input.
Residents use post office boxes to get their mail.
Residents use prepaid bags or tags for any additional garbage.
Residents use private wells for their domestic water supply.
Residents use skiffs to travel to Petersburg for goods and services.
Residents use snow machines for local travel during the winter.
Residents use the clay that is so readily available to make jars, coal pots and cooking pots.
Residents use the community garden for growing herbs and vegetables.
Residents use the gazebo for special events, such as birthdays, weddings, and anniversary parties.
Residents use the park for recreation and exercise.
Residents use the pool fro swimming.
Residents use the pressurized irrigation system on their lawns and gardens.
Residents use the program for e-mail, research and home schooling.
Residents use their imagination and the advice of experienced physicians.
Residents use their tithes and offerings to support mission projects beyond the campus.
Residents use wells, and there is no septic system.
Residents use wells, bottled gas, septic tanks and drain fields.
Residents use wells.
Residents using any of the recreational equipment are responsible for loss or damages.
Residents using the weight room work out at their own risk .
Residents using wells are responsible for taking samples of their own water supply.
Residents value the importance of history, but look to the future as well.
Residents View a list of resources for family practice residents.
Residents view it as a mixed blessing.
Residents visit one another by driving along quiet winding roads through the woods.
Residents vote for candidates in all seven seats.
Residents vote for fluoridation of the water supply.
Residents vote to graduate from the village designation to the status of city.
Residents vote to set rent as needed to cover costs.
Residents vote to switch from a council to a council-manager form of government.
Residents vote upon the amount to be raised for the taxation for current expense and capital outlay.
Residents wake up here each morning and drive to work in Newport, Providence or Connecticut.
Residents walk on the beach, go fishing or crabbing.
Residents walk, hike, or ride bicycles for both recreational purposes and as transportation.
Residents wanting curbside collection pay private companies extra for pick up.
Residents wanting to pave dirt roads typically use MSBUs to pay for the work.
Residents watch from lawn chairs.
Residents watch ongoing rescue operations at a toppled building near Taichung, Taiwan.
Residents wave as they make the familiar trip to take care of business.
Residents wear long white lab coats with a blue patch on the sleeve.
Residents wear the floods they've weathered like badges of honor.
Residents welcome seagoing visitors with government floats, three fully equipped private marinas.
Residents wishing to order drinks after the caf is closed can do so at reception.
Residents wishing to purchase additional bag tags can do so at the town office.
Residents witness street sales of methadone.
Residents work alongside full-time intensivists to care for patients who are critically ill.
Residents work and attend school.
Residents work as part of a team with the outpatient program, nursing, social work and child life.
Residents work as part of a team.
Residents work closely with fellows and attendings.
Residents work closely with obstetricians, perinatologists, and family physicians.
Residents work fewer hours and a shorter season.
Residents work hard but, in the process, they see a lot, do a lot, and develop self-confidence.
Residents work hard, but also have time for family and outside interests.
Residents work in interdisciplinary teams to facilitate groups on asthma and diabetes.
Residents work in pairs to present complementary articles.
Residents work in shifts throughout their block and take no call.
Residents work in tandem with faculty on every service.
Residents work in teams of two.
Residents work in ten-hour shifts.
Residents work in twelve hour shifts during the outpatient clinic rotation.
Residents work late post-call managing admissions.
Residents work on the first two chapters of the thesis during the summer.
Residents work one on one with attendings.
Residents work one on one with the same general pediatric attending for three years.
Residents work one on one with the same general pediatric attending physician for three years.
Residents work shifts which rotate depending upon service needs.
Residents work side by side with staff members during the entire three years of their residency.
Residents work to preserve the natural Ozarks' beauty while accommodating development.
Residents work together for the betterment of the community.
Residents work together to plan and prepare their own meals at the house.
Residents work together to plan the event.
Residents work together with staff to create a friendly, fun campus where everyone feels welcome.
Residents work under supervision whilst studying to obtain postgraduate qualifications.
Residents work under the supervision of attending physicians.
Residents work very closely with attendings , who are committed to education.
Residents work well together in church and community groups.
Residents work with a full time nurse practitioner.
Residents work with an attending physician to cover the consultation and inpatient dialysis service.
Residents work with division members both in the inpatient and the outpatient setting.
Residents work with faculty attendings and nurse practitioners to provide care.
Residents work with faculty on yearly evaluations of the training program.
Residents work with large inpatient and outpatient populations in a variety of settings.
Residents work with one of the teaching cardiologists.
Residents work with one or more faculty on a daily basis in the care of patients.
Residents work with specialists and generalists treating a variety of patients.
Residents work with the attending staff in outpatient clinics and the operating room.
Residents work with the physician in charge and with other medical specialists.
Residents work with the private faculty in treating selected inpatients.
Residents work, play and learn in a safe and clean environment.
Residents worry about the appearance and stability of the neighborhoods.
Residents worry about the loss of services, but many balk at the millage request.
Residents always are to be treated with respect.
Residents always have backup and support from on-call faculty.
Residents always have faculty backup when taking night or weekend call.
Residents frequently develop elective experiences according to their interests.
Residents frequently gather for study groups and community events.
Residents frequently have to park more than several streets away from their homes.
Residents frequently meet for a friendly game of billiards or cards.
Residents frequently present difficult management cases they have recently seen.
Residents frequently remain near the hospital where they received their residency training.
Residents frequently share housing.
Residents often ask about posting temporary signs, such as for garage sales.
Residents often avoid toll calls by combining a trip with their telephone activities.
Residents often describe it as a feeling of well being, contentment and deep satisfaction.
Residents often donate special or unneeded items for the common areas.
Residents often enjoy having a guest.
Residents often express concern about a project's impacts on their communities and the environment.
Residents often feel helpless and surrender their independence and critical judgment.
Residents often forget about the projects or having trouble keeping up with ongoing projects.
Residents often have information that can help police make arrests and identify problem areas.
Residents often have now choice but to drive everywhere they go.
Residents often have well-established partners who are ready to start a family.
Residents often leave the cardboard near the carts instead of placing it in the carts.
Residents often maintain pair bond throughout the year.
Residents often participate in individual volunteer projects.
Residents often praise it for helping to revitalize Georgia's oldest city.
Residents often reevaluate and change what they value.
Residents often return to serve as volunteers.
Residents often speak little or no English and can find work only at the lowest-wage jobs.
Residents often stop by the office to say hello and to volunteer to help.
Residents often suffer cold, flu-like symptoms ranging from a stuffy nose to the onset of asthma.
Residents often truncate that process because of time.
Residents often work out of town during business hours.
Residents sometimes forget.
Residents usually avoid all outdoor activities during midday hours in the summer.
Residents usually come to relax and play a tune.
Residents usually decide housing All-female suites are available in some dormitories.
Residents usually hold outside jobs.
Residents usually leave their cars parked, if they own one.
Residents usually live there a long time.
Residents usually open their windows to let the ocean breezes cool their homes.
Residents usually rotate to different services every four weeks, so they are an ever-changing group.
Residents usually share in cooking, cleaning and other activities as they are able.
All residents agree to a hands-off policy regarding violence while in the program.
All residents agree to observe courtesy, quiet, and special quiet hours.
All residents agree to support and assist one another as neighbors of a caring community.
All residents also benefit from daily seminars and computer classes.
All residents also have access to laundry facilities.
All residents also share a common kitchen, social lounge, a loft study area and laundry room.
All residents also take in-service written exams twice a year on selected topics.
All residents are at or below the federal poverty guidelines.
All residents are automatically members and are encouraged to participate in all activities.
All residents are better off with the tax.
All residents are both students and teachers.
All residents are eligible for a free library card.
All residents are eligible to join a tax-sheltered annuity.
All residents are eligible to participate in the school district's extra-curricular programs.
All residents are eligible, and there are no entrance or enrollment fees.
All residents are eligible.
All residents are from local families.
All residents are graduates from the following medical schools.
All residents are in counseling.
All residents are low income and supported by entitlement programs.
All residents are on call every third night.
All Residents are on call one holiday each year.
All residents are on the meal plan.
All residents are place here by court order.
All residents are responsible for all visitors to their townhouse.
All residents are responsible for having their job function covered in case of emergency or illness.
All residents are responsible for keeping their apartment areas free from fire and safety hazards.
All residents are responsible for knowing the rules contained in that booklet.
All residents are responsible for maintaining reasonable studying conditions.
All residents are responsible for maintenance of their own apartments and the building as a whole.
All residents are responsible for snow removal from the sidewalks in front of their residence.
All residents are responsible for studying the monthly list of articles.
All residents are responsible for the actions of their guests.
All residents are responsible for the cleanliness of their own room and bathroom.
All residents are responsible for the laundry rooms, lounges and other public areas.
All residents are responsible for the purchase of their own food and meal preparation.
All residents are sophomores, juniors and seniors.
All residents are to exit the building via the nearest exit and move away from the building.
All residents are to pursue an academic interest during their three years in the residency.
All residents are to sign in and out at the front desk.
All residents are under the care of their personal physician.
All residents are under the supervision of attending radiologists.
All residents are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All residents are welcome at the celebration.
All residents are welcome to attend and participate.
All residents are welcome to attend the meetings.
All residents are welcome to attend.
All residents are welcome to come and contribute at meetings.
All residents are welcome to join in the fun.
All residents are welcome to take an active role at the meeting.
All residents are welcome to use the landfill for their solid waste disposal needs.
All residents are welcome.
All residents are worse off with the tax.
All Residents attend a diversity of quality, live performances in their own community.
All residents attend a morning lecture given by faculty using a two-year curriculum.
All residents attend a weekly general medicine continuity clinic.
All residents attend a weekly infectious disease conference.
All residents attend jobs, classes or day senior programs.
All residents attend regularly scheduled academic sessions.
All residents attend regularly scheduled lecture courses in basic sciences and oral disease.
All residents attend three outside meetings per week.
All residents attend.
All residents become more efficient as they advance through training.
All residents become proficient in providing care for the routine parturient.
All residents belong to car share company.
All residents benefit from the Town's stormwater system.
All residents can assist in that definition.
All residents can come and go as they please.
All residents can get a free ticket to each of the events and a second at half price.
All residents can participate in any of the events.
All residents can pay bills, transfer service and disconnect city services online.
All residents carry several long-term psychotherapy cases.
All residents complete a research project in an area of clinical interest.
All residents contribute to decisions, reached by consensus, that impact their community.
All residents contribute to the upkeep of the house.
All residents depend on groundwater for their potable water supply.
All residents deserve a chance to lower the volume and avoid a fine.
All residents deserve the benefits that a surveillance crime watch unit provides.
All residents deserve to have the opportunity to obtain safe, sanitary and affordable housing.
All residents do at least one month of normal nursery during their residency.
All residents enjoy air conditioning, carpeting, and suite baths.
All residents enter by key.
All residents freely rotate between the two hospitals.
All residents gain experience in presenting lectures during the course of their training.
All residents get a name and individual attention.
All residents have a high awareness of energy efficiency.
All residents have a normal newborn rotation.
All residents have a role to play in establishing a positive community environment.
All residents have access to a common boat dock and launch.
All residents have access to computer services over existing phone lines.
All residents have access to convenient free laundry facilities.
All residents have access to email.
All residents have access to outdoor recreation in a secure courtyard.
All residents have access to personal computers for word processing and electronic mail.
All residents have access to safe water and sanitation systems.
All residents have ample opportunity to be both learners and teachers in a variety of team settings.
All residents have at least three hours of weekly supervision on their outpatient work.
All residents have equal rotation schedules over the four years.
All residents have faculty supervision.
All residents have four weeks of vacation annually.
All residents have one call free month.
All residents have single room accommodation.
All residents have suite baths.
All residents have the ability to leave a facility whenever they wish.
All residents have the opportunity of evaluating faculty members at six month intervals.
All residents have the opportunity to become active in the hall government.
All residents have the option of bringing their own furniture and other possessions.
All residents have the privilege of bringing guests.
All residents have the responsibility for attending the clinic at some point during their training.
All residents have the right to appeal.
All residents have their own bedroom with modern fitted furniture and ensuite shower rooms.
All residents have their own individual care plans designed to suit their needs.
All residents have their own medical and dental professionals in the community.
All residents have to do is trade in their old shower heads.
All residents hsould pitch in to make their yard and neighborhood clean.
All residents live by the creed 'consider others'.
All residents live independently.
All residents live on a flat, infinitely large plane.
All residents makes a living with their own job, their own form of enterprise.
All residents park off the street in parking under the buildings.
All residents partake in the hospital mangement of pregnancy termination complications.
All residents participate in a core curriculum with a two-year cycle.
All residents participate in a weekly half-day basic science program.
All residents participate in at least one research project during residency.
All residents participate in at least one scholarly project during residency.
All residents participate in on-call duty throughout the three year neurology program.
All residents pay child support, fines, restitution and taxes.
All residents pay maintenance dues, but social dues are optional.
All residents play a major role in teaching medical students during their ward clerkships.
All residents progress to levels of competence that assure excellent skills for clinical practice.
All residents qualify to run for council office.
All residents receive a basic experience in pediatric anatomical and clinical pathology.
All residents receive a list of their neighbors' names and phone numbers.
All residents receive a stipend and benefits which includes medical insurance.
All residents receive a yearly educational allowance.
All residents receive appointments to both hospitals and spend time at each institution.
All residents receive exceptional clinical experience.
All residents receive extensive training in a variety of outpatient sites.
All residents receive four weeks of vacation per year.
All residents receive four weeks of vacation yearly.
All residents receive instruction in laparoscopy in a laboratory and in the operating room.
All residents receive on-going training in daily living and social skills.
All residents receive three weeks of paid vacation per year.
All residents receive three weeks of vacation each year and a week during the winter holidays.
All residents receive three weeks paid vacation annually and twelve days of sick leave.
All residents receive three weeks vacation.
All residents receive weekly group and individual counseling.
All residents receive weekly individual and group therapy.
All residents rotate between the three hospital sites.
All residents rotate through each site for approximately the same period of time.
All residents rotate through the adolescent clinic.
All residents share a dining room and chapel with the retirement center.
All residents share an interest in and celebrate the variety of cultures represented in the house.
All residents share in the responsibility of keeping the house clean and are given job assignments.
All residents share on-call duty.
All residents share two hall bathrooms, each designated for a separate gender.
All residents sleep in tents.
All residents spend a minimum of four months on the anesthesia service .
All residents spend the last six months of the residency as assistant chief of service.
All residents suffer from a variety of mental and physical handicaps.
All residents suffer pain from losses.
All residents support the surrounding stores.
All residents take part in day programs and activities during the week, mostly full-time.
All residents take personal responsibility for building assets in children and adolescents.
All residents take the neonatal resuscitation course in the fall.
All residents ultimately share the responsibility for security of the community.
All residents using the kitchen are responsible for cleaning the stoves and ovens.
All residents welcome.
All residents work directly with faculty physicians while performing procedures.
All residents work in the outpatient clinics.
All residents work.
Any resident can apply to become an officer.
Any resident can be part of the committee.
Any resident can follow the progress of a request with one telephone call.
Any resident can join the committee.
Any resident can launch a canoe from the neighborhood's shores.
Any resident can read each newsgroup and submit items for publication to the regional moderator.
Any resident is encouraged and welcome to join the planning committee.
Any resident is welcome to walk and to dress any which way.
Any residents can join, whether they are homeowners or renters.
Every resident can contribute to Beaver County's bicentennial festivities.
Every resident can have a free e-mail account.
Every resident enjoys the following amenities.
Every resident gets a turn in the school year, or semester.
Every resident has a private room with private bath and call bells.
Every resident has a role to play in security.
Every resident has a roommate and bathrooms are located down the hall.
Every resident has a single room with wash hand basin.
Every resident has a stake in management of our generally high quality and abundant water.
Every resident has a vested interest in the next chief.
Every resident has access to the complete library and information resources of the community.
Every resident has an opportunity to meet students from different cultures.
Every resident has continuity clinics at each hospital once a month.
Every resident has the responsibility to participate with promptness in fire and disaster drills.
Every resident has the responsibility to smoke only in designated areas.
Every resident has the right to convene a common meeting of all residents to discuss a problem.
Every resident is a bald eagle protector.
Every resident is a member.
Every resident is assigned a faculty academic advisor.
Every resident is eligible to run for an office.
Every resident is encouraged to attend.
Every resident is encouraged to become involved in the exercise program.
Every resident is given a code to the copy machine.
Every resident is issued a mailbox key when moving into residence.
Every resident is overjoyed to live here.
Every resident is required to enroll in one of several residential college meal plans .
Every resident is required to have a meal plan.
Every resident is required to have and use a PalmOS-based handheld computer.
Every resident is responsible for keeping the kitchen clean.
Every resident is unique.
Every resident lives in a watershed.
Every resident participates in daily housekeeping.
Many residents agree saying it's a treat when the vendors come by.
Many residents already own softeners or reverse osmosis systems.
Many residents also attend prayer meetings and church services during the week.
Many residents also believe a lack of after-school activities contributed to the fights.
Many residents also commute into downtown Nashville daily.
Many residents also commute to Washington by train.
Many residents also continue to be at odds over the possibility of price caps.
Many residents also enjoy swimming at the dock at Horseshoe Lake.
Many residents also feel their town has been turned upside down in the past few years from tourists.
Many residents also have behavioral problems.
Many residents also have some degree of cognitive impairment.
Many residents also inquire why the county holds eight annual events.
Many residents also present their work at state and national meetings.
Many residents also trap fox, beaver, mink and otter.
Many residents also try to reduce telephone bills by using alternative toll carriers.
Many residents are able to leave a home for a meal, a day, a weekend, or a holiday.
Many residents are active in religious, community, or civic associations in town.
Many residents are active in town government.
Many residents are also owners of small hotels that make up much of the beachside downtown.
Many residents are also quite frail.
Many residents are among the poorest and least prepared for the new technological age.
Many residents are artists.
Many residents are attorneys, physicians and business owners.
Many residents are business people and former CEOs.
Many residents are commercial fishermen or sportfishing guides during the summer months.
Many residents are concerned about the delays that have affected past work at the site.
Many residents are concerned about the legality of the annexation.
Many residents are concerned about the quality of the cap.
Many residents are confused about when and why a building permit is necessary.
Many residents are eager to share their love and knowledge of the area.
Many residents are excited.
Many residents are former migrant workers who settled in the county or their descendants.
Many residents are illiterate in English and some are illiterate in Spanish.
Many residents are in favor of the vacation, which the city initiated.
Many residents are middle-aged professionals.
Many residents are only able to work steady in the summer.
Many residents are parents who have seen the excitement that's now connected with learning.
Many residents are professional rock climbers or in the sports industry.
Many residents are ranchers or ranch hands.
Many residents are recipients of public assistance.
Many residents are seniors and many, having lost their partners, live alone.
Many residents are skeptical of the proposals to build, renovate and tear down city buildings.
Many residents are so aware of the dangers that they call town officials any time they hear a siren.
Many residents are still without indoor plumbing and are utilizing outhouses.
Many residents are the original owners of the homes built there.
Many residents are the original owners of their homes.
Many residents are underemployed and work in the agriculture or tourism sectors.
Many residents are unhappy with the city's recent decision to hire an Illinois man as police chief.
Many residents are unhappy with the hiring of an Illinois man for the post.
Many residents are visibly in poor health.
Many residents are within walking distance of light rail station.
Many residents are young people leaving local authority care.
Many residents are, and memberships often include guest passes.
Many residents arrive by their own boat.
Many residents ask the group in for food and drink.
Many residents ask why fire engines follow ambulances on emergency calls.
Many residents await their semi-annual sales to purchase gifts for the year.
Many residents become ill with pneumonia-like symptoms.
Many residents believe the neighborhood, for the most part, is now free of large lizards.
Many residents believe the steep curves and narrow road are part of the blame.
Many residents belong to the parish and have attended school there.
Many residents blow snow into the streets when clearing out their driveways.
Many residents bring personal computers to campus.
Many residents build homes close to the marsh so they can dock their boats in the waterways.
Many residents buy their food at other markets nearby.
Many residents can move only with assistance and have complicated medical problems.
Many residents choose to do daily cooking or special entertaining in their own apartments.
Many residents choose to keep their bikes in their rooms.
Many residents choose to live in a suite to have more privacy.
Many residents choose to live on Manhattan's Upper West Side, which is an easy and short commute.
Many residents choose to participate and help maintain the entrance monuments and the neighborhoods.
Many residents claim that fluoridated water increases health risks.
Many residents commute to Boston to work.
Many residents commute to downtown Seattle and it is truly a unique commute.
Many residents commute to jobs in the county and beyond to the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex.
Many residents commute to jobs in the Portland metropolitan area.
Many residents commute to Louisville or Columbus, Indiana, for sources of employment.
Many residents commute to nearby Colorado Springs for employment.
Many residents commute to other towns for jobs at the local prison and various retail enterprises.
Many residents complain about problems associated with the businesses nearby.
Many residents complete multiple publications while in training.
Many residents consider it the area s best.
Many residents consider it to be an eyesore.
Many residents consider Newton the ideal place to raise a family.
Many residents continue to protest the plan.
Many residents depend on bush pilots for supplies and mail.
Many residents depend on government food and military protection from crime.
Many residents depend on the Bay for their livelihood and others enjoy the Bay for recreation.
Many residents depend on the ferries for transportation to school, work, and other needed services.
Many residents echo their sentiments.
Many residents elect to purchase very elaborate number plates for their homes.
Many residents elect to pursue subspecialty training.
Many residents engage in trapping or making handicrafts for sale.
Many residents enjoy an active lifestyle in our quality recreational facilities and scenic parks.
Many residents enjoy backyard campfires.
Many residents enjoy hiking, hunting, fishing, boating, camping, and other outdoor activities.
Many residents enjoy hockey, curling, baseball, and basketball.
Many residents enjoy living on the lake and commuting to larger metropolitan areas.
Many residents enjoy our expressive art sessions and reminiscence groups.
Many residents enjoy the company of grandchildren visiting, as well.
Many residents expect crime levels to rise, particularly if the economy worsens.
Many residents fear crime, criminals, and governmental authority.
Many residents fear that the hotel construction boom threatens Honolulu's scenic beauty.
Many residents feel that their neighborhood has been severely disrupted.
Many residents feel they are effectively stateless and belong to neither country.
Many residents find added enjoyment in working the gardens and are welcome to do so.
Many residents find buying a used car, and selling it at the end of the year, is more economical.
Many residents find it helpful to practice on a volunteer.
Many residents find street noises objectionable.
Many residents fish in the lake.
Many residents flee during the three-week festival, escaping the traffic and congestion.
Many residents get pretty creative with how they arrange their rooms.
Many residents give little weight to the findings.
Many residents go to the plant and pick up the tanks themselves.
Many residents go to town infrequently.
Many residents have a landscape maintenance service or a gardener to help manage their property.
Many residents have a proud parent syndrome about their community.
Many Residents have a room to themselves.
Many residents have allergies that are bothered by grass and other vegetation pollen.
Many residents have basketball hoops on the curbs facing out.
Many residents have difficulty paying for or getting to health services.
Many residents have fond memories of that time and a sentimental attachment to the building.
Many residents have individual wells.
Many residents have little money of their own.
Many residents have nowhere else to go.
Many residents have other needs.
Many residents have pets, and a cage with a resident bird sits in a lobby area.
Many residents have revolvers.
Many residents have serious or at least substantial mobility problems.
Many residents have their houses for sales and quite a few have vacated.
Many residents have their own ways of dealing with solicitors.
Many residents have their taxes escrowed with lending institutions.
Many residents have three generations of family living in the complex.
Many residents have to leave their homes to search for employment in nearby towns.
Many residents have to make the decision between medicine and feeding the family.
Many residents have vivid memories of past severe floods.
Many residents here commute to work in Boston.
Many residents here work in Chicago.
Many residents hold moderate views on gun control and abortion.
Many residents hold two or even three jobs to support themselves.
Many residents hold two or three jobs in the dominant tourism industry or in the state government.
Many residents know that the college exists but have no idea what is being offered here.
Many residents live full active lives, whether in retirement or employment.
Many residents live in homes on larger lots.
Many residents live in the community only seasonally.
Many residents live quietly off the land.
Many residents live without telephone or electricity at higher elevations off the main highway.
Many residents make a living out of renting their properties to tourists.
Many residents make their living as scavengers.
Many residents naturally associate haze and a lack of visibility with air pollution.
Many residents never get visits from family or friends.
Many residents nod and speak to visitors as if they're long-lost friends.
Many residents offer services in home operated businesses.
Many residents oppose the mailboxes because they say the structures are inconvenient and ugly.
Many residents own horses and many of the homes are built on large lots.
Many residents own horses.
Many residents own skiffs and snowmachines for hunting, fishing and hauling wood.
Many residents own, operate, or are employed by businesses in our community.
Many residents park their vehicles on the terraces.
Many residents participate in a variety of projects.
Many residents participate in nearby recreational and subsistence activities.
Many residents participate in one or more of the borough's recreational and cultural activities.
Many residents participate in several studies during the course of their residency.
Many residents play sports, and most hunt or fish for pleasure as well as for food.
Many residents prefer speaking Spanish.
Many residents purchase single game or season tickets to sporting events.
Many residents pursue research project opportunities during their clinical rotations.
Many residents question whether the extra expense is worth the education they receive.
Many residents read neither.
Many residents recieve advanced training in vocational skills in place of formal higher education.
Many residents rely on golf carts as their primary means of transport.
Many residents rely on subsistence hunting.
Many residents remain defensive of the city s reputation.
Many residents remain defensive of the city's reputation from that era.
Many residents remain defensive of the city's reputation.
Many residents remain skeptical.
Many residents remember camping and fishing there in their youth.
Many residents report positive results from their individual garage sales.
Many residents return for an elective rotation in their final year to update their skills.
Many residents return regularly to relax and 'unwind'.
Many residents return year after year . .
Many residents revel in the splendour of the area and have no intention of leaving.
Many residents say it's the latter.
Many residents say that's the wrong use of the money.
Many residents say the area's heavy industry and toxic waste is to blame.
Many residents say the new communities are wreaking havoc on their tires.
Many residents say the same.
Many residents say they accept the existence of the landfill, but bemoan the vista lost behind it.
Many residents say they feel insulated from layoffs and from downturns in the stock market.
Many residents say they're taking care of themselves and so lessen the public burden.
Many residents seek higher education in college or trade schools after completing the program.
Many residents seem unaware that parking in the sidewalk area of driveways blocks pedestrian access.
Many residents shoot first and ask questions later.
Many residents smoke several hundred salmon for the winter.
Many residents speak English as a second language.
Many residents speak with pride of a spirit of sharing in response to the disaster.
Many residents still burn wood to heat their homes, and the weather can change rapidly.
Many residents still come to fill their containers and drink the water for medicinal qualities.
Many residents still feel a tremor of fear when they pass by.
Many residents still have mailboxes on posts near their homes.
Many residents still have no or very limited access to their dwellings and businesses.
Many residents still have strong ties to the river.
Many residents still leave their vehicles and homes unlocked.
Many residents still recall the swimming pool and public showers of their childhood.
Many residents struggle with issues of mental illness, poverty, and loneliness.
Many residents support the expansion plans.
Many residents swear by the bars too.
Many residents swear by their beloved diners.
Many residents take a common sense view of the situation that differs from the hard-line stance.
Many residents take elective rotations outside the discipline of internal medicine.
Many residents take regular trips to Colorado for summer camping or winter skiing.
Many residents take time to visit the health screenings available at the fair.
Many residents there are first generation immigrants.
Many residents there are interested in growth and zoning issues.
Many residents there speak English in addition to Spanish.
Many residents think Hawaii needs gambling.
Many residents think tourists have an obligation to help fix the roads they clog.
Many residents travel and some own more than one home.
Many residents turn to prostitution and drug dealing to feed their families.
Many residents use a variety of means to keep their dwelling unit warm during the cold weather.
Many residents use lake water for everything from washing clothes to making ice cubes to drinking.
Many residents use personal computers in the apartments.
Many residents use sand bags to protect their homes.
Many residents use the formal lounge area as a study area.
Many residents use the playground that fronts the woods.
Many residents use their second rural rotation to scout a future practice site.
Many residents use their time and energy to volunteer in local agencies and service organizations.
Many residents use Vancouver as a bedroom community to commute to jobs in Portland.
Many residents view the river as a recreational resource.
Many residents walk into town to shop or have lunch.
Many residents walk or bike or skate to their destination.
Many residents walk to and from work.
Many residents work in nearby Iowa, and often families end up moving there.
More residents are members of church-affiliated organizations than of any other type.
More residents equal more addresses.
More residents have dogs than ever before.
More residents have jobs and own homes.
More residents mean more sick and injured people.
Most resident also speak Spanish and English.
Most resident live in the neighborhood and participate in an active resident-lead social program.
Most residents agree that rental units are a positive addition to a community.
Most residents appear concerned about the quality of the countryside.
Most residents appear to be multi-lingual.
Most residents are a little reluctant to present their work, mostly out of fear of the unknown.
Most residents are African-American.
Most residents are also homeless upon admission to the program.
Most residents are carpenters, teachers, office workers or labourers.
Most residents are college graduates who are active in their professional and business communities.
Most residents are elderly with a few exceptions.
Most residents are factory workers with very low incomes.
Most residents are familiar with sales tax collected by retailers at the time of sale.
Most residents are fisherman and farmers.
Most residents are happy to have late-night company.
Most residents are heavily dependent on marine subsistence hunting and fishing.
Most residents are Hispanic.
Most residents are in the middle and lower-income brackets.
Most residents are in their twenties or thirties.
Most residents are in wheelchairs and there is a small theater.
Most residents are liberals with an artsy-craftsy bent or a passion for academe.
Most residents are misdemeanor and traffic offenders.
Most residents are more concerned about business fallout than environmental concerns.
Most residents are non-Native.
Most residents are of African ancestry.
Most residents are of Portuguese, Italian, German, Japanese, African, or native descent.
Most residents are of two minds about the growth.
Most residents are over retirement age but there are no formal age limits.
Most residents are perfectly satisfied to keep it that way.
Most residents are professionals.
Most residents are ranchers producing hay, wheat and cattle.
Most residents are unlikely to find that attractive.
Most residents are welfare recipients.
Most residents are younger adults, eighteen to late twenties.
Most residents bring their own phone.
Most residents can readily access a large number of databases containing thousands of references.
Most residents can t work where they live.
Most residents choose to live in the downtown area.
Most residents choose to work on an ongoing project.
Most residents classify themselves in executive, administrative and managerial positions.
Most residents commute everyday to central Tokyo for work.
Most residents commute to Pueblo or beyond for their job or business needs.
Most residents commute to Traverse City for employment.
Most residents complain about the cinderblock walls, which make it look very institutional.
Most residents continue on in fellowship training after graduation.
Most residents continue scholarly activities to complement their clinical training.
Most residents continue to work at building skills in general surgical pathology.
Most residents cross the river daily, probably without giving it a second thought.
Most residents depend on subsistence hunting and fishing.
Most residents derive treated well water from the washeteria, although some use river water.
Most residents don t understand what it s like to be a commuter.
Most residents drive other places to work.
Most residents earn their livelihood working as farm laborers.
Most residents enter through the front, which can be hectic during special events.
Most residents favor reconstruction.
Most residents feel safe and use the city centre.
Most residents find it necessary to have a car.
Most residents furnish their bed-sitting rooms with their own furniture.
Most residents give positive ratings to the local public services they receive today.
Most residents go outside of town for medical attention.
Most residents handle the preinduction pain much differently on later attempts.
Most residents haul treated water from the washeteria and haul honeybuckets.
Most residents have a roommate, each person having an individual closet, study and storage space.
Most residents have electricity, and a hose faucet in their front yard.
Most residents have good jobs in nearby Mankato.
Most residents have individual wells, septic tanks and complete indoor plumbing.
Most residents have individual wells, septic tanks and indoor plumbing.
Most residents have mobility problems and all have problems with functional capacity.
Most residents have no dental insurance.
Most residents have no insurance and indigent status.
Most residents have no southern drawl.
Most residents have running water, but nearly one-half use honeybuckets for sewage disposal.
Most residents here let the dirty water on to the roads throughout the year.
Most residents hold two or more jobs in order to make ends meet.
Most residents keep small livestock, including poultry, goats and pigs, and some people fish.
Most residents know each other by name and always extend a helping hand.
Most residents live below poverty level and have no access to health care.
Most residents live in charming single-family homes.
Most residents live in single rooms.
Most residents live in small communities or on farms and orchards.
Most residents live in unincorporated areas.
Most residents live in West Philadelphia.
Most residents live independently, but skilled nursing care and assisted living are also available.
Most residents live near the coast, while farmland and citrus groves occupy the inland.
Most residents live off a mixture of solar and wind power and backup gas generators.
Most residents live within a one half mile radius of a park.
Most residents live within a one-half mile radius of a park.
Most residents live within minutes of the hospitals and housing is plentiful and affordable.
Most residents look a little bewildered, taking a brochure without offering much response.
Most residents love to have visitors.
Most residents love to see and receive student work.
Most residents make an annual migration to Southwest Florida from their homes up north.
Most residents meet either in the coffee shops or at the post office.
Most residents move in with toiletries, casual clothing and work clothing.
Most residents move on into permanent housing within one year.
Most residents now have telephone service.
Most residents now work outside of town.
Most residents obtain four to six months of pediatric surgery experience.
Most residents opt for a variety of the above.
Most residents park on the street.
Most residents participate in a total minimum of one hour of therapy per day.
Most residents pay fees as California residents.
Most residents politely refuse it, Witnesses say.
Most residents pursue a subsistence lifestyle to provide food sources.
Most residents read both.
Most residents really care about their environment and their tourist guests.
Most residents rely on subsistence to supplement income.
Most residents rely on their own means of transportation.
Most residents remain in the training program for three years.
Most residents remain opposed to allowing gambling in town and are supportive of community projects.
Most residents report that they took their first drug or drink between the ages of seven and nine.
Most residents reside in the northeastern portion of the planning area.
Most residents say their neighbors and their families are the reasons they live here.
Most residents seek out an assisted living community following an emergency.
Most residents seek out natural sunlight for a multitude of reasons.
Most residents speak English and Spanish, are friendly and devoted to a casual lifestyle.
Most residents speak Russian as their first language after years of Soviet rule.
Most residents spend two years in basic investigation during the residency.
Most residents stay away.
Most residents still get hot water only four hours per day.
Most residents subsist on income levels below the poverty level.
Most residents supply their water through water wells and have septic tanks installed for waste.
Most residents support themselves and their families by subsistence and seasonal fishing.
Most residents take an average of eight medications.
Most residents take pride in their neighborhood.
Most residents take their pets to veterinarians in Bullhead City, Arizona.
Most residents trade out coverage for the weekends.
Most residents travel to the north or the south for much of their shopping.
Most residents use private wells.
Most residents use the Classified section to either purchase or sell merchandise.
Most residents utilize generators, solar and propane for their power needs.
Most residents walk to get exercise, go out to eat or visit with neighbors.
Most residents work in the surrounding area and a small number are paid employees of the community.
Most residents write at least one paper during their residency.
Some residents acknowledge the community has a problem with numerous dogs running loose.
SOME residents agree and are unconcerned.
Some residents also earn the privilege of working in a part time job outside the program.
Some residents also farm, raising wheat, sunflowers, and cattle.
Some residents also have their water tested for fluoride.
Some residents also participate in subsistence hunting.
Some residents also see the demolition of the trailer park as a loss of a unique way of life.
Some residents appear to help the rebels set up mortar launchers.
Some residents are active in a letter writing campaign.
Some residents are alone and have no close relatives or regular visitors.
Some residents are also inconsiderate and they too urn in their backyards.
Some residents are competitive employed with varying degrees of supervision.
Some residents are concerned about adequate levels of quality water in the future.
Some residents are concerned about too much development.
Some residents are deeply distrustful.
Some residents are nonvoters.
Some residents are prepared and leave with an ounce of comfort, but most are caught off guard.
Some residents are reluctant to see it lose that flavor.
Some residents are squatters living in burned-out houses.
Some residents are still in shock.
Some residents are still skeptical.
Some residents are upset that the mayor is using their own money to buy the presents.
Some residents are upset.
Some residents are without water due to ruptured lines.
Some residents attend educational therapy sessions.
Some residents barely have a name, or at least none that anyone else knows.
Some residents barely have a name.
Some residents begin to have more confidence in others through teamwork.
Some residents believe it is an artificial attempt to make something that never was.
Some residents believe that illegal dumping by outsiders is a major source of the problem.
Some residents blame the disaster on provincial government cutbacks.
Some residents call it an independent streak.
Some residents choose Sunsites as a retirement home and live here only in the winter months.
Some residents choose to spend additional time in some areas as electives.
Some residents cling to life and self-respect, others abandon it.
Some residents commute as far as Dallas.
Some residents commute to Atlanta.
Some residents commute to jobs in larger small towns approx.
Some residents commute to jobs in Taos and Red River.
Some residents commute to nearby communities for employment.
Some residents complete an optional research project.
Some residents continue to be exposed to extreme environmental hazards.
Some residents continue to lose weight and some die from undernutrition.
Some residents continue to use trash cans for refuse disposal.
Some residents couldn t understand the wisdom behind issuing a burn permit.
Some residents cross town lines by walking through their houses.
Some residents disagree that the city has effectively addressed traffic and road safety, however.
Some residents disagree.
Some residents dislike the pictures on the wall.
Some residents do become home owners, buying either condos or houses.
Some residents do lose control of bowel and bladder functions.
Some residents dress in period costumes to take part in the event.
Some residents drop cigarette butts on the street.
Some residents dry clothes in balconies.
Some residents dump their sewage out the window as they have no running water or toilets.
Some residents enjoy the chilly winters.
Some residents enjoy the world of academia so much that they never leave.
Some residents envision ice-skating ponds and baseball fields.
Some residents even get their mail there.
Some residents even have children.
Some residents even move back in despite having no tap water or sewer service.
Some residents even say the wider age range of the residents today adds to the sense of community.
Some residents expect other losses to follow.
Some residents experience changes in their personal and health related needs.
Some residents fear losing the area s tranquility to the traffic.
Some residents fear the worst.
Some residents fear they're in line of fire.
Some residents feel compensation is insufficient.
Some residents feel powerless.
Some residents feel the city is ignoring people who live in certain areas.
Some residents feel the same.
Some residents feel watched whenever they are in the graveyard.
Some residents find the constant noise of the trains that go by to be a nuisance.
Some residents fish in the water canals, although a permit is necessary to do so.
Some residents glow from faith inside, Where dignity rules their hearts of pride.
Some residents have continuity clinic alongside community pediatricians.
Some residents have emergency generators.
Some residents have full environmental control.
Some residents have generators.
Some residents have individual wells.
Some residents have no complaints about their air-conditioning units.
Some residents have their continuity clinics in our satellite offices.
Some residents have their own satellite dish.
Some residents have their reservations about a new hotel in the mostly residential neighborhood.
Some residents have trouble sitting for meals and using utensils.
Some residents hide behind a wall of untrust, rebellion, or rejection.
Some residents keep a cat in their room.
Some residents let people who come to see the races park in their driveways.
Some residents like to stay in downtown Las Vegas.
Some residents live in fear.
Some residents live in homes that are passed down from generation to generation.
Some residents live on communal lands.
Some residents live under a bridge near the Plaza.
Some residents make a comfortable living, while others are poor.
Some residents make their beach homes available as tourist rentals for at least a part of the year.
Some residents merely drain their washing machines to water their shrubs or trees.
Some residents object to the height and design.
Some residents oppose any tourism development.
Some residents oppose the building's size, which they see as too imposing for such a rural town.
Some residents oppose the strict ordinance, saying that the rules and regulations go too far.
Some residents opt for the informal economy, selling scrap metal or raising chickens in vacant lots.
Some residents participate in high school athletics and in local recreational leagues.
Some residents point to improvements in the neighborhood, although some old problems persist.
Some residents prefer to pay every two weeks instead of monthly.
Some residents react by moving farther out into rural areas, continuing the cycle.
Some residents rely on subsistence activities and trapping.
Some residents remain skeptical of the pond.
Some residents require assistance for all the activities of daily living.
Some residents return for a second or third rotation.
Some residents say a foot or so of fabric can make an amazing difference.
Some residents say ice damage is destroying the natural shoreline and their property.
Some residents say improvements are key to maintaining the parks' appearance.
Some residents say it's a matter of finding a strategy that works.
Some residents say more soul-searching is needed.
Some residents say people ignored the fire alarms because they frequently go off.
Some residents say that the two parades remain separate because of tradition.
Some residents say that's a blessing.
Some residents say the agriculture commissioner is doing nothing to stop the damage.
Some residents say the changes in the past decade are already obvious, without a census count.
Some residents say the condos are too tall and too dense.
Some residents say the fences also prevent snow drifts around their homes.
Some residents say there are too many restaurants downtown.
Some residents say they create a glare on adjoining properties.
Some residents say they moved to that part of the county to get away from that kind of growth.
Some residents see advantages in having students as neighbors.
Some residents see it as an absurd allocation of funds.
Some residents see new housing as the least of many possible evils, including manufacturing.
Some residents seem to have moved out, to have vacated their bodies, and left no forwarding address.
Some residents send their children to nearby private schools.
Some residents shrug off subsequent losses.
Some residents slam shut their doors, others pepper candidates with questions.
Some residents spend time carrying out research.
Some residents stay as long as a year and a half.
Some residents stay for short periods to recuperate from an illness or injury.
Some residents still live in the area.
Some residents still plan to buy their own devices.
Some residents surrounding the proposed site are worried about disturbance from building work.
Some residents survive by selling at the market or by working there.
Some residents swear they're in the fields.
Some Residents take the academic and practicum phases concurrently over a period of two years.
Some residents think beach neighbors are being selfish.
Some residents think it started in the basement.
Some residents think separation is now necessary for survival.
Some residents think the retail scene needs a boost.
Some residents trap or sell firewood for income.
Some residents travel to Bristol Bay area during the summer to fish commercially for salmon.
Some residents travel to various fishing districts of Bristol Bay to participate in the fishery.
Some residents use individual septic tanks, but the majority have outhouses or pit privies.
Some residents use part of their elective time in the third and fourth years to complete projects.
Some residents use surface sources.
Some residents use the groundwater for drinking water.
Some residents voice other feelings.
Some residents wander upslope in summer and downslope for winter.
Some residents watch the ship leave.
Some residents work outside of Young, and come home on the weekends.
Some residents work there.
Residential accommodation is also available at West Park.
Residential accommodation is available and the campus is situated adjacent to fast rail transport.
Residential accommodation is available downtown within walking distance of our centre.
Residential accommodation is available for groups.
Residential accommodation is available.
Residential accommodation is expensive.
Residential accommodation is provided on site.
Residential accommodation is provided to all faculty, staff and students.
Residential accommodation is subject to change.
Most residential accommodation is three minutes walk from the refectory and teaching areas.
Most residential alarms emit a loud noise from a bell, siren or tone generator.
Residential apartheid is still largely intact.
Residential apartments provide safe and comfortable accommodations.
Residential Appreciation Estimates the annual appreciation rate of surrounding housing units.
Residential approach stresses responsibility for one's own behavior through behavioral goals.
A residential area is a district
Residential area means an area that consists predominantly of residences.
Residential areas are adjacent to the east, west, and north sides of the site.
Residential areas are always more stringent on building permits.
Residential areas are closed to all but invited guests and residents.
Residential areas are mature in their vegetation and show a consciousness of indigenous species.
Residential areas are quiet, safe, friendly and well cared for.
Residential areas are the site for more than half of car thefts.
Residential areas are to the north of the site across East Bennett Street and west of the site.
Residential areas are within convenient commuting distance of all commercial and industrial areas.
Residential areas blend harmoniously into forestland or parks.
Residential areas exist east of the airport.
Residential areas have neighborhood delivery and collection boxes.
Residential areas introduce grass clippings and scrap lumber to the water.
Residential areas lie to the south of the site.
Residential areas provide beneficial surroundings for family life e.
Residential areas range from modest older homes to the most modern and exclusive residences.
Residential areas tend to be warmer because of urban effects on climate.
Residential areas use it as a backyard.
Residential areas vary from older historic neighborhoods to beautiful new lakeside developments.
All residential areas have coin-operated laundry facilities within the immediate area.
Any residential area has at least one or two video rental shops.
Every residential area has a play school, a cr che, a grocery store and a vegetable store.
Many residential areas are adjacent to forests at high risk for catastrophic wildfires.
Some residential areas have a higher social status than others.
Some residential areas provide habitats.
Some residential areas provide optimal habitats.
Residential assistants provide supervision.
Residential assistants report directly to their respective dorm head.
Many residential assistants do social programs based on diversity issues.
Residential backup is dense and well established.
Residential ballasts are exempt from the proposed standards.
Residential builders note rising land prices, while materials costs have steadied recently.
Residential builders react to the demand created by the market place.
Residential building is substantially different from commercial.
Residential buildings are buildings.
Residential buildings are constructions at least half of which is used for residential purposes.
Residential buildings are where people live.
Residential buildings can be either houses or other residential buildings .
Residential buildings can be tall skyscrapers or teeny little huts.
All residential buildings are smoke-free environments.
Every residential building requires smoke alarms throughout.
Residential burglaries are common for occupied and unoccupied dwellings.
Residential burglary is a chronic nationwide problem that is growing by leaps and bounds.
Residential burglary is a major crime that can be effectively combated with neighborhood awareness.
Residential burglary is a real and present danger.
Most residential burglaries occur during the daytime.
Most residential burglaries occur to home on the first or ground floor.
Residential camps tend to be held at one or only a few locations.
Residential campers are to bring linens and pillows.
Residential campers receive a t-shirt and soccer ball.
Residential campuses provide much more than book knowledge.
Most residential campuses spend resources and staff-time creating programs for their residence.
Residential care is available as well as a nursing home where vegetarian meals are served.
Residential care is one.
Residential care is provided in adult residential care facilities and adult family homes.
Residential care is the core around which all children's services are delivered.
Residential centers offer an array of services, trained staff and regular access to medical care.
Residential centre requires teacher for retreat work in the centre and in schools.
Residential collection is performed twice a week, year-round.
Residential colleges are adjacent to the campus.
Residential colleges are more than just places to live.
Residential colleges are the heart of the first-year program.
Residential colleges provide accommodation for undergraduate and postgraduate students.
Residential colleges retain students more than commuter institutions.
Residential colleges sponsor a broad range of informal cultural and intellectual activities.
Residential colleges welcome nonresident members as participants in their activities.
Residential commissions are too numerous to mention.
Some residential communities organize to control their mosquito problems.
Many residential companies take on larger volumes than they can handle.
Residential complexes have pools, workout rooms, saunas.
Some residential complexes provide a daily maid service.
Residential condominiums are specifically exempt under the Excise Tax Act.
Residential connections are a lower priority.
Residential construction continues to boom adding new homes throughout the city.
Residential construction continues to languish.
Residential construction encompasses all types of housing as described above.
Residential construction is a function of demand for housing.
Residential construction is almost continuous in an effort to support the growing population.
Residential construction is also strong.
Residential construction is down from last year, but only Chicago reports a significant decline.
Residential construction is down, although low mortgage rates recently have revived home sales.
Residential construction is now complete.
Residential construction is said to be at a standstill.
Residential construction is very weak.
Residential construction remains in a depressed state throughout most of the nation.
Residential construction remains universally weak in all Districts.
Residential construction seems to be the number one issue in terms of development.
All residential construction requires permits and inspections.
Residential consumers can switch their gas supplier at any time.
Residential consumption is peakier than commercial consumption.
Many residential contractors are small.
Residential contributions originate primarily from common household products.
Residential cottages hold regular devotion times with children and youth.
Residential counselors work with each person to develop skills for independent living.
All residential counselors live either in the cottages with the children or in on-campus housing.
Many residential counselors work part time.
Residential curriculum is available to providers and families.
Residential customers are able to request level billing plans to help budget their expenditures.
Residential customers are the most important user group.
Residential customers can also save themselves money by improving air conditioning efficiency.
Residential customers can switch to a new supplier or back to their traditional utility at any time.
Residential customers desire rich multimedia services, such as data and video.
Residential customers enjoy weekly pickups.
Residential customers have a strong appetite for Internet access and video distribution.
Residential customers have been reluctant to change for several reasons, say observers.
Residential customers love our friendly, hometown service and the flexability of our dial-up plans.
Residential customers pay for having that top priority.
Residential customers pay no long distance access charges when calling the Internet.
Residential customers receive a monthly credit towards each month's electric bill.
Residential customers receive their signals through rooftop antennae.
Residential customers turn on home appliances and lights in the morning.
Residential customers using larger than standard water meters pay higher rates.
All residential customers are eligible for the random monthly drawing.
All residential customers are eligible.
Every residential customer receives a supply of large trash bags.
Most residential customers have a -inch meter.
Most residential customers have yet to see draconian rate increases.
Most residential customers receive a bill every two months.
Residential deaths take priority over hospital deaths.
Residential deliveries are possible.
Residential deliveries arrive by end of day.
Residential delivery is also available.
Residential delivery is available at an increased cost.
Residential demands are predictable, based on home density per acre and average home uses.
Residential design has a very long way to go to improve access for disabled persons.
Residential destinations receive delivery by end of day.
Residential destinations receive delivery by the end of the day.
Residential detoxification can be medical or non-medical.
Residential developers say they face increased competition for space from such office users.
Residential development alters compositions.
Residential development brings a higher burden of services than commercial or industrial.
Residential development can have many effects on water quality.
Residential development causes three times the traffic of industrial.
Residential development includes subdivision development and development of individual lots.
Residential development is also popular on the dunes.
Residential development is currently an underserved market.
Residential development is definitely on the rise.
Residential development is key to continued growth in the downtown.
Residential development is nearing saturation.
Residential development is proposed.
Residential development is rapid throughout the sub-subsection.
Residential development is the primary threat to the Bear Hollow Cave crayfish population.
Residential development is the primary threat.
Residential development is therefore somewhat constrained.
Residential development remains the predominant land use activity.
Residential development requires a variety of governmental, social, and other services.
Residential developments are a popular use for reclaimed sites.
Residential developments place a serious burden on water quality.
More residential developments translate into more children, thus higher taxes.
Most residential development is concentrated along the northern and southwestern edges of downtown.
Most residential developments face opposition due to their traffic impacts.
Some residential development is planned for the future.
Some residential development poses problems.
Residential distribution is merely a by-product of the industry.
A residential district is a district
Residential districts are to be sprayed with pesticides when the bug is found there.
Residential districts crown the city's hills.
Residential doors have a variety of patterns depending on the building's architectural style.
Many residential doors are of wood hollow-core construction and have poor locks.
Many residential doors feature hollow core construction and poor locks.
Many residential doors feature hollow-core construction and poor locks.
Residential driveways require the review and approval of the city engineer.
Residential dues help pay for the upkeep.
Residential education is a form of education wherein students study and reside in the same setting.
Residential electricians work with people on a regular basis.
Residential equipment is likely to break prematurely and frequently in apartment fitness centers.
Residential facilities are available for undergraduate students, graduate students, and faculty.
Residential facilities establish their own smoking policies.
Residential facilities offer individual care by well-trained hosts.
Residential facilities vary in type and allow the community of artists to live and work together.
All residential facilities are coeducational, and on campus housing is guaranteed for four years.
All residential facilities are non-smoking.
Some residential facilities have vending machines in the lobby.
Residential fire is now the number one killer of pre school age children.
Residential fire is the number one cause of fire fighter fatalities.
Residential fires are responsible for the majority of fire-related deaths in the United States.
Residential fires are the leading cause of accidental death for children under the age of five.
Residential fires are the most frequently occurring disasters in the United States.
Residential fires are, unfortunately, a common occurrence.
Residential floors come next, then the floors occupied by re-education centers.
Residential foreclosures continue to decline.
Residential garbage is collected twice weekly.
Residential garbage is collected weekly.
Residential gardening takes place near the home, in a space referred to as the garden.
Residential gateways connect a home network to the Internet.
Residential gateways open the way to a wide variety of home-based Net devices.
Residential growth continues to dominate new development.
Residential growth is another story.
Residential growth is somewhat more difficult to control.
Residential growth keeps moving along strongly and steadily in Cleveland County.
Residential homes are both south and east of the site.
Residential homes offer help with, among other things, washing, dressing and going to the toilet.
Residential homes radiate out from the town center.
All residential homeowners can dump their trash at no cost.
Most residential homeowners shy away from wallcoverings.
Residential hospice is a compassionate answer to the needs of the dying.
Residential hotel are less crowded, quieter and offer plenty of parking.
Residential housing is also available to students.
Residential housing is an important part of the college experience.
Residential housing is available.
Residential housing is developed immediately south of the landfill, east of Pond street.
Most residential housing is located on south campus.
All residential improvements are upscale and are tightly controlled by the building commission.
Residential instability is common in both homeless and housed low-income families.
Residential interns receive stipends during their internships.
Residential investment is sensitive to interest rates for the same reason as real consumption.
Residential land is subjected to town approval for commercial use.
Residential lawyers take up to half of the first year's refund.
Residential leases are usually gross meaning that one rental amount pays the entire monthly rent.
Most residential leases are for one to three years.
Residential life allows students to build lifelong friendships with students from around the globe.
Residential life has budget for buying student art.
Residential life is a different matter.
Residential life is a major aspect of college and the maturity it brings.
Residential life is an important factor in building a sense of community.
Residential life offers a wide variety of programs to the residents.
Residential life opens doors for students in more ways than one.
Residential life puts students in the center of academic, athletic, and social activities.
Residential listings range from single-family homes to retirement apartments and condominiums.
Residential living comes with some big advantages.
Residential living involves people, relationships, and experiences.
Residential living is a crucial part of the liberal arts education.
Residential living is a unique experience that provides opportunity for growth and learning.
Residential living is an experience in human relations.
Residential living is an integral part of students' education.
Residential living is convenient and comfortable.
Residential locations are unlikely for wholesale, retail or manufacturing lines of business.
Residential Lots Build either an All American type home or stick built.
Residential markets consist of maid services.
Residential markets consist of services.
Most residential markets consist of maid services.
Most residential markets consist of services.
Residential members are the only members that can vote.
Residential membership is normally for a period of up to one year.
Residential mix is a priority to support and maintain.
Residential mobility is part and parcel of economic mobility.
Residential mortgages account for more than half of the loan portfolio.
Residential mortgages are loans made to borrowers, secured by a first mortgage on the property.
Residential mortgages make up about two-thirds of the company's loan portfolio.
Residential mortgages offer generous returns and excellent stability.
Residential moves are also possible for some.
Residential neighborhoods are an integral part of a healthy downtown.
Residential neighborhoods constitute much of the remaining land.
Residential neighborhoods have tall trees.
Residential neighborhoods have trees.
Residential neighborhoods lie beyond, toward upper right.
Residential neighborhoods range from new developments to historic housing.
Most residential neighborhoods have tall trees.
Most residential neighborhoods have trees.
Residential neighbourhoods are convenient to all services.
Residential neighbourhoods encompass a wide diversity of housing styles and types.
Residential opportunities are almost limitless for families of all ages and interests.
Residential opportunities are still available.
Residential options range from family communities to centuries-old farms.
Residential options vary by county.
Residential packages are inclusive of all entertainment.
Residential painters are in a different situation.
Some residential painters continue to specialize in residential roof coating.
Residential parent arrives with the children as scheduled by the staff.
Residential parent leaves the area.
Residential parking is located to the rear of or under housing and houses include front porches.
Residential Parking Permits for large gatherings are also available.
Residential permits are available from the council.
Residential permits are valid for three years from the date of approval, after which they expire.
Residential permits continue to be slow.
Residential permits require the lot number and subdivision name, if applicable.
Residential permits take about two weeks.
Residential pickup is once a week.
Residential placement is available to students who live too great a distance to commute daily.
Residential placement is the last resort, and it's often a place no one wants to go.
Residential placement is the last resort.
Residential placement is the most likely outcome following the death of both parents.
Residential placements are available in crisis situations.
Residential pods are amazingly stable groups, organized for life around mother-calf bonds.
Residential policies reflect our Christian identity.
Residential preferences survey research methodology.
Residential premises means a tract or parcel of land upon which a residence is located.
Residential programs are responsible for the youth's total care, treatment, and well-being.
Residential programs can costs thousands of dollars.
Residential programs consist of emergency shelter for women and children.
All residential programs follow a common model, growth seminars, and provide teens with a warranty .
All residential programs offer a commuter option for campers who live close enough to stay at home.
Residential programming is available for children at least five years of age.
Residential projects are ineligible for fee deferral.
Residential projects get their value because they re set in a great neighborhood.
Residential projects promote supported living.
Residential projects range from new home design to renovations, additions, and interior alterations.
Residential projects require one tree per lot.
Many residential projects have restrictions against commercial activity or breeding of livestock.
Most residential projects are fairly predictable.
Residential properties are input-taxed.
Residential properties includes private residential, housing authority developments, and rectories.
Residential Properties Take a look at our latest offerings, from penthouses to Ocean views.
Residential property can be as risky as any other investment.
Residential property is billed based on a single unit charge.
Residential property is defined as a home on a lot or small acreage.
Residential property is developed on the north and south sides.
Residential property is more tricky.
Residential property is property rented out for nontransient living purposes.
Residential property is property USED for residential purposes.
Residential property is valued solely on market data.
Residential property is valued using both a cost model and a sales comparison model.
All residential property is freehold and owned mainly by the occupiers.
Many residential properties consist of multiple acres with some in excess of five acres.
Most residential properties can only accommodate a few large specimen shade trees.
Most residential property is valued by using the market or sales comparison method.
Most residential property is valued with a cost model or a sales comparison model.
Residential rates are in fact already much higher than that.
Residential ratepayers know it.
Residential recycling begins.
Residential refuse is collected at curbside two days a week.
Residential rents are affordable here as well.
Residential renters have rent control, and cab drivers who lease cabs want gate control.
Residential representation is split into four geographic quadrants.
Residential restrictions apply.
Residential roofs are usually steep and the roofing material is mainly asphalt shingles.
Residential rooms are to the right.
All residential rooms have access to a network connection from their room.
Residential sales are our specialty.
Residential schools add to the workload of staff and reduce time available for research.
Residential schools are also compulsory.
Residential schools are an alternative to placements in local schools.
Residential schools follow different models and receive different sources of funding.
All residential schools are compulsory, unless otherwise indicated.
All residential schools receive subsidies for each full-time participant.
Residential segregation based on race is a reality in our society.
Residential segregation remains high too.
Residential service includes curbside green waste collection and recyclable materials collection.
Residential service is based on single-family home waste generation.
Residential service is limited to one computer and no servers.
Residential service is more labor intensive and more costly to provide.
Residential service is now available in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma.
Residential service is offered twice per week backyard collection.
Residential services are also available.
Residential services are available to students at their expense.
Residential services are available.
Residential services are free to low and moderate income families.
Residential services vary a great deal from one state to another.
Residential signs are also an unusually cheap and convenient form of communication.
Residential signs are an unusually cheap and convenient form of communication.
Most residential software has a system generally similar in concept.
Residential spaces consist of air conditioned suites with two rooms.
Many residential spaces are meterless.
Residential sprinkles are ugly.
Residential sprinklers are practical.
Residential staff are qualified to meet the needs of residential students under their supervision.
Residential staff are qualified to meet the needs of students under their supervision.
Residential staff have more training and are better qualified.
Residential staff provides a caring, supportive, home-like atmosphere within each residence.
Residential staff visit individuals on a regular basis providing guidance and support.
Residential stay is optional and is to be paid by the student.
Residential steel framing components are extremely cost effective, light weight and easy to handle.
Residential streets are lined with sidewalks, but they inevitably lead to a wall of traffic.
Residential students access the Internet via the university network only.
Residential students are also more like to become involved in campus life and organizations.
Residential students are more positive about the social and interpersonal environment.
Residential students are significantly more satisfied with college.
Residential students can use local network accounts to access the Internet.
Residential students can use modems in the dormitories.
Residential students can work together to do the experiments.
Residential students develop many friendships that last a lifetime.
Residential students eat breakfast in the cafeteria first, and then head to classes.
Residential students form lasting bonds of friendship that carry on long after graduation.
Residential students have more chances to make important connections since they live on campus.
Residential students learn a great deal about how to get along with others.
Residential students live in group homes in Connecticut communities.
Residential students live on campus during the week and are transported home on the weekends.
Residential students participate in social and recreational activities during the evenings.
Residential students receive a free breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Residential students welcome in our part-time courses.
Every residential student is required to participate in the college meal plan.
Residential subdivisions surround property, yet still plenty of wildlife.
Residential subscribers click here.
Residential suburbs provide habitats.
Most residential suburbs provide habitats.
Residential systems use an air-cooled condenser coil.
Most residential systems have an air-cooled condenser.
Most residential systems use modified sine wave inverters, which are somewhat less expensive.
Residential tasks take place at sites elsewhere in England and Wales.
Residential taxes are relatively low.
Residential tenants are generally responsible for charges for installation of their service.
Residential tenants move in.
Residential tenants pay a monthly rental fee that includes all utilities.
Residential towers occupy the centre right-hand side of the photo.
Many residential transactions involve a lender and a title company.
Residential treatment falls on the end of the spectrum.
Residential treatment includes housing, meals, treatment and rehabilitative services.
Residential treatment is provided to women who are trauma survivors.
Residential treatment requires approval before treatment begins.
Residential treatment requires prior approval.
Residential turf is emphasized.
All residential units are secured.
All residential units make cubes, which are then released through the application of heat.
Most residential units make a loud noise if triggered.
Residential use is part of that mixed-use area.
Residential use is proposed.
Residential uses are now the largest single land use category in the community.
Residential users choose between one or the other for heating and cooking.
Residential users have different traffic and download patterns to business users.
Residential visitors have a choice of overnight accommodation on campus at a range of prices.
Residential weeks are available almost all year.
Residential work accounts for most architectural contracts.
Residential work is another story.
Residential work is more demanding.
Residential work requires even more communication with the customer.
Residential work requires patience and a desire to work with details.
Residential work requires unique, creative, and financially sound design decisions.
Most residential workshops result in one or more public performances.
Residential zones have requirements for setbacks from property lines.
Residents association provides sources of neighborhood information and issues.
Residents parking is situated in front of property.
Residual acid can react with things in the air and make paper weak over time.
Residual activity is dependent on rainfall and herbicide contact with the soil.
Residual activity is dependent upon rate, soil type, and environmental conditions.
Residual activity is dependent upon rate.
Residual activity is limited by the amount of recontamination.
Residual activity is reduced by overhead irrigation or rainfall after application.
Any residual adhesive seen on the platen is another indication of too much squeegee pressure.
Residual alkalinity can cause paint to peel.
Residual analysis is now very well established, and students accept it very easily.
Residual ash drops through the fire pot grate to an ash pan below.
Residual attenuation is the minimum attenuation of a variable Attenuator.
Residual autolysis is disadvantageous for mycelium.
Residual benefits are a percentage based on the amount of income loss.
Residual benefits are partial benefits.
Residual benefits are very important for two reasons.
Residual benefits pay a percentage benefit based on the amount of income loss.
Residual bequests are also beneficial for the museum.
Residual binder is scrubbed off the sand grains and excess fines are removed.
Residual channels are visible in the embanked floodplains.
Residual chemical has little toxicity for animals.
Residual chlorides can also react with metals to form corrosion products.
Residual color is next to nil.
Residual color remains in Southern New England's interior, but is usually in the dimming stage.
Residual computation is also a necessary subfunction of O rbit Determination .
Residual control is often desirable, because multiple flushes of germination can occur.
Residual depth is formed by removing a best-fitting trend from the bathymetric profile.
Residual effects can last for days or years and cause death.
Residual enhancement is evident from the initial pre-operative administration of Gd.
Residual errors are of the order of the ray tracing model accuracy.
Some residual flooding continues in western Washington and Oregon.
Residual forms are mostly sunken valleys and natural bridges.
Residual fuel is also use as bunker fuel in large ocean-going tankers.
Some residual fuel is entrained underneath the float plane docks lining the west side of the slip.
Residual halides react with copper phase of the flexlead aggregate.
Any residual heat is taken advantage of to heat the swimming pool.
Residual herbicides continue to provide significant improvements to glyphosate-based weed control.
Residual herbicides pose a risk to the environment if applied to waterlogged soils.
Residual herbicides work best if applied to moist soil.
Most residual herbicides work best when incorporated into the soil by rainfall or irrigation.
Residual honey sugars, range from dry to sweet.
Residual hydrazine is burned and residual nitrogen used for attitude control is vented.
Residual income continues indefinitely.
Residual income continues month after month, automaticaly.
Residual income is another well known method of earning money.
Residual income is earned on all services.
Residual income is one of the key components of wealth creation.
Residual income is the secret of the wealthy.
Residual income is used by everyone that has a realistic amount of financial freedom.
Residual income is.
Residual income works in a similar fashion to compound interest.
Residual information is retained within our archival system.
Any residual ink is removed with acetone or mineral spirits.
Residual items are returns from organizations of partial containers.
Residual jitter can arises from uncorrected atmospheric turbulence as well as telescope wind shake.
Residual light is reflected and recycled, rather than absorbed and wasted as in current systems.
Residual management is the last of the five R's in the waste management hierarchy.
Residual material can react with waste being collected and cause unwanted results.
Residual materials are mineral materials that have weathered in place from primary bedrock.
Residual migration is another.
Residual milk is that milk left in the udder after normal milking.
Residual moisture can sour a pipe.
Residual nitrate can be a large source of nitrogen for crops.
Residual oil is oil
Residual oils are heavy, thick oils.
Residual ozone reverts back to pure oxygen making it environmentally friendly.
Any residual ozone is converted back to oxygen prior to being released to the atmosphere.
Some residual paralysis does remain in one-third of all survivors.
Residual payments are reportable by the employer in the quarter they are paid.
Residual percentage is based upon depreciation of the car over term.
Residual percentages decrease as the length of a lease, called the term , increases.
Residual plot produces an observed by predicted by the standardized residual.
Residual plots appear random with no apparent curvature.
Residual plots seem fairly ok.
Any residual profit belongs to the lessee.
Residual radiation consists of all radiation produced after one minute from the explosion.
Residual radiation consists of induced radiation and fallout.
Residual radiation is cleaned up at the site, and the hole is plugged back to the surface.
Residual radiation is that which persists beyond the first minute after detonation.
Residual radiation lingers after the first minute.
Residual risk is the risk remaining after precautions have been taken.
Residual risk is the risk that remains given current levels of environmental regulation and control.
Residual salt can inhibit enzymatic reactions.
Residual silver remains in the interior of each piece, and is burnished.
Residual sludge settles to the floor of the clarifier and is swept to a central hopper.
Residual soil is dirt
Residual soils have a chemical makeup like that of their parent material.
Residual sprays have a limited exterior applicability for the protection of small camps.
Residual stability is considered in drillships, crane vessels.
Residual strength is the strength of a liquefied soil.
Residual stress establishes the initial stress state of an element.
Residual stresses are stresses present in a component without the presence of service loading.
Residual stresses can exist in materials even when no external loads are applied to the material.
Residual stresses determined are the average over the depth of drilled hole.
Residual stresses exist in all types of parts from engines to tooling.
Residual stresses require costly and time-consuming stress relief heat treatment.
Residual sweeps occur periodically for six months to one year following the transfer.
Residual timber is sold to third parties for the production of finger-jointed lumber.
Residual torque can also be higher than dynamic torque.
Residual torque is often lower than dynamic torque.
Residual traffic comes in for weeks.
Residual tumor is often a problem after surgical intervention, especially near the cavernous sinus.
Residual urine is that which remains when the bladder fails to commonly empty itself.
Residual vacuum causes aerosols.
Residual value is an estimate of a vehicle's wholesale value at the end of a lease term.
Residual value is defined as the remaining value of any unused ticket portion.
Residual value is the estimated recoverable value of the goods at the conclusion of the lease term.
Residual value is the forecast value of the vehicle at the end of the lease term.
Residual volume includes the respiratory dead space, plus whatever volume is left in the alveoli.
Residual volume is the volume left in the lungs after a maximal expiration.
Residual waste is composed of a wide variety of materials.
Residual waste is nonhazardous industrial waste.
Residual wastes are subject to a source reduction strategy.
Residual water can allow bacterial growth to occur before the next milking.
Residual water is exposed around the lever control.
Residual welfare is well and truly back on the political agenda.
Residual wood remains a relatively untapped resource.
Residual is a payment
Residual is payments.
Residuals also are a key sticking point with the actors' group.
Residuals are a measure of the closeness of the fit.
Residuals are acceptable.
Residuals are at the centre of the current contract negotiations.
Residuals are examined for adequacy of fit and where appropriate the lack of it is assessed.
Residuals are examined or analyzed to confirm homoscedasticity and gross normality.
Residuals are in psec, argument is time in hours elapsed from the start of session.
Residuals are industrial by-products.
Residuals are positve for points above the line and negative for points below the line.
Residuals are self-explanatory.
Residuals are solids or semisolid by-products created by the wastewater treatment process.
Residuals are the chief economic issue.
Residuals are the difference between the actual values and the predicted values.
Residuals are the predicted study-site base flows subtracted from the actual values.
Residuals are unheard of here.
Residuals are what is left over.
Residuals cause environmental damage, or take up costly landfill space, or both.
Residuals Clicking the residuals button causes a residuals run to be initiated.
Residuals define the system of equations, typically by using derivative operators.
Residuals is basically a perk.
Residuals look at differences between the model and the criterion value.
Residuals pay for the life of the referred account.
Residuals show a broad gap inbetween when only absorption is considered.
Residuals sum to zero.
Residuals -Trees remaining after an intermediate or partial cutting of tree crops or stands.
Residuals typically offer substantial benefit to the soils on which they are applied.
Residuals variance unerestimates the true variance.
Some residuals are positive and some negative.
Residuary clause is important because it disposes of all property of decedent.
Residue clearance is essential.
Residue control is an issue that affects consumers and industry in the United States and abroad.
Residue cover helps conserve soil moisture and organic matter for increased crop production.
Residue cover is also sensitive to depth and speed of equipment operation and to row spacing.
Residue cover is part of it.
Residue cover is usually most effective.
Residue management is a critical component in controlling soil erosion.
Residue management is an effective way to control soil erosion on steep fields and reduce fuel use.
Residue management is an important aspect of a conservation farming system.
Residue management is called for in seven ty-five percent of conservation compliance plans.
Residue management is important in all conservation tillage systems.
Residue management is much easier with center pivot irrigation than with furrow irrigation.
Residue management starts at harvest.
Residue removal is less complete as concentration of pesticide increases.
Residue removal is less thorough as concentration of pesticide increases.
Residue removal is required.
A residue is matter
Residue build-up provides pests, such as rodents, with cover and protection from predators.
Residue can block pores and cause breakouts.
Residue consist mainly of roots and resistant fibers.
Residue cover cushions the fall of raindrops and reduces or eliminates splash erosion.
Residue cover reduction as affected by tillage sequence.
Residue does plug the opener since there is no shank.
Residue exits the separation section and is expelled by a beater out of the combine.
Residue explodes on heating.
Residue forms a wick which helps water evaporate and traps snow.
Residue improves soil tilth and adds organic matter to the soil as it decomposes.
Residue increases the soil surface roughness, which helps dissipate the energy from flowing water.
Residue is left on the surface between ridges.
Residue isa matter.
Residue protects soil from the forces of wind and water that cause soil erosion.
Residue reduces soil erosion and the amount of fertilizer required to produce the next crop.
Residue reduces soil erosion caused by both wind and water.
Residue retains structure of peat.
Residue stays relatively untouched, leaving excellent cover to minimize wind and water soil erosion.
Residues affect taste.
Residues affect the physical and chemical environment of the soil.
Residues also act as organic amendments to intensify microbial activity.
Residues also affect soil water evaporation.
Residues also provide the feedstocks for base oils used in the manufacture of lubricants.
Residues are a direct threat to beef sales, particularly in sensitive export markets.
Residues are either a valid amino acid or nucleotide or unknown.
Residues are ore.
Residues are present in human body tissues.
Residues are simple to use because they have already been collected.
Residues are substances.
Residues are valuable animal feed.
Residues are wastes that contain higher levels of plutonium than other categories of waste.
Residues can also appear in the wool.
Residues can last more than two weeks on vegetables.
Residues containing peroxides are shock sensitive and thus are potentially an ether-bomb.
Residues decline rapidly during storage and shipment.
Residues decompose with time as a function of moisture and temperature.
Residues dissolve into the solvent and are back flushed out of the column with the solvent.
Residues do transfer from contaminated clothing to uncontaminated clothing during the washing cycle.
Residues drift far beyond the permit's inadequate one-quarter mile limit.
Residues form bonds.
Residues interacting strongly with the ligand are responsible for the loss of vibrational entropy.
Residues lead to accumulation.
Residues mutate more easily to residues encoded by similar codons.
Residues pass into intestines.
Residues pass into large intestines.
Residues promote interaction.
Residues provide large potential resources.
Residues provide resources.
Residues reduce the raindrop impact, which is what produces the crust in the first place.
Residues reduce wind and water erosion.
Residues remain in environments.
Residues remain in tissue.
Residues undergo oxidation.
Residues vary with compound.
Residues usually attract dirt and make it stick.
All residue falls onto the workbench.
All residues currently found are below the safety threshold.
Any residue devolves to the State.
Any residue is removed by centrifugation for further analysis.
Many residues are the conserved.
Most residues affect taste.
Most residues come from contaminated feeds.
Most residues form bonds.
Most residues lead to accumulation.
Most residues pass into intestines.
Most residues pass into large intestines.
Most residues promote interaction.
Most residues provide large potential resources.
Most residues provide resources.
Most residues remain in environments.
Most residues remain in tissue.
Most residues undergo oxidation.
Some residue can be water-soluble and therefore easily lost to the environment.
Some residue remains in the cracks and uneven places of the chamber.
Some residues affect measurements.
Some residues affect receptors.
Some residues attract cockroaches.
Some residues cause cancer.
Some residues contain nitrogen.
Some residues discourage slugs.
Some residues enter eyes.
Some residues harm amphibians.
Some residues have potential.
Some residues kill pollinators.
Some residues mix with sand.
Some residues protect surfaces.
Some residues provide food.
Some residues reflect sunlight.
A residuum is a part
Residuum is transported parent material.
Resignation can be fun in the company of a friend.
Resignation has bitterness.
Resignation is a heroic act and only a brave man can do that.
Resignation is a late stage.
Resignation is a perfectly valid tactic under the rules of the game set out by Israeli law.
Resignation is a speech act
Resignation is a synonym for defeat.
Resignation is a very drastic measure.
Resignation is also within the constitutional ambit.
Resignation is better than assassination.
Resignation is despair.
Resignation is documents.
Resignation is effective date of postmark.
Resignation is only possible at the end of the calendar year.
Resignation is speech acts.
Resignation is the honorable course.
Resignation is the honourable and correct thing to do.
Resignation is the only way for now.
Resignation is the town's cardinal virtue.
Resignation is voluntary employment termination initiated by an employee.
Resignation is voluntary termination of employment by an employee.
Resignation is what's best for the country.
Resignation plunges party into crisis of self-confidence.
Resignations are effective on delivery.
Resignations are result of interns failing to meet standards.
Resignations are to be made in writing to the president.
Resignations become effective at the end of the school year in which they are submitted.
Resignations become effective on the last day services are actually performed.
Resignations can also result in constructive dismissal claims.
Resignations show date of resignation, office held, and the officer's signature.
More resignations are likely to follow.
Resigned positions are subject to the same provisions.
A resiliency is elasticity
Resiliency can emerge at any time in one's life.
Resiliency fails in the face of repeated, ongoing lack of attention.
Resiliency flips the coin.
Resiliency grows through healthy resonses to stressors.
Resiliency includes the ability to effectively negotiate with a negative environment.
Resiliency is a character quality every missionary child needs.
Resiliency is a fair description.
Resiliency is a learned response to life's challenging situations.
Resiliency is a relatively new concept.
Resiliency is also about teaching youth how to stretch their comfort zones.
Resiliency is another necessary trait for today's leader.
Resiliency is critical to spiritual fitness.
Resiliency is high.
Resiliency is one kind of protective factor.
Resiliency is part of the human condition.
Resiliency is related to a person's overall growth and development.
Resiliency is seen as the innate capacity that everyone has to bounce back from adversity.
Resiliency is the ability to adapt to a stressful environment despite risk or adversity.
Resiliency is the ability to bounce back from adversity.
Resiliency is the ability to bounce back from stress and crisis.
Resiliency is the ability to bounce back from the ups and downs of everyday life.
Resiliency is the ability to bounce back from the ups and downs of life.
Resiliency is the ability to cultivate strengths to positively meet challenges.
Resiliency is the ability to recover original shape and size.
Resiliency is the cornerstone of the Model of Care.
Resiliency is the main reason why spring padded rolls are superior to hard rolls on an ironer.
Resiliency is the result of purpose, courage and skill working together.
Resiliency is toughness.
Resiliency is what it's all about.
Resiliency produces confidence.
Resiliency reinforces it.
Resilient behavior is especially critical for the most vulnerable children and families.
Resilient children are autonomous, have high self-esteem, and get along well with others.
Resilient children display androgyny by participating in non-sexed typed activities.
Resilient children have mild temperaments and usually avoid flying off the handle.
Resilient communities depend on a constant flow of energy, imagination and commitment.
Resilient fabric shapes the body and adds glow to the color.
Resilient families spend time together.
Resilient families understand that life can be stressful.
Resilient flooring is the most common type of hard-surface flooring used in public buildings.
Resilient flooring is what was once called linoleum.
Resilient infants are socially responsive with a capacity to elicit and receive attention.
Resilient people are positive that they can succeed in unfamiliar circumstances.
Resilient people are sociable and have good social skills.
Resilient people bounce back to new heights of performance following change.
Resilient people demonstrate certain traits.
Resilient people face tremendous stress and adversity.
Resilient people have the ability to solve problems.
Resilient people seem able to remember that bad times are temporary.
Resilient people thrive on challenge.
Resilient resources achieve continuous availability in a cluster environment.
Resilient seat provides support without sagging or sponginess.
Resilient students are responsible, taking initiative and weighing risks carefully.
Resin acid undergoes anaerobic degradations.
Resin acid undergoes degradations.
Resin acids are composed of tricyclic diterpenoid carboxylic acids.
Resin canals can occur in xylem, phloem, or bark of either type, but are more common to softwoods.
Resin ducts contain substances.
Most resin ducts contain substances.
Resin kits are the exception because demand far exceeds production.
Resin kits are the most popular type of kits on the market today.
All resin kit features ape-man in full gear with rifle raised overhead, on horseback.
All resin kit is approx.
All resin kits come with cast resin and metal parts, photo-etched brass set and decals.
Resin blend clear liquid.
Resin carves easily and prints well.
Resin cover and stand.
Resin exudes from the cones, and after some years the scales fall away from the axis.
Resin fills cracks.
Resin flows from sources.
Resin has natural sheen.
Resin has sheen.
Resin has use.
Resin is an organic compound
Resin is located in ink.
Resin is located in wood.
Resin is organic compounds.
Resin is organic matter.
Resin isa compound.
Resin penetrates into the demineralized dentin to form a mechanical bond.
Resin reduces transpiration.
Resin replica with clear plastic type tube at the top and replica holster.
Resin retains sheen.
Resin start problems.
Resin tends to be a more expensive printing medium.
Resin tends to gum up blades and cutting tools.
Resin undergoes chemical reaction.
Resin undergoes reaction.
Resins act as a preservative and make it harder for insects and fungi to break down the tree.
Resins are also soluble in alcohol , ether , and other organic solvent s.
Resins are automatically mixed and injected into tooling.
Resins are highly malleable but become rigid when cooled.
Resins are ingredients that add depth, gloss and hardness to the film of a nail polish.
Resins are liquids which turn into solids through a chemical reaction.
Resins are often the weak link in an organic coating system.
Resins are soluble in alcohol, ether, and many hydrocarbons but are insoluble in water.
Resins are the basic building blocks of architectural coatings.
Resins are the source of many traditional perfumes, including frankincense and myrrh.
Resins are used in the manufacturing of paints, oinments and varnishes.
Resins based on bisphenol-A are adequate for most services.
Resins can replace bismuth alloys in holding jigs for machining.
Resins can slow the progression of atherosclerotic lesions.
Resins cause cholesterol to be taken out of the blood and converted to bile.
Resins come either dry or preswollen.
Resins come to the surface of the pads and form a coating that affects braking ability.
Resins cure to a high-gloss finish and are easy to sand.
Resins make the film adhere to the nail bed.
Resins present a different problem, because they are soluble in alkyd paints.
Resins remove bile acids in the intestine before they get back into the blood stream.
Resins work by increasing the clearance of cholesterol-rich lipoproteins from the plasma.
Resins often flow over and capture small insects.
All resin components is of a thermoset type with graphite carbon resin used in critical areas.
All resins are insoluble in water , as distinguished from the water-soluble gums.
More resin is produced in tropical than in temperate climates.
More resin is spread on top until the glass fibre weave is covered.
Most resin fills cracks.
Most resin has natural sheen.
Most resin reduces transpiration.
Most resin retains sheen.
Most resins are available in railcars.
Most resins are hydrocarbon-like and burn.
Most resins are polymers.
Most resins are Polymers.
Most resins provide very good resistance to chemicals and corrosion.
Some resin absorbs potassium.
Some resin acts as electric insulators.
Some resin acts as insulators.
Some resin contains acid.
Some resin contains specimens.
Some resin has retention.
Some resin is produced by trees.
Some resin is synthesized from petroleum.
Some resin obtains from twigs.
Some resin passes through screens.
Some resin remains between the silver pommel cap and the wooden handle.
Some resins are difficult to clean.
Some resins are more susceptible to impact fusion.
Some resins are soluble in both alcohol and turpentine.
Some resins contain essential oils and are used in incense and aromatherapy .
A resinoid is plastic
Resinoids are plastic.
Resinoids are soluble in high-grade, odorless alcohols.
Resinoids range from liquids to solids.
Resinous deposits occur on the leaves and stems of grindelia species, and on yerba santa.
All resinous formulas are also suitable for incense bases.
Resistance band is unique because it can be used in virtually any place.
Resistance bands are great for so many reasons.
Resistance exercise helps build muscle.
Resistance exercise is crucial.
Resistance exercise is outlined with photos and simple exercise tips.
Resistance exercise is the most effective way to increase and maintain muscle strength.
Resistance exercise maintains skeletal muscle protein synthesis during bed rest.
Resistance exercise prevents sarcopenia during bed rest unloading.
Resistance exercise provides the stimulus for gains in muscle size and strength.
Resistance exercises are weight-lifting exercises.
Resistance exercises can lead to increased swelling and damage to the muscles and joints.
Resistance exercises generate muscle tension on the bones.
Resistance exercises help replace flab with muscle.
Resistance groups begin direct attacks on members of German occupying forces.
Resistance heating is achieved by passing electric current through a wire or coil.
Resistance level is the opposite of support level.
Resistance level listed is a percentage increase over hand resistance.
Resistance levels are pricing levels that a stock has trouble penetrating.
Resistance levels vary among the classes of wheat and among varieties within a class.
Resistance measurements send voltage into a circuit and check the amount returning.
Resistance measurements show that wires made with both techniques are electrically continuous.
Resistance mutations reveal the atovaquone-binding domain of cytochrome b in malaria parasites.
All resistance plasmids are nonconjugative.
Resistance prices are where previous rallies have stalled or market highs have occurred.
Resistance training builds physical strength.
Resistance training can .
Resistance training can also improve performance for a variety of sports.
Resistance training can contribute to both sarcoplasmic and myofibrillar fiber hypertrophy.
Resistance training can have a significant impact on the maintenance of independence in old age.
Resistance training can help increase lean muscle mass.
Resistance training can improve muscle mass, flexibility, enhance balance and improve joint health.
Resistance training can increase muscle bulk and strength.
Resistance training can slow or delay the onset of osteoporosis.
Resistance training causes a spike in testosterone level.
Resistance training creates muscles.
Resistance training does more than aid in weight control.
Resistance training does.
Resistance training has a role in both.
Resistance training helps to combat the loss of muscle.
Resistance training helps to strengthen skeletal muscle which in turns helps with everyday chores.
Resistance training helps, too.
Resistance training improves the performance of children in resistance exercises.
Resistance training improves walking endurance in at least two ways.
Resistance training increases the amount of the body's lean muscle tissue.
Resistance training is a component of boxing supplemental exercise.
Resistance training is an important factor to total fitness.
Resistance training is beneficial at any age.
Resistance training is beneficial to cyclists.
Resistance training is crucial to building strong bones.
Resistance training is effective regardless of the body segment under investigation.
Resistance training is essential to losing fat and gaining muscle.
Resistance training is exercise that develops the strength and endurance of large muscle groups.
Resistance training is no exception.
Resistance training is no longer just for the bodybuilder or power lifter.
Resistance training is one of man s finest discoveries.
Resistance training is the key to a healthier body and a longer, more productive life.
Resistance training leads to trauma or injury of the cellular proteins in muscle.
Resistance training reduces the acute exercise-induced increase in muscle protein turnover.
Resistance training requires a high level of desire and motivation.
Resistance training requires a lot of desire and motivation.
Resistance welding can provide sound welds with the least heat input compared to gas or arc welding.
Resistance welding includes spot, seam, projection, flash, and upset welding.
Resistance welding is at the top of the educational list for many companies.
Resistance accounts for the major share of total impedance at high frequency.
Resistance acts as a neutralizing force to the combined effect of supply and demand.
Resistance also creates heat and it has to be reduced to a controllable level.
Resistance also depends on temperature, usually increasing as the temperature increases.
Resistance also includes recognition.
Resistance alters motion.
Resistance appears related to tree phenology, leaf shape and size, and biochemical composition.
Resistance appears to be due to reduced penetration and increased metabolism of the compounds.
Resistance applies to the ability of a micro-organism to survive the effects of an antibiotic.
Resistance arises faster if antibiotics are overused.
Resistance arises for a number of reasons and enhanced repair of DNA lesions is an important factor.
Resistance arises from mutations.
Resistance arises from the fact that the membrane impedes the movement of charges across it.
Resistance arises when used as a single agent.
Resistance ask above any big bad voodoo daddy.
Resistance becomes a problem when bacteria causing a disease withstand antibiotic therapy.
Resistance becomes health problems.
Resistance becomes problems.
Resistance becomes serious problems.
Resistance becomes serious public health problems.
Resistance becomes serious public problems.
Resistance becomes too expensive when the price paid is losing the last hold on the outside.
Resistance begets persistance.
Resistance begins in other ghettos.
Resistance begins with suspension to prevent exhalation prior to the vocal attack during singing.
Resistance bounds for first-passage percolation and maximum flow.
Resistance can actually be productive in holding a shape on the body.
Resistance can also occur when patients are treated with too few drugs or the wrong ones.
Resistance can alternate with flow.
Resistance can be a cooperative process.
Resistance can be as international as capital itself.
Resistance can be both good and bad.
Resistance can bring moments of deep discouragement.
Resistance can cause heat and light Electrical resistance is essentially friction within the wire.
Resistance can develop against all anti-HIV drugs and drugs to treat opportunistic infections.
Resistance can develop quickly.
Resistance Can develop quickly.
Resistance can develop when pesticides are applied in sublethal doses.
Resistance can involve either salt tolerance or salt avoidance .
Resistance can persist for a week to many weeks.
Resistance can take many forms.
Resistance can take weeks to months to evolve.
Resistance can work.
Resistance causes damage.
Resistance causes discomfort.
Resistance causes electric current to lose energy in the form of heat.
Resistance causes electricity to generate heat as it flows through a conductor.
Resistance causes friction , which in turn produces heat .
Resistance causes friction, which in turn produces heat.
Resistance causes friction.
Resistance causes increased heat in the wire.
Resistance causes loss.
Resistance causes Pain.
Resistance certainly appears to be futile.
Resistance changes with temperature for molybdenum disilicide and tungsten heaters.
Resistance clogs awareness and conceals the desires highlighted by the foreign element.
Resistance comes from Pharaoh.
Resistance comes from some older pastors and even some older missionaries.
Resistance comes from the larger and more powerful Budapest universities protecting their status.
Resistance comes in the form of opposing gang members and police.
Resistance comes more from the workers than from their managers.
Resistance continues among many in business.
Resistance continues in many areas.
Resistance creates persistence.
Resistance creates power.
Resistance creates pressure.
Resistance defines that level where sellers are too strong to allow price to rise further.
Resistance denotes the restrictions that try to slow down or stop the flow.
Resistance depends on length.
Resistance depends on location.
Resistance depends on shapes.
Resistance depends on the material through which the electricity is passing.
Resistance develops because individual varroa mites differ in their tolerance to a given miticide.
Resistance develops in the cattle due to that antibiotic.
Resistance develops more quickly if viral load is still detectable while using treatment.
Resistance develops more quickly where a large population of parasites are exposed to drug pressure.
Resistance develops rapidly and bone marrow suppression has been reported as a possible side effect.
Resistance develops rapidly when used alone .
Resistance develops rapidly when used alone.
Resistance directly affects the time required to charge a capacitor.
Resistance dissipates energy.
Resistance does develop to the efficacy of primaquine.
Resistance does vary among hybrids, however no hybrid is immune to the disease.
Resistance driven by a quiet belt drive magnetic flywheel.
Resistance emerges when the drug is used alone.
Resistance emerges with single drug use.
Resistance exercises contribute to the increase in metabolism by increasing muscle mass.
Resistance exercises such as weight lifting are also important.
Resistance exercises such as weight lifting can help build up muscle tissue.
Resistance exercises that isolate the quadriceps and hamstrings are crucial.
Resistance exercises use muscular strength to improve muscle mass and strengthen bone.
Resistance exercises, such as weight lifting, increase muscle size and strength.
Resistance finds a release as a voilent uprising rocks the schooner.
Resistance generally increases with increasing temperature.
Resistance generates heat and occasionally light, and is measured in Ohms.
Resistance gives rise to re-flection.
Resistance grows daily.
Resistance grows to massive buying.
Resistance happens fast.
Resistance has a long history of breaking down over time.
Resistance has an enormous impact worldwide on control of crop pests and vectors of human disease.
Resistance has dominant inheritance patterns.
Resistance has dominant patterns.
Resistance has effects.
Resistance has inheritance patterns.
Resistance has little effects.
Resistance has motion.
Resistance has no reference other than itself, and oppression.
Resistance has patterns.
Resistance has serious effects.
Resistance hints wheels fastest cub scouts race graphite race.
Resistance hits the streets.
Resistance imparts partial immunity.
Resistance impedes the flow of current.
Resistance increases as elements age.
Resistance increases as temperature increases.
Resistance increases consciousness and ease lessens it.
Resistance increases gradually, and the barrier can be easily sprung.
Resistance indicates the lack of rapport.
Resistance infers another state which is sensitive.
Resistance inhibits the amount of current running along the circuit.
Resistance involves countless numbers of people.
Resistance involves movement.
Resistance is a bit like inertia in mechanics.
Resistance is a buying signal - welcome it.
Resistance is a civilized means to oppose an unacceptable stance, conduct or doctrine.
Resistance is a factor that opposes the flow of electricity.
Resistance is a function of length.
Resistance is a function of time of exposure to drugs in the face of ongoing replication.
Resistance is a function of wire size and wire length.
Resistance is a key concept.
Resistance is a measure of a material's ability to oppose the flow of electricity.
Resistance is a natural human barrier to change that was encountered throughout our employees.
Resistance is a natural part of change.
Resistance is a natural phenomenon perhaps as old as bacterium themselves.
Resistance is a natural result of the ability of bacterial cells to adapt.
Resistance is a perfectly normal reaction in humans.
Resistance is a powerful exploration of emotion at odds with commitment.
Resistance is a problematic subject for one determined to refuse enclosure and division.
Resistance is a property of all practical circuits to some degree.
Resistance is a property of materials.
Resistance is a rare, recessive trait that carries significant genetic fitness costs.
Resistance is a science.
Resistance is a signal to change strategies.
Resistance is a special kind of impedance.
Resistance is a threat with iprodione, thiophanate-methyl, and vinclozolin.
Resistance is a threat with thiophanate-methyl.
Resistance is a threat.
Resistance is a well-understood phenomenon.
Resistance is achieved by keeping the shoulder, wrist and elbow firm.
Resistance is actions.
Resistance is adjustable in any desired increment within a predetermined range.
Resistance is also a function of the type of material of which the conductor is made.
Resistance is also common in many other crops, including cotton and apples.
Resistance is also less of a problem with biorationals.
Resistance is also useful in things like transistor radios and TV sets.
Resistance is altered by subjecting the recipient animal to non-lethal, low doses of radiation.
Resistance is an action
Resistance is an effective and economical disease control tool.
Resistance is an emotional process.
Resistance is an important part of the electrical equation.
Resistance is an overhead source of supply of stock to sell triggered by an area of prior purchases.
Resistance is analogous to extricating oneself from an abusive relationship.
Resistance is another issue inherent to going online.
Resistance is any force that slows or stops movement.
Resistance is any force that tends to oppose or retard motion.
Resistance is anything that causes an opposition to the flow of electricity in a circuit.
Resistance is anything that slow or stops movement or keeps movement from happening.
Resistance is anything that tries to stop or slow down the electricity.
Resistance is applied by placing Olympic plates on weight horns on the machine's movement arms.
Resistance is as transnational as capital.
Resistance is associated with past pesticide use patterns.
Resistance is available for watermelons and cucumbers.
Resistance is available in cucumbers.
Resistance is available in muskmelon, cucumber, summer squash, and pumpkin.
Resistance is available to most garden diseases but few insects.
Resistance is based on cephalosporinase production.
Resistance is based on the current hydrostatic balance condition.
Resistance is based upon an incident during World War II in a small Belgian town.
Resistance is basically a manifestation of a fear related to uncovering unconscious material.
Resistance is basically a measure of how much resistance opposes an electric current.
Resistance is because there is occupation.
Resistance is both possible and necessary.
Resistance is bound to arise.
Resistance is capability.
Resistance is caused by eating too much carbohydrate and by a lack of essential nutrients.
Resistance is caused by electrons bumping into ions.
Resistance is caused by misuse of products.
Resistance is caused by the scattering of valence electrons due to impurities in the metal.
Resistance is collective.
Resistance is common among older population who are often embarrassed to discuss.
Resistance is crushed without mercy.
Resistance is defined as a force that works against the muscle making it work harder.
Resistance is dependent on length and conductor cross section.
Resistance is determined by radius of the tube.
Resistance is determined by resistivity and geometrical factors.
Resistance is directly proportional to resistivity.
Resistance is directly proportional to the length of a cylindrical resistor.
Resistance is disguised as apathy.
Resistance is due to inefficient fumigation practices such as inadequate sealing of the bin.
Resistance is effective in both the seedling and the mature plant.
Resistance is either from a recrudescence or recurrences.
Resistance is either lawful or unlawful.
Resistance is equal to voltage divided by amperes.
Resistance is essential and it makes a difference.
Resistance is essential for a good dance team.
Resistance is essential, but resistance alone is also a losing strategy.
Resistance is essential.
Resistance is examined without judgment.
Resistance is experienced by many organizations.
Resistance is facile is our current editorial policy.
Resistance is factored from dividing calls by puts at strike levels above current closing price.
Resistance is febrile.
Resistance is fertile.
Resistance is Fertile.
Resistance is feudal.
Resistance is fierce and often seems to be against all odds.
Resistance is fierce.
Resistance is floor tile.
Resistance is formidable.
Resistance is frustrating.
Resistance is fungal.
Resistance is futile - again.
Resistance is futile .
Resistance is futile for all human distinctiveness.
Resistance is futile, and stuff.
Resistance is futile, as they say on 'Star Trek'.
Resistance is futile, as they say.
Resistance is futile, but there is a hitch.
Resistance is futile, earthling.
Resistance is futile, prepare to be enturbulated, yadada, yadada.
Resistance is futile.
Resistance IS futile.
Resistance is given in units of ohms.
Resistance is global THE revolt against capitalism is gathering pace.
Resistance is good.
Resistance is Good.
Resistance is group actions.
Resistance is how difficult it is for electricity to flow through something.
Resistance is immediate.
Resistance is impacted by viscosity, airway length and diameter of airways.
Resistance is impossible.
Resistance is in Ohms.
Resistance is in the mind.
Resistance is increased or decreased based on the position of the joystick.
Resistance is indeed futile.
Resistance is independent of frequency and is the cause of damping in free vibration.
Resistance is inevitable.
Resistance is inherited as a single dominant gene.
Resistance is interpreted as evidence of racial deficiencies.
Resistance is inversely proportional to lung volume.
Resistance is inversely proportional to the cross-sectional area of a cylindrical resistor.
Resistance is inversely proportional to total body water through which the current travels.
Resistance is just overhead.
Resistance is just plain stupid.
Resistance is largely a result of pesticide overuse.
Resistance is left standing in the dust.
Resistance is life.
Resistance is like an obstruction in the pipe.
Resistance is like pouring oil on a fire.
Resistance is likely to be great.
Resistance is likely to develop.
Resistance is likely to spread rapidly from just a few areas.
Resistance is likely.
Resistance is material's opposition to the conduction of electric flow.
Resistance is measured by injecting a current and measuring the voltage.
Resistance is measured by the ohm.
Resistance is measured in ohms.
Resistance is measured in Ohms.
Resistance is measured in units called ohms .
Resistance is measured in units called ohms.
Resistance is measured using a ratiometric constant-current bridge technique.
Resistance is measured using each electrode independently.
Resistance is military actions.
Resistance is necessary.
Resistance is never in a position of exteriority in relation to power.
Resistance is no use.
Resistance is normal - predictable.
Resistance is normal or near normal as is anatomic dead space.
Resistance is normal.
Resistance is obtained in the number of repetitions to be done.
Resistance is one factor that contributes to signal attenuation.
Resistance is one factor.
Resistance is overcome and resistors are punished.
Resistance is painful, it is indeed the origin of suffering.
Resistance is particularly ugly.
Resistance is plasmid mediated.
Resistance is polygenic and there are some varieties with good white mold resistance.
Resistance is polygenic.
Resistance is possible, therefore alternate with other materials.
Resistance is possible.
Resistance is present and persistent.
Resistance is produced by the chute, the lines, the craft and pilot.
Resistance is progressive, evolving from low levels through intermediate to high levels.
Resistance is provided by a computer-controlled magnetic brake.
Resistance is provided by nothing more sophisticated and intimidating than elastic tubing.
Resistance is public and political, It confronts the bloody face of militarism and money.
Resistance is puerile.
Resistance is rapid.
Resistance is rare and slow to develop.
Resistance is rare.
Resistance is required.
Resistance is rewarded with disappearance, rape, torture, arrest or murder.
Resistance is silly.
Resistance is similar in many respects to mechanical friction.
Resistance is slow to develop to kanamycin.
Resistance is sometimes desirable and sometimes undesirable.
Resistance is somewhat low.
Resistance is still futile.
Resistance is still our best weapon to face Israeli aggression.
Resistance is still possible.
Resistance is strong in a various kind. . . .
Resistance is sure to come.
Resistance is suspected.
Resistance is taxable.
Resistance is terrorism.
Resistance is that which 'resists' the flow of electrons.
Resistance is the ability to fight with whatever one has, in whatever way possible.
Resistance is the ability to stop or slow the flow of electrical current.
Resistance is the answer.
Resistance is the capability of a system to deter attacks.
Resistance is the capability of a system to repel attacks.
Resistance is the hindrance to the flow of charge.
Resistance is the impedance to flow.
Resistance is the key.
Resistance is the main reaction to change.
Resistance is the measure of energy gain to electrons from collisions with the lattice.
Resistance is the measure of how easy it is for current to flow through a circuit.
Resistance is the name of the game when it comes to disease.
Resistance is the only correct option to reach the goals.
Resistance is the only practical means of control, but tolerant varieties are available.
Resistance is the opposition that a substance offers to the flow of electric current .
Resistance is the opposition to electric current by a material or device.
Resistance is the opposition to electrical current.
Resistance is the primary reason why so many fail.
Resistance is the property of a solution to oppose transmission of heat or electricity.
Resistance is the ratio of voltage to current.
Resistance is the reciprocal of conductance.
Resistance is the restriction of current .
Resistance is the restriction of current.
Resistance is the restriction to current's flow.
Resistance is the result of inflexibility on the part of the communicator.
Resistance is the retarding force in a material that impedes the flow of current.
Resistance is the source of energy for systems change.
Resistance is the stopping a substace gives to the flow of an electric current.
Resistance is the tendency of an element to prevent the passage of current through the element.
Resistance is the top of the consolidation and support is the bottom.
Resistance is the unconscious process that opposes psychic change.
Resistance is the wire's opposition to having a current flow through it.
Resistance is thought to result mainly from a genetic mutation.
Resistance is thought to result mainly from genetic mutation.
Resistance is thought to result usually from a genetic mutation .
Resistance is thought to result usually from a genetic mutation.
Resistance is thought transformed into feeling.
Resistance is tied to the fixed capital invested in incinerators.
Resistance is useless, earthling.
Resistance is useless.
Resistance is usually a function of continued exposure of the virus to a drug.
Resistance is usually a mesh or series of small tubes in a large area to limit turbulence.
Resistance is usually a previous peak.
Resistance is usually due to changes in viral genes, called mutations.
Resistance is usually polygenic.
Resistance is very variable.
Resistance is viewed as treason.
Resistance is what prevents change from occurring.
Resistance is, and always has been, futile.
Resistance is, simply, life adapting.
Resistance is, strictly speaking, a constant.
Resistance is, well, futile.
Resistance isa phenomenon.
Resistance just means the seed has a stronger immunity to disease.
Resistance leads to rebellions in South Carolina and New York.
Resistance limits current flow, and decreasing it increases current flow.
Resistance limits infection and retards fungus growth and spore formation.
Resistance makes for strength.
Resistance makes treatment much more difficult and sometimes ineffective altogether.
Resistance means all of that.
Resistance means how well something can resist an electrical current, and is reported in ohms.
Resistance means that some of the virus stops responding to the drugs.
Resistance means to stop something.
Resistance needs to be respected by the therapist.
Resistance never succeeds in true sense.
Resistance occurs as the electrons move and they strike each other and the atoms, losing energy.
Resistance occurs because change is perceived as a threat to our core belief system.
Resistance occurs because the virus makes mistakes when it reproduces.
Resistance occurs gradually after the first few months of use.
Resistance occurs in weed populations by naturally-occurring mutations.
Resistance occurs particularly when insecticides are used repeatedly and at high concentrations.
Resistance occurs when a pesticide manages to kill all but the resistant strains of an insect.
Resistance occurs when a target adapts to circumvent a particular control strategy.
Resistance occurs when certain changes in the virus make it less sensitive to a drug.
Resistance occurs when certain mutations in the virus make it less sensitive to a drug.
Resistance occurs when the virus is no longer sensitive to the treatment.
Resistance occurs with chronic use.
Resistance opposes an applied force or consumes the impetus of a moving object.
Resistance prevents or opposes a lateral displacement of the horses hindquarters.
Resistance probably comes from the more comfortable middle and higher ranks of the professoriate.
Resistance produces heat.
Resistance produces poisonous toxins in the glands which undermune the health.
Resistance proves irrelevant.
Resistance provides protection.
Resistance provides the energy needed for the process of transformation.
Resistance puts unnecessary stress and strain on the body.
Resistance really is futile.
Resistance refers the amount of weight used.
Resistance remains strong in official circles.
Resistance remains virulent.
Resistance requires resources.
Resistance results in a heavy price.
Resistance results in half damage.
Resistance seems to be defined as a combination of both local resistances and transversal struggles.
Resistance signifies that important unconscious material is coming to the fore.
Resistance skills Young person can resist negative peer pressure and dangerous situations.
Resistance spreads as new formulations are developed within existing classes.
Resistance starts when have to convert it into language.
Resistance stretching involves forcefully working muscles in a stretch position.
Resistance sweep Chapter over many wine underneath either cake.
Resistance takes many forms.
Resistance tends to develop by class rather than by individual product.
Resistance tends to take a certain behavioral form.
Resistance then results from collisions of electrons with other electrons and with atoms.
Resistance varies according to variety.
Resistance varies from farm to farm.
Resistance varies from tree to tree.
Resistance varies greatly, depending on the type of material through which the current is flowing.
Resistance varies inversely as line width increases.
Resistance varies proportionately with part size.
Resistance works the same way, but on the upside.
Resistances can vary, fluorescent red tubes are slightly heavier than fluorescent orange tubes.
Resistance always has meaning.
Resistance always interferes with freedom of thought and action.
Resistance often accompanies the presentation of the gospel.
Resistance often derails necessary change.
Resistance often starts when it's too late - when the effects of free trade start to sink in.
Resistance sometimes comes from unexpected quarters.
Resistance usually arises because of a mutation of the virus.
Resistance usually depends on decreased levels of pyrazinamidase activity.
All resistance is crushed by the demonic power of the invaders.
All resistance is futile.
All resistances are in Ohms.
All resistances below are equal to .
Any resistance create pain, anguish and illness.
Any resistance is meet by beatings with wooden bats.
Any resistance is met with beating, kicking, shooting, and arrest.
Any resistance is met with threats of being burned alive.
Any resistance is resistance.
Any resistance leads to instantaneous death of the tormented and harassment for the family members.
Every resistance is itself divided into parts resisting one another.
More resistance results in less current flow.
Most resistance becomes health problems.
Most resistance becomes problems.
Most resistance becomes serious problems.
Most resistance becomes serious public health problems.
Most resistance becomes serious public problems.
Most resistance causes damage.
Most resistance causes friction.
Most resistance depends on length.
Most resistance depends on shapes.
Most resistance dissipates energy.
Most resistance has dominant inheritance patterns.
Most resistance has dominant patterns.
Most resistance has effects.
Most resistance has inheritance patterns.
Most resistance has little effects.
Most resistance has motion.
Most resistance has patterns.
Most resistance has serious effects.
Most resistance involves movement.
Most resistance is rooted in fear.
Most resistance produces heat.
Most resistance provides protection.
Much resistance has to be broken down to get their presence accepted.
Some resistance becomes power supply voltage.
Some resistance becomes voltage.
Some resistance causes electrical energy.
Some resistance causes energy.
Some resistance causes kinetic energy.
Some resistance comes from seeds.
Some resistance creates forces.
Some resistance depends on temperature.
Some resistance develops, especially to ascarids, when horses reach two or three years of age.
Some resistance explains distribution patterns.
Some resistance explains patterns.
Some resistance has ability.
Some resistance has components.
Some resistance has dimensions.
Some resistance has impact.
Some resistance has major components.
Some resistance has physical dimensions.
Some resistance includes products.
Some resistance is a natural result of the risers trying to hold the engine level.
Some resistance is available but susceptibility is still widespread.
Some resistance is available.
Some resistance is still evident, however.
Some resistance leads to diseases.
Some resistance leads to identification.
Some resistance occurs at same time.
Some resistance occurs at time.
Some resistance opposes motion.
Some resistance opposes upward motion.
Some resistance prevents outbreaks.
Some resistance produces acid urine.
Some resistance produces urine.
Some resistance provides food.
Some resistance remains, though.
Some resistance results in heat.
Resistant bacteria are hard to treat and can cause serious problems and even death.
Resistant bacteria are on the rise in Washington, according to state health officials.
Resistant bacteria arise through a process called natural selection.
Resistant bacteria become dominant through competitive selection.
Resistant bacteria can develop in an individual, hospital or community.
Resistant bacteria develop a variety of mechanisms to dodge the antibiotic bullet.
Resistant bacteria develop because of overuse and misuse of antibiotics.
Resistant bacteria develop when antibiotics are used too often or incorrectly.
Resistant bacteria emerge because of overuse and misuse of antibiotics.
Resistant bacteria evolve as a result of using antibiotics.
Resistant bacteria gain defense mechanisms by borrowing genetic material from other bacteria.
Resistant bacteria multiply when non-resistant bacteria die.
Resistant bacteria pose an ever-increasing threat.
Most resistant bacteria can produce substances which destroy the antibiotic.
Some resistant bacteria cause damage.
Resistant bacteria to cause diseases.
Resistant bugs bite back.
Resistant cases require treatment with intravenous foscarnet sodium or vidarabine.
Some resistant cases require additional medicine.
Resistant cells grow more slowly than susceptible ones.
Resistant cells grow, forming a bacterial colony.
Some resistant containers are made of plastic.
Some resistant crops rely on irrigation.
Resistant cultivars appear to be the best means of reducing the severity of spotblotch.
Resistant cultivars are an important part of the grower's program of disease management.
Resistant cultivars are available for most of the diseases and nematodes listed.
Resistant cultivars are available in some cases.
Resistant cultivars are available.
Resistant cultivars are essentially nonexistent, but there are people working towards that goal.
Resistant cultivars are resistant to only certain races.
Resistant cultivars are the best means of controlling ascochyta blight.
Resistant cultivars keep the disease under control.
Some resistant cultivars are available.
Resistant cysts are formed readily if conditions change.
Resistant germ causes infection.
Resistant germ causes skin infection.
Most resistant germ causes infection.
Most resistant germ causes skin infection.
Resistant hybrids are the best method of control.
Many resistant hybrids are available.
Resistant learners are resistant for many reasons.
Resistant lines appear to have excellent yield potential as well.
Resistant lines have been developed is also available.
Some resistant lines show few or no symptoms of Fiji disease, whilst others express some galls.
Resistant microbes can spread easily from person to person.
Resistant organisms develop easily with partial usage.
Resistant parasites seem unable to produce haemozoin, but they are still able to digest haemoglobin.
More resistant patches remain as elevated outcrops.
More resistant patients cost a few thousand dollars.
Resistant people can in fact really hold a practice back.
Resistant plant strains.
Resistant plants are available.
Resistant plants are usually resistant to many times the normal herbicide rate.
Resistant plants can metabolize or break down atrazine to compounds less toxic to plants.
Resistant plants develop necrotic tan lesions.
Resistant plants show no mottling.
Resistant plants show no reaction or a glossy spot where inoculum was applied.
Resistant plants survive, go to seed, and create new generations of herbicide-resistant weeds.
Resistant rats are less fit if there is no pesticide present, so the allele rapidly disappears.
More resistant rock tends to form uplands and ridges while weaker rock forms lowlands and valleys.
More resistant rocks remain at the surface and form ridges or hills.
Resistant rootstocks are also available for plums.
Resistant rootstocks are still important in preventing damage by the grape phylloxera.
Resistant rootstocks have a hypersensitive reaction to the virus.
Resistant shallots are also available.
Resistant staph is found more often in community.
Resistant starch is also important in bowel health.
Resistant starch is starch that escapes digestion in the small intestine of healthy individuals.
Some resistant starches promote fat oxidation.
Some resistant starches promote oxidation.
Resistant strains display variable gradations of resistance.
Resistant strains fail to develop to silver like they do with antibiotics.
Resistant strains fail to develop, Moreover, silver is virtually non-toxic.
Resistant strains fail to develop.
Resistant strains threaten medicine's ability to treat human disease.
Resistant trees exhibit a classic hypersensitivity response .
Resistant trees have bark.
Resistant trees have smooth bark.
Most resistant trees have bark.
Most resistant trees have smooth bark.
Some resistant trees grow on mountainsides.
Some resistant tuberculosis affects growth.
Resistant varieties are also available.
Resistant varieties are an effective means of control.
Resistant varieties are available .
Resistant varieties are available for a few plants including cucumber, corn, carnation, and potato.
Resistant varieties are available in seed catalogs and at garden centers.
Resistant varieties are available.
Resistant varieties are important for control due to the limited options available to homeowners.
Resistant varieties are now available in limited supply.
Resistant varieties are the best and most economical means of control.
Resistant varieties are the best method of control.
Resistant varieties are the best method of disease control.
Resistant varieties are the best way to manage scab, especially for ornamental crabapples.
Resistant varieties are the most practical control measure.
Resistant varieties are the only control option.
Resistant varieties are the only means of control.
Resistant varieties can be helpful.
Resistant varieties have the indirect benefits of maintaining plant health and stand persistence.
Resistant varieties offer hope for some types.
Resistant varieties offer the best means of control.
Resistant varieties react differently to infection than susceptible varieties.
Resistant varieties resist infection by a particular disease agent and show little or no disease.
Resistant varieties using both conventional and transgenic methods are available for squash.
Many resistant varieties are available.
Most resistant varieties contain only one source of resistance.
Some resistant varieties are available.
Resistant virus develops in the face of drug pressure.
A resister is a person
Resisters are active critics of new innovations and are the last to adopt.
Resisters avoid technology.
Resisters personalize the problems they have with technology.
Resisters see only the risks.
Many resisters conclude that the positive consequences outweigh the negative.
Some Resisters commit themselves to living on an income that is too low to be taxed.
Resistive connections are a particular problem when the sensor is of the analog type.
Resistive exercise is an important component of any fitness program.
Resistive institutions tend to be three or more generations behind the pace setters.
Resistive load sweep with fixed nonlinear parallel load.
Resistive sensor requires external circuitry.
Resistive sensors can withstand a wide variety of contaminates for varying periods of time.
Resistive training decreases insulin resistance in healthy older men.
Resistivity logging is an important branch of well logging.
Resistivity surveys measure the ability of a volume of soil to conduct an electrical current.
Resistivity allows changes in soil layering, including depths to anomalous areas, to be identified.
Resistivity can be in the realm of stainless steel.
Resistivity increases with air saturation.
Resistivity is a measure of how strongly a material opposes the flow of electric current .
Resistivity is a method used to identify underlying deposits without excavation.
Resistivity is an electrical phenomenon
Resistivity is an intrinsic property of a material.
Resistivity is an intrinsic property of the material.
Resistivity is calculated using user entered electrode distances.
Resistivity is temperature dependent.
Resistivity is the measure of a material's effectiveness in resisting current flow.
Resistivity is the property of a material that resists the flow of electrical current.
Resistivity is the reciprocal of conductivity .
Resistivity is the reciprocal of conductivity.
Resistivity refers to the ability of substances to resist current flow.
A resistor is an electrical device
Resistor gives off heat.
Resistor isa device.
Resistors also have a wattage rating that determines how much power they can handle.
Resistors are Bad.
Resistors are basic components used to control the electrical current flow around a circuit board.
Resistors are color coded.
Resistors are common in electrical circuits.
Resistors are components that resist the flow of electrical current.
Resistors are devises that provide precise amounts of opposition or resistance to current flow.
Resistors are electrical components, which reduce the amount of voltage flowing through a circuit.
Resistors are electrical components.
Resistors are electrical devices.
Resistors are electronic components used extensively on the circuit boards of electronic equipment.
Resistors are in parallel if they support the same potential difference.
Resistors are in series if they carry necessarily the same current.
Resistors are made of materials.
Resistors are metal film and oxide, with a few wirewounds.
Resistors are non-polarized which simply means it doesn t matter which end goes where.
Resistors are of a heat sink design for heat dissipation.
Resistors are one of the most widely used components in circuits.
Resistors are part of circuits.
Resistors are sensitive to corrosion and can display inaccurate values.
Resistors are small .
Resistors are the cheapest part of the circuit, and they are sloppiest.
Resistors are the simplest and most common circuit component.
Resistors are used to increase resistance in the circuit so it slows down the current .
Resistors are used to increase resistance in the circuit so it slows down the current.
Resistors are used to limit the current when the motor starts.
Resistors are very common in electric circuits.
Resistors are very important in circuits.
Resistors are, as are capacitors, connected together in many ways.
Resistors can have values from less than one ohm up to many millions of ohms.
Resistors change resistance.
Resistors come in all different shapes and sizes.
Resistors convert electrical energy.
Resistors convert energy.
Resistors ensure low amperage draw.
Resistors function like sponges in the water pipes i.e. they restrict the flow of electrons.
Resistors generate heat.
Resistors get hot when they are working because they exert control by converting power to heat.
Resistors have (part) sections.
Resistors have a maximum power rating.
Resistors have a wattage rating.
Resistors have different values of resistance.
Resistors have the tendency to hinder the flow of charge within electric circuits.
Resistors have voltage.
Resistors help solve the problem of voltage pressure by policing the processes.
Resistors limit current.
Resistors offer a specified amount of resistance to current, and capacitors store electric charge.
Resistors reduce the flow of a charge.
Resistors restrict current flow through a circuit.
Resistors take electrical energy and convert it to heat.
Resistors often look like tiny painted cans with two wires, one at each end.
All resistors have a value.
Most resistors are colour coded to indicate their value and tolerance.
Most resistors are made of materials.
Most resistors change resistance.
Most resistors convert electrical energy.
Most resistors convert energy.
Most resistors have three coloured bands close together at one end and one single band at the other.
Most resistors have voltage.
Most resistors used in electronics today are carbon resistors .
Most resistors used in electronics today are carbon resistors.
Some resistors are part of bridges.
Some resistors are part of cellphones.
Some resistors are part of circuits.
Some resistors are part of clippers.
Some resistors are part of computers.
Some resistors are part of laptops.
Some resistors are part of modems.
Some resistors are part of phones.
Some resistors are part of processors.
Some resistors are part of receivers.
Some resistors are part of stereos.
Some resistors are part of telephones.
Some resistors are part of tellies.
Some resistors are part of tv.
Some resistors change in value when exposed to light.
Some resistors have bands.
Some resistors have energy.
Some resistors have the ohmic value and tolerance printed right on the side of the resistor itself.
Some resistors show in diagrams.
Some resistors use graphite.
Resizeable frames allow convenient simultaneous viewing of the tutorial and data.
Resold accounts are for end users only.
All resold accounts are subject to the same terms and conditions as regular accounts.
All resold accounts have no setup fee, howveer.
Resold clients can exist across geo-graphical boundaries.
Resold lemons cause headaches, and heartaches, when they masquerade as new cars.
Resoleable construction guarantees a long term relationship and eases stress on the environment.
Resolution images provide insight.
Resolution images show patterns.
Resolution independence is resolution independence, after all.
Resolution Island is one such site.
Resolution of disputes is the full responsibility of the involved parties.
Resolution also apply to computers' screens.
Resolution arises from conflict.
Resolution asks the company to publish a report on employee ownership.
Resolution authorizes the preparation of specifications.
Resolution based mediation is essentially what military law and cooperative internal policy runs on.
Resolution becomes less important than the actual pixel dimensions of the image.
Resolution becomes much more difficult.
Resolution can also decrease with excessive time, due to gradient drift.
Resolution can also refer to the number of bits per pixel.
Resolution can be a renewal of passions.
Resolution can be different horizontally and vertically.
Resolution can be finer if climatic inputresolution is finer.
Resolution can be specified in many forms, so please be careful when evaluating specifications.
Resolution can occur very quickly.
Resolution can occur within days of filing a complaint or years.
Resolution can take many forms, from changing the file's attributes to file restoration.
Resolution comes by way of two deciding factors.
Resolution comes from having some type of perspective.
Resolution comes in an unexpected way.
Resolution completes the cycle and reverses the responses of earlier stages.
Resolution comprises negotiation and compromise.
Resolution controls the number of intermediate node points.
Resolution currently focuses on the diagnosis of infection, inflammation and psychiatric disorders.
Resolution declaring the structures are unsecured.
Resolution decreases with increasing temperature due to increased diffusion.
Resolution defines the distance at which objects can be seen and identified.
Resolution Depends on graphics card.
Resolution depends on Merlin s explicit recognition of vulnerability.
Resolution Depends on monitor.
Resolution depends on the quality of the objective lens.
Resolution depends on the wavelength and numerical aperture.
Resolution depends primarily on the diameter of the source.
Resolution describes how the conflict is now resolved.
Resolution Determines how clear and detailed the image is.
Resolution determines the ability to see fine details in the measurement.
Resolution determines the amount of ink used to create a single dot.
Resolution determines the photo's clarity.
Resolution determines the quality of a printed page.
Resolution determines the size of the image.
Resolution differs essentially from rescission.
Resolution Directly related to the size of the monitor is resolution.
Resolution Enter the desired image resolution here.
Resolution feels great.
Resolution First verify that the dynamic link library is present on the computer.
Resolution gives the crystal diffraction limit.
Resolution gives the linear dimension of each data cell in the reference units for the raster grid.
Resolution goes down only to the state level.
Resolution has a major effect on the number of bytes generated when scanning.
Resolution has a popular meaning but is best defined in a technical sense.
Resolution has dots.
Resolution has no enemies.
Resolution here refers to color resolution or bit depth.
Resolution Immediately following orgasm comes the resolution phase.
Resolution implies conflict and vice versa.
Resolution improves with larger sensor area, reduced bandwidth and smaller range.
Resolution improves with larger sensor area, reduced bandwidth, and smaller range.
Resolution improves with larger sensor areas, reduced bandwidth and smaller ranges.
Resolution increases with increasing frequency.
Resolution indicates how much of an image can be seen without scrolling the picture.
Resolution Indicates the number of dots that make up an image on a screen or printer.
Resolution Install a new heavy-duty headband.
Resolution integrates site design, content authoring, publishing, and site management functions.
Resolution is a broad process, moving through many states of consciousness.
Resolution is a challenge if regional climates are to be modeled correctly.
Resolution is a common occurrence after the building of tension.
Resolution is a critical component to obtain optimum results.
Resolution is a crucial specification when evaluating a digital camera.
Resolution is a decision procedure for propositional modal logics.
Resolution is a function of the programming method used.
Resolution is a function of the thickness of the slice illuminated by the X-ray beam.
Resolution is a measure of an imaging system's ability to reproduce object detail.
Resolution is a measure of how sharp an image is or the amount of detail included in the file.
Resolution is a measure of image quality.
Resolution is a measure of the smallest object that can be seen in an image.
Resolution is a measurement of clarity or detail.
Resolution is a measurement of how many pixels can fit on a screen.
Resolution is a measurement of the imaging system's ability to reproduce object detail.
Resolution is a measurement of the smallest detail that can be distinguished between two points.
Resolution is a more relevant issue than monitor size.
Resolution is a much more complex term in referral dentistry.
Resolution is a property of all detectors and is generally a way of measuring their quality.
Resolution is a qualitative expression of how much detail can be observed through a given telescope.
Resolution is a result of the combination of film type and the camera lens system.
Resolution is a software application used to create and maintain corporate minutes.
Resolution is a square root function of the theoretical plate number.
Resolution is a truly important part of graphics.
Resolution is a way of measuring the sharpness of a digital image.
Resolution is a way of measuring the sharpness of a photo.
Resolution is a Web content management systemf or Internet, intranet and extranet sites.
Resolution is about one degree.
Resolution is about twice that of videotape.
Resolution is accomplished by the parties rather than imposed by an adjudicator.
Resolution is achieved when all Leaders can express their feelings and state their needs.
Resolution is achieved when the person returns to a normal functional level.
Resolution is almost the double of that found on today's high-end television sets.
Resolution is also a parameter of laserprinters.
Resolution is also better when observing shorter rather than longer wavelengths.
Resolution is also lower.
Resolution is always a measure of how fine details can be resolved.
Resolution is always possible, reconciliation only sometimes.
Resolution is an automatic physical, cognitive and emotional sequencing process.
Resolution is an important instrument characteristic in astronomy.
Resolution is an indication of digital image quality, which is determined by the number of pixels.
Resolution is announced after consideration of the case has been completed.
Resolution is another term for the sharpness of an image.
Resolution is applied to two clauses in a sentence .
Resolution is approx.
Resolution is at the heart of the mission of peacefully resolving any conflict.
Resolution is based upon an in-depth analysis of the facts and case law.
Resolution is below broadcast standard but still takes nice video.
Resolution is better too.
Resolution is better.
Resolution is breakdowns.
Resolution is clearly higher on the nasal side of the retina, as predicted anatomically.
Resolution is concerned with getting from the name to an instance of the named object.
Resolution is constant in the second image.
Resolution is contingent upon the venture closeout and negotiation settlement.
Resolution is controlled by the gradient design.
Resolution is controlled by wavelength of the propagating electromagnetic wave in the ground.
Resolution is controlled completely by the hardware and the visitor.
Resolution is decisions.
Resolution is defined as a bunch of dots that are assigned or mapped to a given space.
Resolution is defined as the ability of a lens to distinguish between small objects.
Resolution is defined as the ability to distinguish between two closely spaced points.
Resolution is defined as the smallest move that can be made by a positioner.
Resolution is defined as the smallest reliable measurement that a system can make.
Resolution is defined in terms of seconds.
Resolution is determination.
Resolution is determined by the length of the mirror travel.
Resolution is determined by the number of pixels available to construct the image on the screen.
Resolution is documents.
Resolution is either pixels per inch or pixels per centimeter.
Resolution is essential.
Resolution is exceptional.
Resolution is expressed as the size of a pixel in terrain coverage.
Resolution is expressed in a number of different ways.
Resolution is expressed in pixels.
Resolution is expressed in terms of the number of pixels displayed horizontally and vertically.
Resolution is extracted to the fullest.
Resolution is extrordinary.
Resolution is far from imminent.
Resolution is first rate with little indication of over-enhancement.
Resolution is fully programmable resolution up to the stated maximum.
Resolution is gained by a forgiving nature.
Resolution is good, and many colors are possible.
Resolution is good.
Resolution is greatest near the surface in an attempt to model the rapid variations here.
Resolution is harder to understand.
Resolution is harmony.
Resolution is high enough to resolve the emission doublet.
Resolution is higher with stochastic halftones.
Resolution is iffy, controls are near non-existent and storage is minimal.
Resolution is ill defined.
Resolution is implemented for propositional logic and first order logic.
Resolution is important to monitor viewing and printer output.
Resolution is Important.
Resolution is in tenths of a second.
Resolution is in the eye of the participants.
Resolution is independant of monitor size.
Resolution is inversely proportional to the distance of two resolvable features.
Resolution is just as difficult and also depends on the visitors.
Resolution is just slightly lower than for semigloss paper.
Resolution is just the discrimination that the instrument can show.
Resolution is key Resolution is the number of dots per inch that make up a picture.
Resolution is limited by the decay length of the surface plasmon wave, as predicted.
Resolution is limited by the design of the interferometer.
Resolution is low to minimize download time.
Resolution is low.
Resolution is made through an improvising, the way conversation naturally takes place.
Resolution is mainly a function of the wavelength of the source with which objects are radiated.
Resolution is maintained by increasing the size of the image by a factor of four on both axes.
Resolution is maximized by the anamorphic treatment.
Resolution is measured as dots per inch or dpi .
Resolution is measured by a grid.
Resolution is measured by how many dots per inch, dpi, a scan captures.
Resolution is measured by the number of dots per line.
Resolution is measured in a number of ways, depending upon the medium used.
Resolution is measured in dots per inch.
Resolution is measured in pixels and dots - the more pixels, the sharper the image.
Resolution is measured in pixels or dots.
Resolution is measured in pixels which are simply colour dots that make up the picture.
Resolution is measured in pixels.
Resolution is measured in three ways, spatial, spectral, radiometricand temporal.
Resolution is measured in two ways.
Resolution is more of a staff directive.
Resolution is mostly sharp and image is free of unwanted noise.
Resolution is much less than for printed documents.
Resolution is near regarding the status of start-up funding for positions in the sciences.
Resolution is necessary for the child to grow and develop.
Resolution is noted as the horizontal pixels by the number of lines vertically.
Resolution is now subject to rapid devaluation.
Resolution is often a different story, but can actually be more important than size.
Resolution is often a painful process, because it requires open honesty.
Resolution is often the hardest part of the scanning process and is often miscalculated.
Resolution is one millisecond but can be five millisecond or more, depending on the machine.
Resolution is one millisecond.
Resolution is one of the main factors.
