Young kids can get on a swim team relatively early.
Young kids can get scared by something that seems innocuous.
Young kids can hold miniwalks, too.
Young kids can learn to associate slow moving vehicle emblems with dangerous equipment.
Young kids can play with help from an older child.
Young kids can test out their estimation skills without worrying about exact numbers.
Young kids can visit the castle and personalize the site with their favorite characters.
Young kids do it on their own.
Young kids do it, too.
Young kids do just fine.
Young kids don 't think about whether they're deaf or blind or anything.
Young kids grow up dreaming of pitching wedges instead of baseball bats.
Young kids have a lot of questions about dating, especially when they first hear about it.
Young kids have a very short attention span.
Young kids have capacity.
Young kids have their pagers, teens their phones and scientists their lap-tops.
Young kids keep changing their attitudes and preferences.
Young kids laugh all the time.
Young kids like to have a little distance from their parents.
Young kids love noise makers.
Young kids love to pretend to write letters even before they can read or write.
Young kids make mistakes.
Young kids pick it up quickly.
Young kids play an extremely important role in our lives.
Young kids relate well to the characters in stories.
Young kids ride the buses.
Young kids see the course as a big park to run and play in.
Young kids seem to have a lot of trouble learning to blow their noses.
Young kids start coming round the bus, tapping on the doors, shouting to come on.
Young kids take it seriously and teenagers see the humor in it.
Young kids tend to want to play one and two-minute spurts and then take one or two minutes off.
Young kids think they are omnipotent.
Young kids use inhalants because they are cheap and easy to get.
Young kids use people's faces as a way to recognize people.
Young kids watch a lot of TV and they are influenced by what they see.
All young kids do that.
Many young kids lack the verbal skills to deal with conflict and their own strong emotions.
Most young kids have capacity.
Some young kids love bug jars.
Some young kids run to see a dead body.
Young killdeer can be similar in size to Piping Plover, and also have only one ring.
Young killdeer look similar to adults, but their feathers have buff-colored edges.
Young kits tend to be nippy, but no more than a new kitten or puppy.
Young kittens are like baby humans, in a way.
Young kittens are more susceptible than adult cats.
Young kittens are most likely to be severely affected.
Young kittens are playful.
Young kittens are the most common carriers.
Young kittens are very susceptible to any germs that are floating around the shelter.
Young kittens drink milk.
Young kittens have low levels of a protein called neurofilaments while older cats have more.
Young kittens need milk.
Young kittens play using chasing and pouncing behaviors that seem to have their origin in predation.
Young kittens remain with mothers.
Young kittens to eat food.
Young kittens to eat solid food.
Most young kittens drink milk.
Most young kittens remain with mothers.
Young kiwi continue to grow slowly until they are about four years old.
Young kookaburras continue to live at home for about four years.
Young kookaburras help their parents to hunt and care for the smaller children .
Young kookaburras help their parents to hunt and care for the smaller children.
Young lad returns as a lout.
Young lads come into environments.
Young lads sweep, cook and tend fires.
Most young lads come into environments.
A young lady is a woman
Young ladies are welcome to write as penpals.
Young ladies can be an extended day camper or an overnight camper.
Young ladies don t use the restroom beside the road.
Young ladies flash their breasts, and sometimes more, in exchange for cheap beads.
Young ladies have the additional color option of navy.
Young ladies vow to use their endowed grace, beauty and charm to bring out the best in others.
Young ladybugs are little.
Young lambs are a grayish coloration with soft hooves and a black-brown tail.
Young lambs are also vulnerable to coccidia, especially during the stress of weaning.
Young lambs are in the fields, hares are on the fell and the daffodils are everywhere.
Young lambs are particularly susceptible and are likely to die.
Young lambs are particularly susceptible.
Young lampreys hatch after about a week of embryogenesis.
Young Langurs begin to sit and walk on their own after about two weeks.
Young larvae are bird-dropping mimics.
Young larvae are cream colored with black heads.
Young larvae are dark and resemble bird droppings.
Young larvae are dark colored with many transverse black, yellow, and white bands.
Young larvae are dark green and difficult to see.
Young larvae are greenish white, with black head and legs and black dots on the body.
Young larvae are greenish with a black head, the head turning orangish in the second instar.
Young larvae are gregarious and always feed in groups, principally on older needles.
Young larvae are gregarious, but become solitary as they mature.
Young larvae are legless and light yellow-green.
Young larvae are light green with a black head.
Young larvae are light green with black heads and are first seen at bud break.
Young larvae are more susceptible to the toxin than older larvae.
Young larvae are much more susceptible to the treatment than are older larvae.
Young larvae are nearly black and are covered with short, black hairs.
Young larvae are nearly white in color with numerous dark gray or black spots.
Young larvae are particularly light and buoyant because of their long hairs.
Young larvae are small and very difficult to find.
Young larvae are susceptible to insecticidal soaps and horticultural oils.
Young larvae are usually most susceptible.
Young larvae are very vulnerable to disease, but difficult to treat.
Young larvae are white and darken with age.
Young larvae are yellowish cream with black heads and faint greenish stripes along the body.
Young larvae are yellowish or yellowish green in color with a yellowish brown head capsule.
Young larvae begin feeding on scale tissue but as they mature, feed more on seeds.
Young larvae begin to construct a tent and enlarge the structure as they grow.
Young larvae chew small holes in leaves.
Young larvae construct hibernation sites on twigs or bark to spend the winter.
Young larvae consume only one side of the leaf, leaving a window-like appearance.
Young larvae crawl deep inside the whorl after hatching and eat small holes in the leaves.
Young larvae create narrow winding mines.
Young larvae feed along the surface of the fruit and leave a winding feeding scar on the surface.
Young larvae feed first on the leaf surfaces and later they eat all but the larger veins.
Young larvae feed gregariously and skeletonize foliage.
Young larvae feed gregariously on the previous year's foliage.
Young larvae feed gregariously, later scattering to feed.
Young larvae feed higher in the plant, and thus are easier to control than larger larvae.
Young larvae feed in colonies on the underside of leaves.
Young larvae feed in groups and older larvae sometimes singly.
Young larvae feed in groups on the undersides of the leaves.
Young larvae feed in groups, skeltonizing the leaf.
Young larvae feed in groups, while older larvae feed singly.
Young larvae feed in the green inner bark and cause scoring of the cambial layer.
Young larvae feed in the stems of grasses, especially bluegrasses and weeds.
Young larvae feed in the tightly folded leaves of stem buds.
Young larvae feed on grass roots until cold weather when they descend deeper into the soil.
Young larvae feed on terminals and the stem end of fruit.
Young larvae feed on the outer portion of the pine needles leaving a strawlike inner core.
Young larvae feed only on soft plant tissue, leaving a skeletonized leaf behind.
Young larvae feed primarily on oaks, aspen, birch, willows and alder.
Young larvae feed there for a few days, then migrate to and bore into stems.
Young larvae have a longer feeding life remaining and can therefore do greater economic damage.
Young larvae have cream-colored stripes along the center of the back and along each side.
Young larvae have four characteristic black marks on the underside of the body.
Young larvae molt or shed their skins three times, increasing in size at each molt.
Young larvae move like loopers, arching their body into a loop as they crawl.
Young larvae move to the stem end of the fruit, enter, and feed on the flesh.
Young larvae skeletonize the leaves and the larger ones eat the entire leaf.
Young larvae skeletonize the lower leaf surface while mature larvae chew large holes in leaves.
Young larvae skeletonize the lower leaf surface, and older larvae chew large holes in leaves.
Young larvae skeletonize the upper leaf surface.
Young larvae tend to feed initially within the whorl, especially on the tassel.
Many young larvae die, but mortality among older larvae is very low.
Some young larvae gain considerable weight.
Some young larvae gain weight.
Young lawyers enjoy the third seat at half price with two paid fares.
Young lawyers face many challenges when starting their careers.
Young lawyers flock to New York jobs, and then they leave.
Young lawyers Getting young lawyers actively involved in the Section is an important initiative.
Many young lawyers seem surprised by that fact.
Young leaders are.
Many young leaders say different times dictate different responses.
Young leadership find it all normal.
Young leaf is beautiful red.
Young leaves are also egg-shaped, except at the truncated base.
Young leaves are alternate on long petioles and circular in outline.
Young leaves are alternate, egg-shaped, and form a rosette.
Young leaves are aromatic due to the presence of volatile oils.
Young leaves are crimson.
Young leaves are essentially without hairs and immediately take on a rosette growth habit.
Young leaves are extremely susceptible while older leaves are more resistant.
Young leaves are reddish.
Young leaves are usually reddish, turning glossy green, then red again in the fall.
Young leaves become deformed, possibaly yellowing.
Young leaves emerge in late spring, withish-pubescent.
Young leaves grow on trees.
Young leaves have a purple colouration, while old leaves are a dark green colour.
Young leaves have taste.
Young leaves make delicious greens.
Young leaves reddish when unfolding.
Young leaves turn black and die quickly.
Young leaflets smell like marzipan when brayed.
Young learners begin by differentiating between wants and needs.
Young learners can also apply reason to determine the common elements of each flag.
Young learners come to campus to associate with scholars and others pursuing learning.
Young learners experience basic methods for working with clay.
Young learners identify with the fun characters that appear throughout the books.
Young learners identify with the fun characters that appear throughout the course.
Young learners learn to identify squares as squares, but disqualify circles as squares.
Young learners try either to steal objects or catch the thief.
Young leatherbacks are black, with more conspicuous white markings than adults.
Young leaves add visual appeal and flavor zest to salads.
Young leaves appear thickened and puckered and are often a pink or red color.
Young leaves are a narrow heart shape with a long sharp point.
Young leaves are a reddish green, later turning to yellow-green.
Young leaves are a wonderful addition to salads.
Young leaves are best as older leaves can be tough.
Young leaves are bronze veined with green.
Young leaves are chlorotic, with green banding along the major veins.
Young leaves are cooked and eaten like spinach in the East Indies.
Young leaves are dark green, waxy, oblong, and have a pointed tip.
Young leaves are dark maroon, fading to dark green with a brown edge.
Young leaves are distorted and twisted.
Young leaves are easiest to peel from the chocolate.
Young leaves are eaten and the root has energizing properties.
Young leaves are eaten raw.
Young leaves are edible, all leaves can be steeped as tea.
Young leaves are edible.
Young leaves are light green and very upright.
Young leaves are narrower and very ruffled.
Young leaves are nipped by spring frosts.
Young leaves are oval and toothed, while mature leaves are feathery and pungent.
Young leaves are particularly susceptible.
Young leaves are poisonous to livestock.
Young leaves are purple and then develop pink and white variegations.
Young leaves are red and then turn to a nice shiny green.
Young leaves are reddish brown but gradually become dark green.
Young leaves are small and distorted with curled back leaf tips.
Young leaves are smaller and dry up while the petioles of older leaves twist and break off.
Young leaves are susceptible to spray injury.
Young leaves are tender and add a tangy flavor when eaten fresh in salads.
Young leaves are tender and edible, but become bitter when older.
Young leaves are the best.
Young leaves are triangular with three prominent veins.
Young leaves are used as vegetables in Asia.
Young leaves are used in salads.
Young leaves are usu- ally puckered and malformed.
Young leaves are well-marked.
Young leaves are without petiole and their margins are entire or smooth.
Young leaves are wooly and nearly white.
Young leaves can use used raw in salads, or cooked as a potherb.
Young leaves have a light hair that is prized in certain high quality teas.
Young leaves have a reddish-purple underneath.
Young leaves have abundant trichomes that become confined to the petiole base as the leaf ages.
Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge .
Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge.
Young leaves have less fiber and higher quantities of nutrients than mature leaves.
Young leaves have wavy margins and tips.
Young leaves make delicious greens.
Young leaves remain green.
Young leaves show a well-defined to severe light and dark green mosaic mottle.
Young leaves show well-defined to severe light and dark green mosaic mottle.
Young leaves tend to crinkle, twist, and fold up.
Young leaves turn black and die quickly.
Young leaves turn bluish green and older leaves turn yellow and red.
Most young leaves grow on trees.
Some young leaves contain caffeine.
Some young leaves have flavor.
Some young leaves use in salad.
Young leeches resemble the adult when they hatch.
Young legs are fragile, psyches even more so.
Young lesbian gets a lesson in hot female sex.
Young lesions are greenish-brown to dark brown.
Young lesions are small and appear as dark, water-soaked spots.
Young lice resemble adults except in color and size.
Young life feeds off old life, that is the way of the circle of life.
Young life is an opportunity for college students to be involved in ministry to local high schools.
Young life meets twice a week.
Young lives are at stake.
Young lives change course with a positive influence.
Young lives personify creativity and possibility.
Young lingcod prefer sandy or muddy bottoms in bays and inshore areas.
Young linguists can choose from English, French or German.
Young lions have coats.
Young lions have light spotting on their coats.
Young lions roar for meat.
Most young lions have coats.
Some young lions leave mothers.
Young listeners learn to count and appreciate Canadian wildlife.
Young litters tend to have the highest price tag.
Young livestock are also susceptible to health problems from high nitrate-N levels.
Young livestock are also susceptible to health problems from high nitrate-nitrogen levels.
Young livestock are alsosusceptible to health problems from high nitrate-nitrogen levels.
Young livestock are particularly susceptible to health problems from high nitrate-nitrogen levels.
Young lobsters molt often, older ones less frequently, perhaps only once a year.
Young lobsters molt several times a year, but after they hit one pound, they start molting annually.
Young lobsters remain in their shelters for the winter.
Young loggerheads are drifters, and they forage in shallow coastal waters.
Young loons are vulnerable and fall prey to hawks, mink, turtles, and other predators.
Young love does exist but it is often confused with passion.
Young love is all consuming.
Young love is so hard and all the decisions seem so vital.
Young love is so romantic.
Young love is tender, eyes meet often.
Young love seems fickle and perverse.
Young love survives.
Young lovers count down the days till they expect to next meet.
Young lovers develop a romance only to be thwarted by love triangle or similar complications.
Young lovers exchange sweet nothings by e-mail.
Young lovers sip ice-cream sodas at the downtown drug store.
Young lovers stroll hand in hand down the sand while little boys play with their dogs in the waves.
Young lovers try to escape the harsh judgments of the world.
Young lusts are out grown in minutes.
Young males acquire full ruby gorgets during their first molt.
Young males are at greatest risk.
Young males are at higher risk of being involved in speed-related crashes.
Young males are at the greatest risk.
Young males are especially vulnerable.
Young males are forced by the lead male to leave their natal troop before breeding age.
Young males are grossly unaware of many aspects of their self-health.
Young males are often without a home range of their own.
Young males are still the major perpetrators in the theft of motor vehicles. .
Young males are the heaviest drinkers and beer, sold now by supermarkets, is their drink of choice.
Young males are the highest users of solvents and also amongst the highest risk groups for suicide.
Young males are the worst for animal abuse.
Young males assist their parents in farming as they work in the fields.
Young males begin to break away from their mothers after they, themselves, reach puberty.
Young males carry the casket containing the frog and visit all the houses in the village.
Young males continue to outnumber young females by a wide margin in fatalities.
Young males establish dominance by strutting around with arched tails and slamming branches.
Young males establish individual status before pairing with females.
Young males form bachelor groups and the young females search for a sorority to join.
Young males form groups with others about their age.
Young males form loose bachelor herds, but become increasingly solitary as they age.
Young males grow faster in terms of mass than young females .
Young males have a little hair around their heads when they are about a year old.
Young males have smaller heads than young females.
Young males have smaller home ranges than dominant males.
Young males have the highest rates of violent victimizations, while elderly females have the lowest.
Young males lack role models.
Young males learn to sing by imitating their father's song.
Young males leave a few years earlier to establish their place in the male hierarchy.
Young males leave and either form new troops or are solitary.
Young males leave the colony to try to mate with new queen wasps, after which they usually die off.
Young males leave the nests before the young females.
Young males live in smaller groups, while older males live solitary life.
Young males look up to see who is making a vocal challenge.
Young males looks very much like females, but soon molt into full adult male plumage.
Young males mate with their sisters and mothers.
Young males pass the present driving test more easily than others.
Young males pose the greatest identification problem.
Young males remain together for life in a coalition.
Young males seem to follow a senior bull male, a kind of patriarch whom they watch and learn from.
Young males stay with the maternal herd for about three years, and then they join a male herd.
Young males travel much farther away.
Young males venture out at reproductive age in search of females, but die after mating.
Young males yearn to leave boyhood behind and to become men.
Many young males get into martial arts, guns and other weapons.
More young males die than young females .
More young males die than young females.
Most young males migrate out of their natal group to join other groups.
A young mammal is a young
Young mammals are mammals.
Young mammals are young animals.
Young mammals are youngs.
Young mammals feed on milk until they are able to get food by themselves.
Young mammals spend a long period of their early development within their mother's uterus.
All young mammals feed on their mothers' milk until they can find and eat food by themselves.
A young man is a man
A young man is a teenager
Young man develops ability to live and breathe underwater.
Young man fights diabetes with bodybuilding .
Young man fires a cannon at bowling pins in Colorado.
Young man gains confidence in money management skill.
Young man leaves impoverished home, heads out to seek fame and fortune, becomes legend.
Young man sleeps undersea in wonder world.
Young man turns around, still listening to telephone.
Young man unleashes little green monsters through witchcraft.
Young man works hard, plays fair, becomes hero, gives back to fans and rides off into the sunset.
Young men appear least focused on the news and most likely to channel surf.
Young men are as much a part of the solution as they are a part of the problem.
Young men are at especially high risk, having nearly twice the risk of fatality as young women.
Young men are at highest risk for using tobacco products but the incidence in women is increasing.
Young men are bent over and crippled with pain in their joints and hips.
Young men are busy to place big posters along the streets.
Young men are even less familiar with child rearing than mothers.
Young men are five times more likely to commit suicide than young women are.
Young men are full of that.
Young men are keen to impress their mates by picking on someone.
Young men are less likely to visit a dermatologist for their acne.
Young men are located in fraternity houses.
Young men are more likely than young women to be lifetime abstainers.
Young men are more likely than young women to have more severe, longer lasting forms of acne.
Young men are more likely to have more severe, longer lasting forms of acne.
Young men are more likely to report condom use than young women.
Young men are most fearful of physical assault from particular sub-groups of other young men.
Young men are much more likely to be mugged, but unafraid of it.
Young men are particularly at risk.
Young men are particularly likely to misuse drugs or alcohol.
Young men are required to perform duties which are part military and part civic.
Young men are still eager to be circumcised and become warriors.
Young men are the heaviest drinkers.
Young men are to have conservative haircuts.
Young men are to see visions and old men to dream dreams.
Young men are triflers.
Young men are typically more aggressive than young women overall.
Young men are welcome to audition, as well.
Young men become husbands.
Young men call out to young women, but tentatively, and mostly they just stare.
Young men can be a particularly challenging audience to reach.
Young men can discuss concerns such as penis size and sexual performance.
Young men can father and abandon children.
Young men can use the agency s Web site to register.
Young men carry cell phones and wear pagers on belt buckles.
Young men carry food.
Young men challenge each other.
Young men collect wood and build a stake at which a straw doll, the symbol of winter, is burned.
Young men commit most of the violent crimes.
Young men commit suicide five times as often as young women.
Young men commit the most horrible crimes imaginable, without any fear of real, true punishment.
Young men consume proteins.
Young men consume soy proteins.
Young men dance in the flames, setting fire to their shoes and pantcuffs.
Young men demonstrate activities.
Young men die every day.
Young men die in wars and by accident.
Young men display their huts and make a procession.
Young men dive into the water to retrieve the cross, and return it to the priest.
Young men dress up as girls, young girls as boys.
Young men dress up in extravagant costumes, and occasionally masks.
Young men enjoy mistletoe very much, because they can kiss any girl they find standing under it.
Young men enjoy the physical challenge and love to help the younger kids succeed as well.
Young men fare equally unevenly.
Young men feel invincible.
Young men find comfort.
Young men find good jobs.
Young men find jobs.
Young men find work as lawn caretakers, roofers and clerks.
Young men follow consumption.
Young men form a human tower by climbing one upon the other to break the pot.
Young men get the chance to enter the circle and impress others with their dancing.
Young men go away to college.
Young men go out to gather the herd, and soon the corral becomes a hive of sorting and counting.
Young men go to the big cities and run on the road.
Young men have a passion for regarding their elders as senile.
Young men have been particularly influenced by the anti-AIDS crusade, providers say.
Young men have great potential for helping to develop lives and livelihoods after displacement.
Young men have high levels of testosterone and old men low levels.
Young men have levels.
Young men have no fear.
Young men having trouble regularly approach the organization.
Young men hawk petrol in mineral water bottles perched on their car bonnets.
Young men hover around vendors' tables that blare competing salsa and merengue music.
Young men innovate.
Young men invite friends.
Young men join scouting because of the values and morality that are taught.
Young men join the cartels for quick easy money.
Young men know that they can choose their brides from their families.
Young men know the risks when they join up.
Young men lean on a wall and mainline heroin in broad daylight.
Young men learn basic leadership skills in singing, announcements, prayer, and serving communion.
Young men learn how to be men from watching their fathers.
Young men leave schools.
Young men like to brag about their cars.
Young men list fun and recreation as their top reasons for exercise, followed by stress reduction.
Young men live at homes.
Young men living in poverty are far more likely to fail than their female counterparts.
Young men loiter on the corners.
Young men love pets.
Young men love to see how much weight they can handle on their own.
Young men make mistakes.
Young men marry, form a family and have a wife as a servant.
Young men meet death.
Young men offer to ease the hassle of passport control for a fee.
Young men participate because it is fun and also full of risk.
Young men play soccer At the New Year.
Young men pledge to respect and honor young women.
Young men pray that they're asleep, Inside the madness.
Young men predominate in computer labs, senior level IT courses and jobs in the IT sector.
Young men pursue vocation to priesthood .
Young men read chronicles, but old men read newspapers.
Young men receive college education.
Young men receive education.
Young men receive news.
Young men return homes.
Young men ride into town and tie their horses up in front of stores and houses.
Young men ride trains.
Young men risk a higher chance of a fatal crash , twice the risk of fatality as young woman.
Young men run from jobs and careers that are dead end.
Young men see visions.
Young men seek advice.
Young men seem to be at particular risk for depression.
Young men serve local Wisconsin communities four days each week.
Young men spend their health in search of wealth, old men their wealth in search of health.
Young men spit constantly and with no apology.
Young men stroll arm in arm to a noisy backdrop of music and traffic.
Young men suffer a greater damage than do older men.
Young men suffer from lack.
Young men take amino acid supplements to bulk up.
Young men take risks.
Young men tend to be more likely to attempt suicide.
Young men tend to feel a stronger sense of achievement after losing their virginity.
Young men tend to feel sexual desire toward many different women, often quite indiscriminately.
Young men tend to get full erections very quickly.
Young men tend to get into more accidents than young women.
Young men think they're immortal.
Young men try to select good bracelets, necklaces as gifts for their beloved.
Young men vie with each other to win community kite-flying competitions.
Young men wear earrings with tassels.
Young men wear short-sleeved plaid shirts tucked into jeans or slacks.
Young men wearing red-tasseled braids and chunky turquoise necklaces play pool at outdoor tables.
Every young man desires advanced training in cattle herding.
Every young man makes mistakes.
Many young men bid farewell to books and picked up arms to fight the infidels.
Many young men come home from the army with a broken spirit because of beatings and humiliation.
Many young men consider it a challenge.
Many young men drink at parties so they can encourage their date to get drunk and loose.
Many young men find that the ways they behaved in their friendships at younger ages no longer work.
Many young men regard time in prison as a rite of passage.
Many young men tend to confuse their own pushy nervousness for passion.
Many young men try to avoid the draft.
Many young men try to find the light, but they are lured to death.
Most young men become husbands.
Most young men become monks for at least six months to a year.
Most young men carry food.
Most young men consume soy proteins.
Most young men demonstrate activities.
Most young men feel healthy and invincible.
Most young men find comfort.
Most young men find good jobs.
Most young men find jobs.
Most young men focus their lives on fun while searching for direction.
Most young men follow consumption.
Most young men have a lot to learn before they can become responsible sex partners.
Most young men have levels.
Most young men invite friends.
Most young men leave schools.
Most young men live at homes.
Most young men meet death.
Most young men receive college education.
Most young men receive education.
Most young men receive news.
Most young men return homes.
Most young men ride trains.
Most young men seek advice.
Most young men spend a period as monks.
Most young men suffer from lack.
Some young men approach old boyfriends.
Some young men carry backpacks.
Some young men consume diets.
Some young men consume fat diets.
Some young men consume low fat diets.
Some young men die in accidents.
Some young men die in war.
Some young men drink sauces.
Some young men drink soy sauces.
Some young men feed intake.
Some young men feed low intake.
Some young men feed low zinc intake.
Some young men feed zinc intake.
Some young men find merchants.
Some young men find methods.
Some young men follow workouts.
Some young men go into comas.
Some young men have falcons.
Some young men have guns.
Some young men hide in basements.
Some young men hold fifes.
Some young men inhale nitrous oxide.
Some young men know doctrines.
Some young men leave farms.
Some young men live in castles.
Some young men lose mothers.
Some young men possess degrees.
Some young men prepare for combat.
Some young men require blood transfusions.
Some young men require transfusions.
Some young men search for sheep.
Some young men seek death.
Some young men send love letters and birthday cards to their favorite characters.
Some young men survive disasters.
Some young men travel to territory.
Some young men use cameras.
Some young men use steroids to increase their performance in sport.
Some young managers expand aggressively.
Young manatees are especially susceptible to the effects of cold temperatures.
Young manatees seem to propel themselves with their flippers.
Young mandrills attach themselves to the mothers' bellies as soon as they are born.
Young mantas grow very rapidly.
Young Mantids are extremely active and disperse rapidly from the vicinity of the ootheca.
Young mantids feed on whatever small insects they can find including each other.
Young maples have smooth silvery bark.
Young margays open their eyes two weeks after birth.
Young marksman can qualify for a club-sponsored scholarship.
Young martins have no problems negotiating crescents at all.
Young material has good culinary value.
Young measures are also helpful for a better understanding of microstructure in crystals.
Young medical students work as assistants.
Young meerkats are called kits or pups.
Young members are also able to meet with international visitors.
Young members start with simple music.
Young millipedes hatch inside the nest and remain within it.
Young millipedes have only the first three pairs of legs and no more than seven segments.
Young millipedes mature the second year after hatching.
Young minds are at stake.
Young minds are capable of so much if given the right kind of nurturing.
Young minds are fresh and can think of anything.
Young minds are generally more alert than their aged counterparts.
Young minds are open to new ideas, to concepts that include caring.
Young minds are provoked to explore a subject before it is introduced in the classroom.
Young minds are smart.
Young minds are so impressionable.
Young minds are soft putty.
Young minds are sometimes like clay.
Young minds are very malleable and exposure to unhealthy media is very harmful in the long run.
Young minds are vulnerable.
Young minds expand and are forever changed.
Young minds have a better capability of learning and retaining information.
Young minds struggle to sort fakes from realities.
Any young mind is like wet mud that can be moulded in any given shape.
Young ministers are part of our focus.
Young ministers can keep in touch with older mentors.
Young mink remain in the den about a month.
Young missionaries have to be prepared to return home.
Young mites are pale yellow, while adult mites are a rich dark red.
Young mites are six-legged.
Young mites are smaller than the adults and have six legs.
Young mites begin to feed on newly developed flowers.
Young mites move to newly opened leaves where they feed, mature, and reproduce.
Young models show off new seal skin fashions.
Young moles are blind and hairless at birth.
Young mom needs baby clothes for new born.
Young mom struggles with an abusive relationship.
Young monks look down from a monastery wall.
Young mosquitoes are aquatic.
Young mother faces charges in daughter's bathtub drowning.
Young mother leaves cheatin' husband in bland comedy-drama.
Young mothers are just one segment of the homeless population.
Young mothers are less likely to drink or to hang out with youth who drink.
Young mothers can find strength for each new day from other Christian mothers.
Young mothers cry for stillborn sons.
Young mothers die early.
Young mothers experience problems in giving birth due to undeveloped reproductive systems.
Young mothers have greater risks of complications during pregnancy.
Young mothers have reproduction.
Young mothers jog behind bouncing baby strollers.
Young mothers push bundled children in three-wheeled strollers.
Young mothers receive free baby milk powder.
Young mothers tell their children to be patient.
Most young mothers have reproduction.
Some young mothers lack necessary skills.
Some young mothers lack skills.
Young mice are more likely to be infected than adult mice.
Young mushrooms resemble varieties of edible mushrooms before the cap expands.
Young musicians can find an orchestra to fit their individual needs and interests.
Young musicians have the opportunity to grow and show their talents in various settings.
Young musicians perform in jazz band, orchestra, band or chorus.
Young musicians play so much better than their predecessors did.
Young musicians seem hesitant to frighten and discomfort.
Young musicians sharpen their talents with the help of professional symphony musicians.
Young musicians specialising in traditional musics of other cultures are also welcome to enter.
Young muskrats grow rapidly and are independent at an early age.
Young mussels have a small posterior wing.
Young naturalists make trips.
Most young naturalists make trips.
Young needles are a very bright green color with older ones being dark green.
Young needles are high in protein, old needles high in roughage.
Young needles are immune to infection, but they become susceptible to infection after a month or so.
Young neons are very sensitive to light, until their eyes completely develop.
Young neurologists have the opportunity to present their data.
Young neutron stars spin very fast, and give off radio waves.
Young newlyweds live with the husband's parents until they are ready to form their own family.
Young nobles receive basic training in small group combat.
Young nutria are born with hair and are fully active.
Young nutrias can swim only a few hours after birth.
Young nymph resemble adults in appearance and diet.
Young nymphs appear similar to the adult aphid but covered with a white waxy filament.
Young nymphs are a dull blue-green.
Young nymphs are blue-green in colour, and look like aphids but are more active.
Young nymphs are grayish-brown with each progressive molt becoming more reddish brown.
Young nymphs are gregarious and feed together in groups.
Young nymphs are much smaller, green and wingless.
Young nymphs are pale yellow or pink.
Young nymphs are small, flat, and hard to see.
Young nymphs are strongly gregarious, a behavior that dissipates slightly as the nymphs mature.
Young nymphs are the most susceptible stage to insecticides, while adults are difficult to kill.
Young nymphs can slip and fall into the foodplant's water reservoir.
Young nymphs hatch and settle on the developing new twig growth in spring.
Young nymphs have black abdomens and a red thorax.
Young nymphs have three horns instead of the one seen on the adults.
Young nymphs migrate to the axils of leaf petioles and of forming fruit.
Some young nymph has antennas.
Some young nymph resembles adults.
Young oak leaves after spring rain.
Young ocelots are blind when they are born and have a thin coat of dark-coloured fur.
Young ocelots are ready to begin independent life at the age of one year.
Young octopuses hatch without a larval stage and appear as drifting plankton.
Young offenders are especially good candidates because they are still in their formative years.
Young offenders are twice as likely to offer apologies for their crimes in conferences as in court.
Young offenders attend the programs as a condition of probation.
Young offenders get off to easy.
Young offenders get realistic counseling and a guided tour of an adult prison.
Young offenders have to be fingerprinted and photographed when they commit crimes.
Young offenders have to be made aware of the consequences of their action.
Young offenders learn to play the system.
Young offenders learn to take responsibility for their actions.
Young offenders support.
Young offenders take something out of society through their offending.
Young offenders undertake programmes of work based on their offending behaviour.
Young offenders work at minimum wages to pay for their restitution.
Every young offender is an unnecessary potential waste of a life.
Many young offenders complete probation and never violate the law again.
Many young offenders owe tens of thousands of dollars in restitution.
Many young offenders receive probation in combination with another sentence.
Most young offenders commit violent crimes.
Young officers are also more marketable than their peers are in the civilian job market.
Some young officers work midnights.
Young ogres fight as goblins .
Young okapi are as masterful at hiding as their adult counterparts.
Young ones are a bright orange red.
Young ones are best.
Young ones are digestible raw in small amounts, half a cup or so.
Young ones are likely to enjoy themselves.
Young ones call out for the food.
Young ones can have as few as seven.
Young ones can shed up to five times per year, acquiring another rattle each time.
Young ones do.
Young ones grow slowly compared to other sharks .
Young ones grow slowly compared to other sharks.
Young ones hatch out in due course of time.
Young ones keep up with their work and activities on antarctic environment.
Young ones learn patterns quickly and often are reluctant to change their habits.
Young ones love because they fit so well in their hands.
Young ones stay close to their mothers.
Young ones tend to drop out of school shortly before they get married.
Many young ones have a distorted image of what beauty is.
Young orangutans learn by observing their mother's nest-building behaviour.
Some young orangutans hold hands.
Young orchards coming into bearing Bloom appears sparse.
Young organisms are produced by one parent only.
Young organizations can institute best practices from the start.
Young ospreys are capable of breeding by their third year of life.
Young ospreys have to learn how to hunt on their own.
Young otters are prey to bobcats and alligators.
Young otters begin playing at four weeks of age and learn to swim at about seven weeks of age.
Young otters go through rituals of fighting and romping.
Young otters suffer from reproductive abnormalities.
Young owls emerge from the burrow at approximately two weeks of age.
Young owls fledge when they are about eight weeks old.
Many young owls jump out of their nest before they can fly.
Young owners give great breakfasts, conversation.
Young oystercatchers are precocious, leaving gulls are extremely difficult to identify.
Young painter has a recognisable style and well and firm composition.
Young painters abound in the galleries.
Young pairs are less likely to copulate successfully than older, more experienced pairs.
Young pandas mature very slowly and are almost six months old before they are weened.
Young panthers stay close to their mother for about two years.
Young papayas are the most productive.
Young papules are relatively flat and light brown.
Young parents can also die or deteriorate.
Young parents can get education and family services.
Young parents learn parenting skills, stay in school and make healthy life choices.
Young parents meet, share experiences and inprove parenting skills.
Some young parents are single parents.
Young parishioners are particularly welcome, however, and are encouraged to participate.
Young parrots fall in or off of their cages for a variety of reasons, most of which are preventable.
Young participants learn to read maps and understand the land.
Every young participant receives a speaking role.
Every young participant receives one or more speaking roles.
Young partners are worried about ending up with a small proportion of the offered stock.
Young patients are more likely to have multiple sex partners and less immunity.
Young patients get information about their disease in the course of a four week training.
Young patients get visits from clowns and have access to play areas to keep their spirits up.
Young patients maintain their blood pressure better than old people.
Young patients present with abnormalities.
Young patients present with thyroid function abnormalities.
Young patients tend to have more tremor, but better balance and walking.
Young patients tend to have vibrations, but better balance and walking.
Most young patients present with abnormalities.
Some young patients find themselves unable to advance in their careers.
Some young patients have neuro-degenerative diseases caused by infection or genetic problems.
Some young patients suffer from epilepsy.
Young patrons can ask the librarian for assistance if it is an educational search.
Young patrons have complete access to the Internet.
Young peas are white with a small pink eye, can sometimes produce two crops per season.
Young pelicans eat regurgitated food.
Young pelicans feed by sticking their bills into their parents' throats to retrieve food.
Young pelicans learn to feed themselves by copying adults in the wild.
Young pelicans look much like the adults but have a gray patch on the neck and the back of the head.
Young penguins begin to swim on their own in about nine weeks.
Young people abandon their families and set out for the great cities, pursuing an illusion.
Young people absorb things more rapidly.
Young people account for the majority of new users of many substances.
Young people achieve desirable outcomes when they are involved in positive social networks.
Young people admire and even envy the jineteros success.
Young people admire talents and particular excellences.
Young people adopt their prejudices at an early age.
Young people adopt their prejudices early.
Young people age twelve and older are welcome to be guests in our Inn.
Young people agree that good citizenship includes the obligation to vote.
Young people aiming to get a break in journalism today face a tough battle.
Young people appear to be reading less.
Young people appear to be the primary targets of their efforts.
Young people apply for many courses.
Young people apply what they have learned by identifying and addressing a community problem.
Young people are a big part of our solution.
Young people are a diverse population and respond to different approaches and messages.
Young people are a fundamental factor for change.
Young people are a generation.
Young people are a global priority.
Young people are a good place to start looking.
Young people are a great potential resource for the future, with fresh energy, ideas and hopes.
Young people are a high-risk group for anorexia and bulimia.
Young people are a lot different.
Young people are a lot more anxious as a result.
Young people are a major asset that are by far under used in our process.
Young people are a powerful force for change.
Young people are a prime source of embarrassing statements and bone-headed bloopers.
Young people are a resource and can contribute positively to resolving alcohol-related problems.
Young people are a tremendous resource for an advocacy campaign .
Young people are a vital part of our families and society.
Young people are able to act it out or read it as theatre.
Young people are able to protect their e.mail from other users on the network.
Young people are able to work together or separately in an area all their own.
Young people are absolutely terrified.
Young people are active agents of change in the language.
Young people are actually more fearful of crime than has been recognised in the past.
Young people are adventurous and going through an experimental stage in life.
Young people are alive with energy, enthusiasm and vitality.
Young people are all excited, ready to serve the church and be part of the church.
Young people are also at great risk for head injuries.
Young people are also less responsive to the stimulus of the campaign.
Young people are also likely to have a different perception of living in an area than older people.
Young people are also the victims of crime and worry about becoming a victim of crime.
Young people are also well positioned to push for change.
Young people are always attuned to hypocrisy.
Young people are always ready to move ahead and grow without anyone's permission.
Young people are always the most sensitive to the inhumane expectations of society.
Young people are among the first to sniff out hypocrisy a mile away.
Young people are among the heaviest users of public libraries.
Young people are amongst the highest number affected by the condition.
Young people are an extremely important part of the dairy industry.
Young people are an important asset to the continued development of our community.
Young people are an important resource.
Young people are an integral part of our community with a valuable contribution to make.
Young people are an integral part of the present reality in the Balkan region.
Young people are another group.
Young people are another seriously disadvantaged group.
Young people are articulate and ready to become involved.
Young people are as prone to accidents or more so, than the elderly thus the numbers fall.
Young people are at a special age between young children and adults.
Young people are at high risk of being victimized and of participating in violence.
Young people are at increased risk of causing a tragedy for themselves and others.
Young people are at much higher risk from impaired driving than the general population.
Young people are at particular risk for becoming sedentary as they grow older.
Young people are at the heart of tobacco control discussions.
Young people are aware of the same ideas and problems in Europe.
Young people are basically innocent, intelligent, idealistic and and also tend to be romantic.
Young people are beautiful enough to start with.
Young people are beautiful.
Young people are better at sex than older people.
Young people are both the present and future.
Young people are children.
Young people are considerably less anchored to parties than their parents.
Young people are consistently less responsive because they now have less PDI than older adults.
Young people are courageous and respond to challenges.
Young people are creative and have lots of energy, passion, and good ideas.
Young people are creators as well as consumers of literary works.
Young people are curious, of course, but yeah, intimidated too.
Young people are currently high on the agenda.
Young people are cynical and mistrustful of politicians and politics generally.
Young people are deeply concerned about the cruelty in some farming.
Young people are different from adults and so are young women from young men.
Young people are different today .
Young people are disproportionate victims of the major problems afflicting our society.
Young people are disproportionately the victims of crime as well as the offenders.
Young people are downright overwhelmed with new Western values and consumer goods.
Young people are eager and committed to participate in the debates on Europe's future.
Young people are eager to serve.
Young people are eligible to apply for the same.
Young people are encouraged to go on missions when they get old enough .
Young people are encouraged to go on missions when they get old enough.
Young people are especially comfortable online.
Young people are especially encouraged to donate blood and platelets.
Young people are especially inclined to throw around a lot of blame.
Young people are especially susceptible to such indoctrination.
Young people are especially unlikely to be self-actualized.
Young people are especially vulnerable to heroin because they often experiment with drugs.
Young people are especially vulnerable to price increases.
Young people are especially vulnerable to skin damage that can result in melanoma years later.
Young people are especially vulnerable to the pull of unclean influences.
Young people are especially welcome and school groups often visit.
Young people are especially welcome, as long as they have transportation to and from the theatre.
Young people are Europe's future.
Young people are even less likely to vote than any other age group.
Young people are even more directly affected by economic and social changes than adults.
Young people are everywhere.
Young people are extremely attracted to American popular culture.
Young people are far more flexible.
Young people are far more likely than adults to greatly over-estimate the prevalence of smoking.
Young people are far more likely than adults to greatly overestimate the prevalence of smoking.
Young people are fragile.
Young people are frequently the casualties of church fights.
Young people are full of energy and ideas.
Young people are full of ideas.
Young people are full participants in church life.
Young people are generally brilliant.
Young people are generally more open to other points of view and different cultures.
Young people are generally open to new ideas, both inside and outside the classroom.
Young people are going to try to find answers, they want to find skills.
Young people are hard at work as clouds break above.
Young people are here, too.
Young people are highly IT literate.
Young people are highly susceptible to pornography.
Young people are hopeful and confident about their future.
Young people are hungry for tools to deal with conflict.
Young people are idealistic by nature.
Young people are immoral.
Young people are impatient.
Young people are in Silicon Valley, to organize.
Young people are increasingly conservative.
Young people are inexperienced drinkers as well as drivers.
Young people are interested in technology and are drawn to new ideas.
Young people are interested in that.
Young people are just as different and diverse as adults.
Young people are justifiably worried about pensions, in view of the changing age pyramid.
Young people are keen to go to college and have a career.
Young people are key players in developing a more sustainable future.
Young people are less likely even to be registered to vote than any other age group.
Young people are less likely to be destructive to a community to which they feel connected.
Young people are less likely to spend their entire careers at one organization than in the past.
Young people are less likely to vote than any other age group.
Young people are less likely to vote than older people.
Young people are less likely to vote.
Young people are less reluctant to change jobs.
Young people are like sponges.
Young people are located in schools.
Young people are long on labor but short on capital.
Young people are more adaptable, more open to considering new ideas, more responsive to the gospel.
Young people are more adaptable.
Young people are more alert today.
Young people are more aware of the issue than older.
Young people are more educated.
Young people are more innocent.
Young people are more interested in doing things than reading things.
Young people are more interested in jobs, clothing and enjoying life.
Young people are more involved where there is an emphasis on environmental issues at school.
Young people are more likely to accept at face value the racist ideology of the hatemonger.
Young people are more likely to have completed a certificate, diploma or degree than their elders.
Young people are more likely to have Internet access than the rest of the population.
Young people are more likely to learn about negative than positive aspects of aging.
Young people are more 'participatory' than older people.
Young people are more prone to impulse-buying, and they buy a lot.
Young people are more than a new cohort of workers.
Young people are morons or drug-dealers.
Young people are most concerned about education, crime, violence and the environment.
Young people are much more independent.
Young people are much more likely to be unemployed than older people.
Young people are much more likely to contribute when their contributions are taken seriously.
Young people are much more media-savvy than in the past, but they have been blinded somehow.
Young people are much more trusting of information coming from other young people.
Young people are much quicker to use the informal address, even in professional life.
Young people are no different than other generations.
Young people are no exception when it comes to accumulating debt.
Young people are no exception.
Young people are now more involved in crime, and drug abuse has become more common.
Young people are often a focus of some elements of regeneration programmes.
Young people are often afraid to seek support, even where it is available.
Young people are often an untapped source of energy, enthusiasm and commitment.
Young people are often concerned with who they are, how they are seen and what they believe in.
Young people are often in the throws of developing their identities.
Young people are often more willing to listen and model their peers.
Young people are often more willing to listen to and model their peers.
Young people are often outspoken.
Young people are often skeptical about officers' motives.
Young people are often suspicious and intimidated by telephone 'hot lines'.
Young people are often the best teachers of all.
Young people are often to the fore in movements of resistance.
Young people are often very mature for their age.
Young people are often very sensitive to the needs and problems of their peers.
Young people are on the move.
Young people are once more enjoying it.
Young people are opinionated - they have an understanding of where their allegiances are.
Young people are our audiences of tomorrow.
Young people are our country's greatest asset.
Young people are our future adult visitors and are extremely important to our development.
Young people are our future and the future users of the forest.
Young people are our future leaders.
Young people are our future.
Young people are our most precious and our most vulnerable family members.
Young people are our most precious natural resource.
Young people are our only future.
Young people are our resources.
Young people are over-represented in motor vehicle crash statistics compared to adults.
Young people are part of the community, but often feel excluded from it.
Young people are part of the problem-solving capacity of our communities.
Young people are particularly at risk of unemployment.
Young people are particularly at risk.
Young people are particularly difficult to reach with messages regarding their own vulnerability.
Young people are particularly sensitive to issues of personal privacy.
Young people are particularly vulnerable to STDs.
Young people are particularly vulnerable.
Young people are particularly welcome.
Young people are passionate about politics but a lot of the issues are less visible.
Young people are Poland's future.
Young people are probably the most valuable source of new discoveries in science.
Young people are producers.
Young people are rather sick of divorce.
Young people are ready and willing to vote, if given the chance.
Young people are real consumers and do exercise real consumer choice and preference.
Young people are really avid to clarify what the heart of faith is .
Young people are really scary on the highway.
Young people are really very active in Russia.
Young people are reluctant to participate in a stodgy, bogus system.
Young people are republicans, but our mentality is different from that of the aspirign baby boomers.
Young people are respectful in reverencing the icons within the church.
Young people are responsible for a large proportion of crime.
Young people are responsible for around a quarter of all crimes in Britain.
Young people are safe in school.
Young people are scared of young people.
Young people are sensitive to hypocrisy.
Young people are sensitive to perceived signals that smoking is the norm.
Young people are sensitive to the public's perception of their age group, they say.
Young people are sick of being called slackers and whiners.
Young people are sick of the spin of slick politicians.
Young people are significant consumers with lots of disposable income.
Young people are slow to replenish the ranks.
Young people are smaller, yet still growing, further complicating the fit equation.
Young people are smart shoppers.
Young people are smarter today.
Young people are so much fun to interface with.
Young people are so profoundly spiritual, but they are growing less religious.
Young people are some of the worst offenders.
Young people are sometimes naive.
Young people are sometimes very resourceful and well-adjusted.
Young people are sort of searching for identity and exploring themselves.
Young people are spot on with trend.
Young people are susceptible to new attacks by older virus strains.
Young people are the bridge between present and future.
Young people are the defining force of the new century.
Young people are the fount of idealism.
Young people are the future and the hope of the church, they bring the church vitality.
Young people are the future for Canadian dance.
Young people are the future leaders of the country.
Young people are the future of our nation.
Young people are the future of the church.
Young people are the future of the hospitality industry.
Young people are the future workforce.
Young people are the future, and they deserve our attention.
Young people are the hope of improving the ecological environment of the world.
Young people are the Internet experts.
Young people are the keepers of tradition and the builders of the future.
Young people are the key to bringing back the city.
Young people are the key to our future and can make a difference in their communities.
Young people are the kindling which helps to set the fires of revival.
Young people are the least convinced of the effectiveness of interdiction.
Young people are the least likely to vote.
Young people are the most anxious to learn, and the least conservative in their thinking.
Young people are the most apt to change their habits.
Young people are the most complex creatures in the world.
Young people are the most important elements of our community as they represent our future.
Young people are the most important voices to be heard and respected by adults.
Young people are the most likely to be killed or injured on the job.
Young people are the most suggestible and TV has a great presence in their lives.
Young people are the nation's success story.
Young people are the next generation and that is sort of perennial.
Young people are the ones most open to novelty.
Young people are the ones who are going to write stories and features.
Young people are the strongest part of the feminist movement.
Young people are the target of the sweep, however.
Young people are the true activists today.
Young people are the very future of the shooting sports.
Young people are themselves, in some respects, a minority audience where the arts are concerned.
Young people are then able to identify individual barriers and set personal goals.
Young people are thoroughly co-ed in their perceptions of the field.
Young people are thoughtless as a rule.
Young people are tired of being treated like second-class citizens in America.
Young people are tomorrow s leaders.
Young people are totally confused like animals.
Young people are traditionally unsuccessful when they try to quit smoking.
Young people are treasures.
Young people are unable to see any prospective for themselves.
Young people are under great pressure to have sex experience before they are ready for it.
Young people are under-paid and few receive job training.
Young people are uninformed about basic facts concerning government and current events.
Young people are up on trends.
Young people are usually more flexible that older people.
Young people are valuable resources who can help others and improve their communities.
Young people are very concerned about being accepted by their peers.
Young people are very creative.
Young people are very curious about what they find.
Young people are very resilient - if they survive.
Young people are very savvy.
Young people are very valuable to society.
Young people are very, very eager to go into marriage in a thoughtful and careful way.
Young people are violent and commit violent crimes.
Young people are vulnerable and less able to defend themselves from being dragged away to war.
Young people are weary of their adult counterparts.
Young people are welcome and encouraged to participate after training.
Young people are welcome as long as they understand the activity of the club and have some interest.
Young people are welcome.
Young people are well prepared for adult roles in the workplace, as parents and as citizens.
Young people are young people.
Young people are, of course, particularly susceptible to the power of the brand.
Young people attending our camps learn valuable outdoor adventure skills.
Young people become astronauts on a simulated space station with different experiments to complete.
Young people become engaged in community service for a variety of reasons.
Young people become frustrated, depressed, discouraged and lose confidence.
Young people become gang members at the average age of twelve.
Young people become increasingly sensitive to format as they grow older.
Young people become involved in rifle shooting for various reasons.
Young people become less dependent on parents and more involved with peers.
Young people become parents.
Young people begin drug use for many reasons.
Young people begin the pro-gram with the hope of finding answers to their questions.
Young people begin to stretch their trust and commitment.
Young people believe in fairness and equality and are commited to social justice.
Young people believe that politicians pander to a few big interests.
Young people believe they are impervious to everything.
Young people believe they are invincible.
Young people believe they're invincible.
Young people bring energy and a fresh perspective.
Young people bring energy and ideas, which keeps things interesting.
Young people bring energy, idealism, and enthusiasm to the process.
Young people bring enthusiasm, older people bring experience.
Young people bring unique, necessary resources to problem solving.
Young people burn vast quantities of calories, in part to provide for growth.
Young people buy goods.
Young people buy more frequently than most older people.
Young people buy such products because they wrongly believe they are safe forms of Ecstasy.
Young people call for new youth peak.
Young people can achieve a lot if they are able to get proper direction.
Young people can also benefit from serving others after school hours.
Young people can also get a lot of pornography and cyberporn.
Young people can also pay with y-creds, an alternative currency system.
Young people can also send in their own suggestions or read the recommendations of other teenagers.
Young people can also use the site to access a range of other related websites.
Young people can and do contribute to the life of the Newcastle community.
Young people can and do organize against handgun violence.
Young people can ask questions of authors and read the answer to questions others have asked.
Young people can ask to speak to the youth worker.
Young people can be a great resource for prevention programs and organizations.
Young people can be congruent.
Young people can be millionaires before they even hit their twenties.
Young people can be so single minded.
Young people can become depressed for many reasons.
Young people can bring a strong and diverse voice to the national debate on guns.
Young people can buy alcohol in nearly one out of every two tries.
Young people can call back and speak to the same counsellor as they work through their problem.
Young people can choose to spend time in activities or groups that are drug-free.
Young people can collaborate and present their projects at the student forum .
Young people can combat hate on the 'Net by creating their own web sites celebrating diversity.
Young people can come and enjoy simply being together - and learn a bit more about peace.
Young people can come to either one or both depending on their interests.
Young people can come up with some great stories.
Young people can contribute valuable ideas and suggestions if given the chance.
Young people can dance at the lively disco.
Young people can develop peer leadership and teamwork skills.
Young people can do their part by being open to alternative activities.
Young people can easily detect insincerity and hypocrisy.
Young people can easily obtain firearms, and they carry guns on a regular basis.
Young people can easily take guns from homes where parents keep a loaded and unlocked handgun.
Young people can effectively direct their own learning.
Young people can enter a friendly environment to play sports and games as part of a team.
Young people can even participate as an individual when no other way is available.
Young people can explore, discuss and take action on child rights.
Young people can find committee internship information and other educational materials here.
Young people can find their present traumas echoed loudly, uncompromisingly.
Young people can gain realistic insights into adult and working life .
Young people can get food, clothing, shoes, towels, blankets and hygiene items, all for free.
Young people can go, meet people, and have a wonderful time without drinking.
Young people can guide programme design, development and implementation.
Young people can have a greater say in how the country is run.
Young people can have as much expertise as older people.
Young people can have fun at our summer camps while their parents get some time off for themselves.
Young people can have their behavior changed.
Young people can help take the lead here.
Young people can help themselves.
Young people can help ward off osteoporosis by building strong bones today.
Young people can identify, their parents can identify with the story.
Young people can influence their family members, friends and others towards Christian growth.
Young people can initiate change beyond lobbying.
Young people can learn from and listen to leaders who set a good example by their actions.
Young people can learn from mistakes.
Young people can learn how to make good decisions to resist negative peer pressure.
Young people can make a big difference.
Young people can make a difference let s make it a good one.
Young people can make a difference.
Young people can master design, sculpturing, painting, art history, folklore, etc.
Young people can meet or make friends while they play foosball, ping-pong and board games.
Young people can meet other teens, talk about life, and try to make sense of the world.
Young people can now buy their first car on credit with little or no down payment.
Young people can now hear and see a professional orchestra at work.
Young people can overcome some hyperopia by using their focusing muscles to make the image clear.
Young people can participate in both components.
Young people can picture themselves inside the story, identify with characters and the story.
Young people can prematurely age, too.
Young people can produce a lot of work.
Young people can refer themselves.
Young people can reproduce at the end of puberty.
Young people can resist peer pressure.
Young people can respond amazingly to challenge.
Young people can see that there is little reward for the risk.
Young people can see through the false messages and know when they're being told a lie.
Young people can sing and serve while learning about music.
Young people can smell a phony a mile away.
Young people can smell it a mile away.
Young people can spray paint on the sidewalk, and it is called vandalism.
Young people can start going through the process as juniors in college.
Young people can start on their own as individuals, or start in a group setting.
Young people can use the medium of their choice to send messages of welcome.
Young people can usually see better than older people.
Young people can witness very effectively, especially to other young people.
Young people can work really hard.
Young people care about people and creation.
Young people care about the answers.
Young people care about their appearance.
Young people change partners frequently before settling into monogamous relationships.
Young people clarify the organization's mission.
Young people come for a week of training before camp begins.
Young people come from all areas of the state.
Young people come off twice as badly as older people in terms of unemployment.
Young people come to learn trades - like acrobatics.
Young people come to school ready to explode.
Young people come to the active learning environment with different skills and abilities.
Young people come together to share their experiences, strengths, and hopes with each other.
Young people coming out have different experiences, no matter what class they are.
Young people commit the majority of crimes.
Young people complain that they only seem newsworthy if they do something awful.
Young people compose a large part of the population.
Young people comprise another key target group.
Young people consume far more soft drinks and sugarless chewing gum than the adult population.
Young people continue to account for a large number of both homicide victims and offenders.
Young people continue to have faith in the Finnish education and social security system.
Young people continue to make a difference in our communities.
Young people continue to make demands for the recognition of the Macedonian language.
Young people continue to marry, but many couples delay until they are older.
Young people count on adults for support.
Young people define success in very different terms than their parents or grandparents.
Young people deliver leaflets and ring doorbells.
Young people depend on their parents for shelter, and for financial and emotional support.
Young people deserve a chance to do both.
Young people deserve far better than what they're getting.
Young people deserve respect.
Young people deserve to see excellent performances of well written material.
Young people desire something new, breezy, free, unbound activity.
Young people develop a respect for the officers at an early age.
Young people develop spiritual insight through their new experiences at workcamps.
Young people die every week from solvent abuse in the u.k.
Young people die everyday and for a variety of reasons.
Young people dig it, but it's for adults too.
Young people dig to make money for youthful things.
Young people do commit large numbers of crime.
Young people do create space for themselves with sound.
Young people do grow up.
Young people do have minds of their own if they are given the opportunity, the space and the voice.
Young people do have sex in Cambodia.
Young people do indeed have a role to play in cooperation and development.
Young people do less, learn less, and become less capable.
Young people do like to read because they like the Internet, and it is essentially a written medium.
Young people do love a challenge.
Young people do make decisions about what majors to pursue based on starting salaries.
Young People Do Make Decisions.
Young people do make mistakes, and sometimes the results can be tragic.
Young people do something constructive.
Young people do start farms.
Young people do start software companies.
Young people do want to be heard.
Young people do work, as someone pointed out.
Young people do, however, see benefits to cloning plants and animals.
Young people do, however, show a strong sense of equality and democratic values.
Young people don t like newspapers because newspapers don t like young people.
Young people don t race past the elderly.
Young people don t want to work in the summer because it s summer time.
Young people dream of having exciting, successful careers.
Young people dress up as widows, witches and skeletons, etc, symbolic of the Old Year.
Young people drink a lot of diet coke.
Young people drink for a variety of reasons, including to look more grown-up.
Young people drink less in response.
Young people drink less often than adults, but when they drink, they tend to drink in large amounts.
Young people drink outside the home and as they get older in the pub.
Young people drink to get drunk.
Young people driving to work are unlikely to have teen passengers.
Young people drop hints to test our reactions.
Young people drop out of school for a variety of reasons.
Young people engage regularly with the media.
Young people engage with the arts by participating and by being audiences.
Young people enjoy it most of all.
Young people enjoy the meeting.
Young people enter into it, then think about it.
Young people entering the workforce have much different attitudes about work.
Young people exercise less and less when they get into their teens.
Young people exhibit diminished literacy skills.
Young people expect everything now to be instant gratification, like popcorn in the microwave.
Young people experience a variety of losses.
Young people experience caring neighbors.
Young people experience strong feelings and emotions regarding loss.
Young people experience the highest rates of violent crime of any age group.
Young people experiment with a range of drugs, both legal and illicit.
Young people experiment with a wide range of drugs, legal and illicit.
Young people experiment with sex, as with other things in their lives.
Young people explore the nature and meaning of peace and social justice.
Young people explore their rights as European citizens.
Young people explore their sexuality as a natural process of achieving sexual maturity.
Young people express their ideas for postponing sexual involvement.
Young people face a challenging future.
Young people face a different world than their elders faced, and they are by nature progressive.
Young people face barriers and obstacles in sexual and reproductive health programs.
Young people face enormous pressures today that conflict with Christian values.
Young people face issues of self esteem and child abuse.
Young people face tremendous peer pressure, which too often involves illegal drinking.
Young people fail to understand why, in spite of all their activity, they can feel so lonesome.
Young people fear rejection by their peers.
Young people feel a great deal of pressure when they come to college.
Young people feel alienated and let down by politicians and by the parties.
Young people feel alienated.
Young people feel an attraction to the latest technology.
Young people feel despair regarding the future.
Young people feel powerless, alone, afraid when someone else is telling their story.
Young people feel reluctant to go into industry, into factories and farms.
Young people feel that no one is listening to their voices, and they're right.
Young people feel the pain experienced by their elders.
Young people feel the poignancy of assisting old people to provide a legacy no one else can provide.
Young people feel the void too.
Young people feel they are being ignored.
Young people feel they're indestructible.
Young people fight, tend the wounded, and die.
Young people fill the cafes morning, noon, and night.
Young people fill the church with life and enthusiasm.
Young people fill the streets.
Young people find it difficult to find work, or a toehold in the cultural mainstream.
Young people find mentors who'll guide their future careers.
Young people find they have fewer employment prospects.
Young people flock from hours away to walk the beach, cruise the strip and have a good time.
Young people force each other to conform to certain norms.
Young people gain a national and international audience for their work.
Young people gain a number of skills and abilities while participating in the shop experience.
Young people gain new skills and community lead-ership experience.
Young people gain practical experience and training.
Young people gain understanding and empathy through active service to others.
Young people gather for fun and teaching.
Young people gather together and sing to express their happiness.
Young people gather together to sing and dance, and to playfully throw water on each other.
Young people get a taste of what's going on in the court system.
Young people get drunk off less and stay drunk longer.
Young people get invaluable work experience.
Young people get many messages about alcohol and other drugs.
Young people get out their bicycles and ride around the wide streets of the city center.
Young people get the message that drugs are okay, or even worse, cool.
Young people get their information from TV, radio and the Web. TV at dinner time.
Young people get their values and attitudes from their parents and their culture.
Young people get to serve as active participants at polling sites.
Young people give plenty of warning signs when they start heading into risky behaviors.
Young people give various reasons for joining gangs.
Young people go away to Christian schools having been saved by believing the Bible.
Young people go because of their spiritual thirst.
Young people go for 'music on the Web'.
Young people go off to college and spend four years isolated on campus.
Young people go to great lengths to deny and conceal their painful struggles with food.
Young people go to illegal dealers to buy cannabis -and are offered heroin.
Young people go to their parents and older relatives, and kiss their hand.
Young people graduate from college and get good jobs.
Young people gravitate to people . . .
Young people groan if they have to put up with the dirges their parents seem to appreciate.
Young people grow nails at a faster rate.
Young people grow up in a set of imbedded networks.
Young people hang out at Internet cafes and surf world news, the latest music and pornography.
Young people harm themselves and wreck their lives through substance abuse.
Young people have a broad awareness of popular culture and media events.
Young people have a great deal to contribute.
Young people have a great deal to offer in the way of creativity.
Young people have a great time with other Christian youth.
Young people have a high frequency of warts.
Young people have a huge stake in the planet's sustainaiblity and ought to have a say.
Young people have a lot to contribute to community action.
Young people have a lot to offer.
Young people have a lot to say and are part of the solution.
Young people have a natural curiosity about the adult process of voting.
Young people have a responsibility to the people who share their lives.
Young people have a right to health care and accurate information about sex.
Young people have a right to remain silent.
Young people have a role of strategic relevance to play for the future of the protected areas.
Young people have a special fascination for roads and cars.
Young people have a strong desire to help others and often have great ideas.
Young people have a strong sense of belonging and crime is one of the lowest in the country.
Young people have a tendency to get excited in tough situations.
Young people have a variety of needs.
Young people have a variety of responses to the knowledge that they are adopted.
Young people have a variety of special needs that differ from one setting to another.
Young people have a vital role in renewing and building up the whole church.
Young people have a whole character that has to be addressed.
Young people have an entirely different form of dress to express their personalities .
Young people have an entirely different form of dress to express their personalities.
Young people have an even higher survival rate.
Young people have an inherent desire to create, contribute, and demonstrate their competence.
Young people have an instinctive ability to manage and manipulate the flow.
Young people have basic needs critical to survival and healthy development.
Young people have better ways of spending their evenings.
Young people have by and large ignored historic, established churches.
Young people have careers that they more or less control.
Young people have choices about the level of intimacy in relationships.
Young people have choices today.
Young people have contact with a variety of medical and non-medical professionals.
Young people have difficulty finding anything of relevance to their lives in the daily newspaper.
Young people have difficulty sifting out the good from the bad.
Young people have dignity and worth as human beings.
Young people have energy and enthusiasm.
Young people have enough stimuli for their raging hormones.
Young people have enthusiasm and talent to offer.
Young people have extremely low voter turnout numbers.
Young people have few guides when it comes to the workings of the ego.
Young people have fewer opportunities in a tougher world than our parents grew up in.
Young people have firsthand knowledge about their school and community environment.
Young people have formidable opportunities.
Young people have great credibility.
Young people have high energy and speed.
Young people have ideals, courage, scientific minds, and a sense of dedication.
Young people have immature immune systems that are less able to fight off infection.
Young people have less freedom of speech.
Young people have less of a sense that they have a duty to vote than any other age group.
Young people have less to unlearn.
Young people have little difficulty recognizing or believing that animals have feelings.
Young people have little fun.
Young people have little opportunity to attend dances that allow for some social education.
Young people have lots to offer old people.
Young people have many career choices.
Young people have more education, better physical health, more possessions and leisure.
Young people have much more melatonin in their body than older people.
Young people have much more money to spend and the video games market is growing fast.
Young people have much to learn from golf and such programs can only serve to improve their lives.
Young people have no possibility to read.
Young people have no problem leaping into the unknown.
Young people have no voice, people of color have no voice, women have no voice.
Young people have nothing.
Young people have opportunities for real life business experience by working in the youth-run store.
Young people have power now.
Young people have power to do what they know is right.
Young people have pressures and schedules just like adults.
Young people have ready access to other cultures through the media and other means.
Young people have so much more to be wary of today.
Young people have some ideas.
Young people have some provisional answers to some of their philosophical questions.
Young people have some real advantages in starting their own businesses.
Young people have sophisticated responses to media images.
Young people have the ability to succeed and become contributing members of society.
Young people have the freedom to choose their own partners, and courtship lasts for a long time.
Young people have the gifts and talents to raise their villages.
Young people have the highest rate of personal crime victimisation.
Young people have the highest rates of signs suggesting alcohol dependence.
Young people have the highest suicide rate.
Young people have the lowest voter turnout of any population group.
Young people have the lowest voter turnout rate in the country, which is attributed to apathy.
Young people have the opportunity to be involved in planning events or taking part in projects.
Young people have the potential to live longer than any previous generation.
Young people have the power to change the course of an election and history by voting.
Young people have the power to change the course of the epidemic.
Young people have the responsibility to protect their sexual health.
Young people have the right to develop skills, access services, and live in supportive environments.
Young people have the right to know in what way their future is determined.
Young people have the right to participate at every level of society.
Young people have the same potential for good or bad.
Young people have their own mountains to climb.
Young people have time and energy to commit to spreading conservative ideas.
Young people have to be in earlier and account for everywhere they have been.
Young people have to be more than a name on the letterhead.
Young people have to be seen as unworthy.
Young people have to change.
Young people have to deal with many of the most pressing issues facing our country on a daily basis.
Young people have to develope the courage and desire to improve our world.
Young people have to face being dependent for longer.
Young people have to have memories.
Young people have to have something that is worth protecting and defending.
Young people have to know about safe sex and birth control.
Young people have to know that there are consequences to behavior.
Young people have to learn there is a consequence for bad actions.
Young people have to make a lot of choices.
Young people have to move to get work or higher education.
Young people have to start planning their future very early.
Young people have to start working today to make their vision for a sustainable future a reality.
Young people have to study and work, but they are at the age of physical growth.
Young people have trouble finding jobs, even with university degrees in hand.
Young people have twice as many accidents in their first year of work than adults do.
Young people hold a vast future in their hands.
Young people hold the future of the planet in their hands.
Young people honor their parents by pouring scented water over their hands.
Young people hunger for spiritual growth as much as they do for sexual growth.
Young people identify social success mainly with money and complete independence from society.
Young people improve Romanian orphanage.
Young people increase their personal resources and improve their self-identity.
Young people influence the atmosphere of the city everywhere in Berlin.
Young people instigate one-fifth of the violence in America.
Young people involved in gangs are armed and easy money through illegal means is readily available.
Young people is what it was.
Young people join gangs, older people join clubs, and even babies are put into play groups.
Young people jump all over shots more experienced players reject out of hand.
Young people keep away because they have powerful sexual feelings.
Young people keep away from dated music.
Young people keep leaving for jobs.
Young people know better, but they do it anyway.
Young people know exactly what is going on.
Young people know it.
Young people know it's a great big world out there.
Young people know less about politics than any other age group.
Young people know little about politics, nor are they particularly interested.
Young people know more than their parents about the Internet.
Young people know that risky behaviours can have negative effects on their health.
Young people know that television, movies, and video games are simply fantasy.
Young people know that the equipment for living they receive through music is often destructive.
Young people know what they're doing is wrong.
Young people know where the unsafe territories are and they know where the welcoming places are.
Young people know who gets the money and they value Jordan more then their teachers.
Young people lack the maturity to comprehend the finality of suicide.
Young people laugh and cheer and keep right on eating popcorn and drinking pop.
Young people learn a dialectic between themselves as individuals and the society in which they live.
Young people learn about important environmental, ethics, management, research, and hunting issues.
Young people learn about making wise food choices and how to eat wisely.
Young people learn about sexual expression nearly everywhere they turn in society.
Young people learn by example from their favorite adults and teens, in other words, role models.
Young people learn by watching and observing.
Young people learn easily and care about making the world a safer place.
Young people learn from observation.
Young people learn how to navigate through map-reading and using a compass.
Young people learn how to resist negative peer pressure and deal with issues of intergroup conflict.
Young people learn in a different way than past generations.
Young people learn many interesting lessons from such shenanigans.
Young people learn more about their faith through Bible stories, activities, and songs.
Young people learn public-speaking and teamwork skills and the rewards of hard work.
Young people learn similar lessons in their life experiences.
Young people learn spells from older kin in exchange for food, tobacco, and money.
Young people learn state history by studying important historical and current state officials.
Young people learn that risk and initial failure are part of achievement and success.
Young people learn the fundamentals and basics of tennis through instruction and matches.
Young people learn the most from their parents and friends.
Young people learn the process of Christian growth.
Young people learn to be reflective and questioning about their own performance and efforts.
Young people learn to look at the officers as allies who are looking out for their best interest.
Young people learn to play, to participate and to take responsibility.
Young people learn to produce and give back.
Young people learn to ride horses Many young people enjoy riding horses.
Young people learn what an emergency is and how to make a call for help.
Young people leave here and move to larger cities for jobs.
Young people leave home for a variety of reasons.
Young people leave to discover the world beyond.
Young people leave to find work elsewhere.
Young people leave, seeking greater financial opportunities.
Young people leaving the nest are particularly vulnerable to making shaky decisions.
Young people like to be where the action is.
Young people like to challenge themselves.
Young people like to feel that they are part of the group.
Young people like to get scared.
Young people like to go places and do things.
Young people like to go where other young people like to go.
Young people like to keep in touch with their friends, and nobody wants to be left out.
Young people like to see low interests rates.
Young people like, and even love, on impulse.
Young people listen and get a clean understanding.
Young people listen best to other young people.
Young people live in a minority world.
Young people live in and participate in communities.
Young people live in terror anticipating their parents' judgments.
Young people live life just to strive for control.
Young people live their lives there.
Young people living alone are the exception.
Young people living in Roma have some really strange motorcycling traditions.
Young people look death in the face every morning.
Young people look for homes with a spare room for a computer.
Young people look to their parents and caring adults for advice.
Young people love cars, they love rockets, anything that goes fast.
Young people love inclusion.
Young people love it too, especially the college age group.
Young people love it.
Young people love paperbacks.
Young people love talking about driving.
Young people love the entire experience.
Young people love to appear sophisticated.
Young people love to voice their opinions and know they are heard.
Young people love what is absolute and true, genuine and spontaneous.
Young people make friends with Villagers who live nationwide.
Young people make good team leaders and enthusiastic team members.
Young people make mistakes.
Young people make up a disproportionately small number of traditional media consumers.
Young people make up half the forty million unemployed in the developed world as a whole.
Young people make up more than half of Canada's Aboriginal population.
Young people marginalize themselves, feel like failures because they make mistakes.
Young people mature and learn in different ways.
Young people mature at different rates, girls tend to develop earlier than boys.
Young people meet in church and the neighborhood.
Young people meet in their classrooms and attend worship as a class before returning for study.
Young people meet twice a month in classes.
Young people memorize scripture, study the Bible, play games, and generally have a wonderful time.
Young people move away.
Young people move from job to job without blinking an eye.
Young people move out of the area to find work.
Young people move to the cities.
Young people move to the music, flirt, drink.
Young people observe more sharply, more instinctively.
Young people ought to know what they want from grad school before they start.
Young people overdose in spurts, like bad karma ejaculating in streams of synthetic ecstasy.
Young people own all of their CDs and they know every word to every song by heart.
Young people participate in governance.
Young people participate in worship with pageants, choir, and service.
Young people pay more than older people.
Young people personalise their mobiles.
Young people place high value on promoting equality and reducing hunger and poverty.
Young people play an active role in development at every stage.
Young people play baseball because they like the action and excitement of the game.
Young people play baseball because they like the action and the excitement of the game.
Young people play in the streets, and strains of music are often heard from open windows.
Young people play rock 'n' roll instead of blues or bluegrass.
Young people post motivational quotes to help others through hard times.
Young people practice driving a car on the practice range before taking to the streets.
Young people predominate among interviewers.
Young people prefer television.
Young people prefer to find things out through a computer rather than a book.
Young people prefer to move to cities and work in less physically demanding and more lucrative jobs.
Young people prefer white turbans.
Young people produce the great graphics and quality animations.
Young people provide energy that a campaign needs, especially for volunteer work.
Young people purchase things for different reasons than older people.
Young people rank parents as the preferred source of information about sex and health.
Young people reach a better understanding of themselves.
Young people realise that their future consists of poverty, uncertainty and fear.
Young people receive confusing messages about behavior every day, and from all directions.
Young people receive training to perform income-generation activities.
Young people receiving chemotherapy generally have a lower white cell count than normal.
Young people recognize themselves, their potential, and are challenged by what they experience.
Young people reflect a society, a world, that is hungry for heroes.
Young people refuse to marry and have children.
Young people release a lot of their emotions through playing.
Young people relocate here in droves each year, unintimidated by high rents.
Young people remain in the program for three years, before joining an alumni club.
Young people report that getting alcohol, tobacco, and most illicit drugs is very easy.
Young people report that it's very easy to get alcohol, tobacco, and most illicit drugs.
Young people represent a huge source of potential volunteer energy.
Young people represent a large and growing population group.
Young people represent an untapped resource of creative and entrepreneurial energy.
Young people represent an untapped source of creative and entrepreneurial energy.
Young people represent the future health of the clubs - in the form of new members and volunteers.
Young people represent the future of volunteerism in Canada.
Young people represent the future.
Young people resign themselves to marrying without love.
Young people respond best to leadership that comes from within their peer group.
Young people s thinking on illicit drugs tends to change with time and age.
Young people save as they establish households and purchase durable goods.
Young people say they felt brutalized.
Young people say they want life balance.
Young people say they want that kind of caring.
Young people searching for identity often fall prey to the tantalizing notion of gang membership.
Young people see no connection between marriage and their own sense of being Jewish.
Young people see no harm in that trend.
Young people see old people as the enemy.
Young people see their friends or relatives fall prey to fraud.
Young people see things and get ideas that are difficult for the older people to even understand.
Young people see violence happen a lot.
Young people see volunteering as a great way to improve job opportunities.
Young people seek so much the approval of the group.
Young people seem decidedly odd.
Young people seem more able to fathom the feeling of rowing with the wind.
Young people seem particularly vulnerable to such messages.
Young people seem to agree.
Young people seem to be affected more than the elderly.
Young people seem to be attracted to inhalants because they're accessible.
Young people seem to be drawn to activities that reach out to the community.
Young people seem to get a message or feel that education is no longer valid or important.
Young people seem to have built in radars to detect their own kind.
Young people seem to stay the same.
Young people seem to think they have all the time in the world to straighten up.
Young people sense a growing measure of class consciousness.
Young people serve useful roles in their school, family and community.
Young people shoot and kill each other and their elders just for the sake of wasting someone.
Young people show no respect.
Young people sing and court.
Young people sit in the south.
Young people smoke because it is an act of rebellion.
Young people sniff it to get high, so it can no longer be sold to someone under age.
Young people speak English fluently enough to maintain a basic conversations.
Young people speak up .
Young people speak with their behavior.
Young people spend all kinds of money on good sound and they get it too.
Young people spend more waking hours in school than any other single place.
Young people stage a wet T-shirt contest to make money.
Young people stand ready to be part of the solution when given the opportunity.
Young people start to buy as the older folks move to warmer climates.
Young people start using technology as a means to learn as well as research information.
Young people stay in the church more due to social pressure than religious conviction.
Young people stride by confidently, an old couple cling to each other.
Young people struggling with homosexuality often feel they have nowhere to turn.
Young people study one or two languages at school.
Young people suffer an information and skill deficit about politics and the process of voting.
Young people suffer from stress, anxiety and even illness as a result of exam pressures.
Young people suffer high victimization rates for murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault.
Young people take Ecstasy to keep up their energy levels at all-night rave parties.
Young people take leadership in the multicultural festivals and together create a mural.
Young people take on summer jobs such as working as lifeguards and camp counsellors.
Young people take over and the old folks go on.
Young people take pride in their strength, but the gray hairs of wisdom are even more beautiful.
Young people take risks, test limits, experiment.
Young people take risks.
Young people take their cue from their teachers.
Young people take their cues from adults.
Young people take their cues from their elders, from what they hear from their rabbis and teachers.
Young people talk about how they feel as siblings of the physically handicapped.
Young people talk about their experiences with name calling.
Young people talk to each other about it.
Young people talk to one another through the wire fence.
Young people teach their peers how to resist drugs, alcohol, tobacco and sexual pressures.
Young people tell stories among themselves.
Young people tend to absorb calcium better than older people.
Young people tend to be learning and pure in their desires.
Young people tend to be results-oriented.
Young people tend to be turned off by the partisan tone of Washington.
Young people tend to consider that it's old people who die.
Young people tend to deny they're dying, experts agree.
Young people tend to experience a lot of inner conflict.
Young people tend to get excess problems while older people tend toward the deficient type issues.
Young people tend to have a fresh perspective on problems.
Young people tend to marry people they meet in the same informal social circles.
Young people tend to read more than older people do.
Young people tend to see problems with work as imposed and solved by external means.
Young people tend to see the 'young lady' first.
Young people tend to underestimate the addictiveness of nicotine .
Young people tend to underestimate the addictiveness of nicotine.
Young people think and feel differently from the middle-aged and the elderly, the author notes.
Young People Think Of Running Away For Various Reasons.
Young people think only old people get it.
Young people think that respect comes from wearing name-brand merchandise and riding in fancy cars.
Young people think that they are bulletproof.
Young people think that they know all about sex, but they know nothing of love.
Young people think they're invincible.
Young people thrive on encouragement and deserved praise.
Young people thrive when they are shown respect.
Young people touch their elders' feet to pay their respect.
Young people translate the lack of connection and responsiveness from their parents as apathy.
Young people try alcohol and other drugs for a host of reasons.
Young people try to find their identity and express it.
Young people trying to impress their date try to use two fingers.
Young people tune out when messages are overbearing or use scare tactics.
Young people turn first to their peers for help.
Young people turn out just fine.
Young people turn to other things to compensate for what they feel is missing in their own lives.
Young people turn to religion because of pent-up sexual anxiety and tension.
Young people underestimate the addictiveness of nicotine.
Young people understand and celebrate the meaning of Christian joy in all of life's situations.
Young people understand that.
Young people understand youth issues.
Young people use solar panels and batteries for outdoor activities.
Young people use the schools as forums to act out their pain, prejudice, and disillusionment.
Young people use their bodies to express their cultural creativity and the pleasure of being young.
Young people use Tswana or English as second language.
Young people value kindness and honesty.
Young people view managing money as a symbol of maturity and independence.
Young people volunteer one hour or more per week to help others.
Young people volunteer to join the guild and are also invited to join.
Young people vote less than any other age group.
Young people wake up to it, drive to it, play to it, study to it, and go to sleep to it.
Young people wanting to participate can subscribe online.
Young people watch and copy.
Young people wear loose and grungy clothes as a rebellious fashion statement.
Young people welcome.
Young people wish to be older, and older people wish to be younger.
Young people wishing to become man and wife, simply move in one place and live together.
Young people wonder if they've chosen the right college or spouse or vocation.
Young people wonder what drugs do.
Young people work hard to earn their degrees.
Young people work in various occupations.
All young people are to share in a common framework of knowledge, culture and values.
All young people are welcome to attend.
All young people assess the available options and decide which are most attractive.
All young people deserve respect .
All young people deserve to be recognized for their individual and group efforts.
All young people develop best in an environment in which they feel comfortable and at home.
All young people develop.
All young people do, too.
All young people drink a little and smoke cigarettes.
All young people go on an exodus from childhood into adulthood.
All young people have a right to accurate information about sexuality and sex.
All young people have a right to an inventive future.
All young people have an opportunity to continue learning, either in education or through training.
All young people have positive traits and skills.
All young people have the capacity to develop and transform as they move toward positive adulthood.
All young people have the right to learn.
All young people have the right to technology.
All young people imagine a bride as wearing snow white dress of the West.
All young people participate in daily structured school programming based on their individual needs.
Many young people accept as truth what they see on movie and television screens.
Many young people are also involved in criminal gangs.
Many young people are bright and eager.
Many young people are carriers while in junior and senior high school.
Many young people are confused about which careers to follow.
Many young people are disillusionedwith politics.
Many young people are indifferent to religion.
Many young people are interested and travelling anyway.
Many young people are just as good at casting as adults.
Many young people are misinformed regarding shoplifting laws and consequences.
Many young people are ready to grasp some of the intellectual facets of the Christian worldview.
Many young people are very articulate.
Many young people are very sophisticated in their drug use.
Many young people attend college in a state different than their own and move around a lot.
Many young people attend the congress on their own.
Many young people beg on streets for money to feed their families.
Many young people begin romantic relationships prematurely.
Many young people begin smoking for reasons that blend liberation and rebellion.
Many young people believe in the idea of service.
Many young people believe myths about sexual violence and rape.
Many young people believe that carrying a gun is essential to daily survival in today's world.
Many young people believe they are immortal.
Many young people borrow or copy convictions from someone else they admire.
Many young people break the law or encourage others to do so at some time in their lives.
Many young people bring powerful feelings of anger, helplessness, and despair to school.
Many young people can also speak English .
Many young people can also speak English.
Many young people can experience problems finding work because of basic skills needs.
Many young people can no longer afford to buy a new car.
Many young people choose the option of parenting.
Many young people come in contact with the criminal justice system.
Many young people come to spend a week at our mission.
Many young people come to the concerts.
Many young people come, students, Turkish and Kurdish, who appreciate the subject.
Many young people conclude that everyone is doing it.
Many young people continue the cycle of violence and are both the victims and the perpetrators.
Many young people die of old age.
Many young people do a lot of things on their own to help other people.
Many young people do assume responsibility for themselves at eighteen.
Many young people do indeed struggle with problems of substance abuse, hopelessness, or depression.
Many young people dream of becoming an attorney.
Many young people dream of traveling into space.
Many young people drink more than one kind of drink and what young people drink is changing.
Many young people dye their hair green for the special day.
Many young people enter into the world of computers via gaming.
Many young people enter schools or companies to start their new lives.
Many young people enter the workplace unprepared.
Many young people establish patterns of sexual behavior in their teens.
Many young people evidence a shocking lack of knowledge of human sexuality.
Many young people experience age discrimination in the housing market.
Many young people experience difficulties with eating and food at some time in their lives.
Many young people experience high levels of stress.
Many young people experience stress.
Many young people face a great deal of pressure to party, especially on weekends.
Many young people face challenges with literacy and homework assignments.
Many young people feel as if they are outsiders.
Many young people feel closer to the political party chosen by their parents.
Many young people feel considerable peer pressure to have sex.
Many young people feel free in Korea and Japan.
Many young people feel lonely and isolated in the world.
Many young people feel that their neighborhoods are dangerous and carry guns out of fear.
Many young people feel the same.
Many young people find their first job in a restaurant or bar.
Many young people find their first job in a supermarket.
Many young people finish school without acquiring the skill sets needed by employers.
Many young people get cash for a down payment from a relative.
Many young people get help from their parents.
Many young people get into trouble by copying what they see adults do on the farm.
Many young people get money from their parents and have little or no concept of personal finance.
Many young people go directly from school to the full-time labour force.
Many young people go through a phase of heavy drinking.
Many young people go through college or Bible school and then on to seminary.
Many young people go to a hospital first, because they want to feel really good about their skills.
Many young people have big hopes and exciting dreams for their lives.
Many young people have few choices and few hopes for a better future.
Many young people have little interaction with adults except their teachers and family members.
Many young people have little to do.
Many young people have misconceptions concerning the nature of healthy relationships.
Many young people have no idea what a career in anything is.
Many young people have nonspecific t-wave changes on their ecg's with normal hearts.
Many young people have passion and courage along with their rage.
Many young people have risk factors already.
Many young people have their first work experience in the fast food industry.
Many young people have to look no further than their own home to get access to a gun.
Many young people join the military to take advantage of educational and job training opportunities.
Many young people know some English from school.
Many young people lack that essential support.
Many young people leave and never return.
Many young people leave high school ill-equipped for jobs in the modern workplace.
Many young people leave high school unprepared for the career they want to pursue.
Many young people leave high school with a narrow plan of action and with few alternatives.
Many young people leave the area to attend higher education in Adelaide.
Many young people lie about their alcohol and drug use.
Many young people lie about their alcohol and other drug use.
Many young people lie about their drug use.
Many young people live in areas with high levels of unemployment.
Many young people live in families where the use of alcohol is a part of normal life.
Many young people live there, so there are always people on the street, it is safe.
Many young people look to gang leaders as role models.
Many young people love to come back time after time.
Many young people make choices to leave high school before graduating.
Many young people own guns themselves or have access to guns with parental permission.
Many young people pass their time in a fantasy world of drugs, music and sex.
Many young people practice unhealthy nutrition and sedentary lifestyles.
Many young people pursue postsecondary education in the first few years after high school.
Many young people react to the shock of divorce with anger and uneasiness.
Many young people refuse to attend and the reports are often of poor quality.
Many young people resist the temptations of consumerism.
Many young people return to the program as volunteers themselves or enter law enforcement.
Many young people say that drinking alcohol is part of growing up.
Many young people say they feel ignored.
Many young people search to fill their very real spiritual hungers with artificial substitutes.
Many young people see cohabitation as giving marriage a trial run.
Many young people see politics as irrelevant to their lives.
Many young people see their vote as insignificant due to the current electoral rules.
Many young people see themselves in 'bits', focusing on features or body parts separately.
Many young people seek information from libraries that they are embarrassed or afraid to ask about.
Many young people seem deeply committed to public improvement.
Many young people seem to have no work ethic today.
Many young people seem to want to be about as far away from marriage as they can get.
Many young people start dating as they move through puberty and the teen years.
Many young people struggle with the same doubts and feelings.
Many young people suffer from malnutrition.
Many young people take a deep interest in the problems of the earth and of the poor.
Many young people tend to ask the same important questions about puberty and the changes it brings.
Many young people think life jackets are hot, bulky, and ugly.
Many young people think nothing of lying b.
Many young people think of Hispanic culture as coming from a single country.
Many young people think smokeless tobacco is safer than smoking cigarettes.
Many young people think their stupid jobs are temporary.
Many young people think they can quit when they re older.
Many young people try alcohol and other drugs.
Many young people try to forget the traditional ways and notions and adopt the new ways of thinking.
Many young people use drugs simply because their friends do.
Many young people view working in the computer field as the ultimate job.
Many young people visit here on weekends.
Many young people wander in out of curiosity and eventually get saved.
Many young people wonder what their options are to learn about live sound.
Many young people worry about their weight.
More young people lose their faith in a secular college than in a public high school.
More young people trickle out of the state.
More young people understand the dangers of abusing inhalants.
Most young people are at home in cyberspace.
Most young people are away from home and family for the first time when they go to college.
Most young people are busier than ever - with soccer, schoolwork, and music lessons.
Most young people are embarrassed to talk about sex.
Most young people are extremely confused about sex.
Most young people are far better informed than their parents about drug abuse.
Most young people are ignorant about the more common infections.
Most young people are neither stupid nor helpless.
Most young people are students.
Most young people are unwilling to live a celibate life.
Most young people are very curious about baby animals and how they grow.
Most young people are very modern.
Most young people begin to thrive more on structure, research, and application during the late jr.
Most young people can become literate through early intervention.
Most young people can easily afford to buy alcohol.
Most young people can keep perspective, with a healthy degree of self-respect.
Most young people can legally hunt before they can comfortably handle a full-sized rifle or shotgun.
Most young people complain of a terrible home life.
Most young people consider religious life at some point if only for a moment.
Most young people do, however, believe in the draft straight from high school.
Most young people drink alcohol without experiencing any serious harm.
Most young people enjoy picnics.
Most young people enjoy the first few weeks of the summer.
Most young people enter adulthood and marriage poorly prepared to handle financial responsibilities.
Most young people entering collage have no clue why they are going or what they want to be.
Most young people feel as if they are invulnerable.
Most young people feel strongly about issues which they believe are unfair in their lives.
Most young people feel that there is no such thing as job security or ministry loyalty.
Most young people focus on what they are doing and get on with it.
Most young people get spots around puberty.
Most young people get their first taste of budgeting in college.
Most young people get through their adolescent years without major problems.
Most young people go steady for the wrong reason.
Most young people grow up with no knowledge of native plants and animals.
Most young people handle the ups, downs and uncertainties fairly well.
Most young people hang out here, especially in summer.
Most young people have a blood pressure reading of one hundred thirty over eighty or less.
Most young people have a very negative attitude for the government.
Most young people have an innate ability to deny the obvious.
Most young people have bikes rather than cars.
Most young people have friendship networks, groups and gangs.
Most young people have only enough skills to get a minimum wage job.
Most young people have only one opportunity to participate.
Most young people hold expectations for their future loves, livelihoods, and living situations.
Most young people identify with sports and sports stars.
Most young people know someone who does.
Most young people leave the country for university studies abroad.
Most young people leave the villages to find work in the cities and towns.
Most young people live in challenge environments.
Most young people live in environments.
Most young people say that they'd like to quit smoking.
Most young people see best friends.
Most young people see friends.
Most young people see occasional drug use in the same way as alcohol - as part of normal life.
Most young people select their own marriage.
Most young people start preparing for their time in the army a few years before it happens.
Most young people stay in hostels for the first few weeks.
Most young people support common-sense gun laws, and many are organizing to stop gun violence.
Most young people survive adolescence without major problems.
Most young people think so.
Most young people todayseemtocareonlyabout themselves.
Most young people value the opinions of their peers highly.
Some young people applaud the county proposal.
Some young people are at risk immediately.
Some young people are impressionable.
Some young people are more comfortable with a modern style and want change.
Some young people are more vulnerable to developing vocal nodules and vocal strain than others.
Some young people are social smokers, lighting up only at parties or when they go out.
Some young people are too impatient for change - disillusioned by the setbacks.
Some young people are wary of commitment, and view marriage as a trap.
Some young people become prostitutes in order to make money.
Some young people believe growing up means abandoning their ideals.
Some young people believe that marijuana use leads to more dangerous illegal drugs.
Some young people choose lifestyles of nonconformity simply to be different.
Some young people choose to finance their education through the military.
Some young people come to the center searching for their identities.
Some young people die after onsets.
Some young people do it on a dare and to get a thrill.
Some young people drop out of school to have their babies.
Some young people explain interest.
Some young people feel liberated, others feel trapped.
Some young people feel that they are considered weird if they live by Christian principles.
Some young people get their hair spiked or shaved.
Some young people go by bicycle or by motorbike.
Some young people go by bicycle or motorbike.
Some young people have deep convictions about dancing.
Some young people have great difficulty in managing their relationships with peers and family.
Some young people have no way of relieving their poverty, no fall- back position at all.
Some young people know what church is all about but are unable to attend.
Some young people leave.
Some young people love gods.
Some young people move into places on their own or move in to share with others.
Some young people purchase their first home before they establish family relationships of their own.
Some young people resent having to show proof of age.
Some young people see hats as a sign of personal growth.
Some young people spend their vacation in Florida building houses.
Some young people spray water on the people on the cars by using big pumps from stages.
Some young people test the limits of acceptability.
Some young people think it is important to have a particular model or brand.
Some young people use alcohol and other drugs to try and reduce stress in their lives.
Some young people use alcohol to try to blot out problems they are having.
Some young people use it because they see older people in the family using it.
Some young people view it too soberly.
Some young people write software that revolutionizes the music world.
Young perch eat plankton and insects while older perch feed mostly on fish.
Young peregrines are a dark brown on the back and head.
Young peregrines are completely dependent on their on their parents.
Young performers play a variety of classical, folk, and electric guitar pieces.
Young perpetrators provide a real conundrum for the education and justice systems.
A young person is a person
Young people are juveniles.
Young people are people.
Young people get license.
Young people live in challenge environments.
Young people live in environments.
Young people see best friends.
Young people see friends.
Young person accepts and takes personal responsibility.
Young person acts on convictions and stands up for beliefs.
Young person can resist negative peer pressure and dangerous situations.
Young person experiences caring neighbors.
Young person feels safe at home, at school, and in the neighborhood.
Young person feels safe at home, school, and in the neighborhood.
Young person has empathy sensitivity, and friendship skills.
Young person has empathy, sensitivity and friendship skills.
Young person has empathy, sensitivity, and friendhip skills.
Young person has empathy, sensitivity, and friendship skills.
Young person is motivated to do well in school.
Young person is willing to seek parental advice and counsel.
Young person knows how to plan ahead and make choices.
Young person perceives that adults in the community value youth.
Young person perceives that the community adults value youth.
Young person places high value on helping other people.
Young person places high value on promoting equality and reducing hunger and poverty.
Young person reads for pleasure three or more hours per week.
Young person receives support from three or mor nonparent adults.
Young person receives support from three or more non parent adults.
Young person receives support from three or more nonparent adults.
Young person receives support from three or more non-parent adults.
Young person receives support from three other non-parent adults.
Young person reports doing at least one hour of homework every school day.
Young person reports having a high self-esteem.
Young person reports having high self-esteem.
Young person s best friends model responsible behavior.
Young person seeks to resolve conflict non-violently.
Young person seeks to resolve conflict nonviolently.
Young person serves in the community one hour or more per week.
Young person serves in the community one-hour or more per week.
Young person serves one hour or more per week.
Young person spends one hour or more per week in activities in a religious institution.
Young person spends one or more hours per week in activities in a religious institution.
Young person spends three or more hours per week in activities in a religious institution.
Young persons are particularly susceptible to illicit drugs.
Young persons fall in love.
Young persons receive special treatment under our law.
Young persons serve the real time to which they are sentenced.
Any young person considering taking the class is encouraged to attend one of the meetings.
Any young person needs praise and rewards when they improve their behaviour.
Every young person benefits from the guidance of a supportive adult - a mentor.
Every young person deserves to live, love and be loved.
Every young person deserves to live, love, and be loved.
Every young person deserves to look forward to a good day.
Every young person has a valuable contribution to make to the world.
Every young person has hopes.
Every young person has the opportunity to participate in a variety of sports.
Every young person is a potential leader.
Every young person is guilty of sin.
Every young person needs compassion and special attention.
Every young person needs to experience formal and informal relational support on a daily basis.
Every young person needs to feel a sense of connection when they go to school.
Most young persons are excessively fond of novels and romances.
Young pets learn to distinguish acceptable and unacceptable behavior.
Young pets require time for house- breaking, training and feeding.
Young pets require time for housebreaking, training and feeding.
Young pheasants grow up quickly and can fly within two weeks.
Young pheasants reach ages.
Young pheasants spend their first summer in specially harvested wheat fields.
Most young pheasants reach ages.
Young philanthropists learn to give responsibly The presentation was going well.
Young photographers tend to think they are going to go out and bag something nobody has ever seen.
Young physicians can participate in online surveys and in discussion groups.
Most young physicians coming out of training think they're pretty smart.
Young physicists prepare to repel hordes of English types.
Young pigs are also small enough that one person can safely perform the procedure.
Young pigs are easier to hold or restrain.
Young pigs are much more susceptible than adults.
Young pigs are the most sensitive to aflatoxin effects.
Young pigs develop responses.
Young pigs move over to corn feed extremely well and they look great.
Most young pigs develop responses.
Some young pigs can have digestive symptoms.
Some young pigs can have symptoms.
Some young pigs treat with growth hormones.
Some young pigs treat with hormones.
Young pike feed primarily on insects and small fish.
Young pilots have a relatively high rate.
Young pines have branches that are too widely spaced to offer sufficient protection.
Young pitchers continue to over through.
Young pitchers suffer as much as older pitchers from injury and ineffectiveness.
Every young pitcher is a very good pitcher.
Many young pitchers break their hands improperly.
Many young pitchers have difficulty with balance.
Most young pitchers miss high when throwing a change-up.
Young plants appear normal, but become stunted as they develop.
Young plants are almost fern-like.
Young plants are characteristically ligulate.
Young plants are covered with downy hairs.
Young plants are dull gray and turn reddish-purple at maturity.
Young plants are easily to raise from seed and, with their juvenile foliage, are most attractive.
Young plants are easy to transplant.
Young plants are equally drought resistant.
Young plants are equally tall and wide.
Young plants are especially vulnerable because their root systems are small.
Young plants are first globular, then barrel-shaped, but more slender than fishhook barrels.
Young plants are generally available from nurseries dealing in native species.
Young plants are generally pyramidal, becoming broader and less regular in habit with age.
Young plants are green, but as they mature they change to red and then brown.
Young plants are in fair condition.
Young plants are in fair to good condition.
Young plants are in good condition while older plants are in fair condition.
Young plants are in good condition.
Young plants are more sensitive to cold than mature grass plants.
Young plants are more susceptible than old plants, and the disease can survive in some weeds.
Young plants are more susceptible than older plants.
Young plants are most at risk as the leaf feeding can be so severe that the plants die.
Young plants are most susceptible to control with chemicals.
Young plants are normally vigorous, single stemmed, and have pyramidal forms.
Young plants are preferred.
Young plants are prone to mealy bug and red spider mite.
Young plants are pubescent, but mature plants are sparingly so.
Young plants are quite fragile.
Young plants are shrubbier, but soon grow more upright.
Young plants are slow to establish, but grow more rapidly after the first or second year.
Young plants are slow-growing, and larger plants are hard to transplant.
Young plants are softer and seem more moist than full-grown plants.
Young plants are suitable for livestock forage and are sometimes grazed.
Young plants are susceptible to frost.
Young plants are very frost tender.
Young plants are very susceptible.
Young plants are very tender and easily injured by frost.
Young plants become dark grey and fissured with age.
Young plants begin bearing male flowers and do so all through flowering.
Young plants benefit from pinching.
Young plants benefit greatly from supplemental water.
Young plants can often recover from caterpillar feeding without much yield loss.
Young plants can tolerate colder and warmer temperatures than older plants.
Young plants can withstand stress conditions like drought, frost etc.
Young plants consist of a single stem which has one growing point.
Young plants do well in a mixture of equal parts leaf-mold or peat and loam.
Young plants do well in pots for many years, looking something like pineapples.
Young plants do well in pots for many years.
Young plants emerge from a soil, which looked to be baron and hostile.
Young plants emerge, become chlorotic, and die back to soil level while roots appear normal.
Young plants feature a reddish bark.
Young plants form a month or so after that.
Young plants form a rosette.
Young plants form an attractive caudex and make excellent bonsai.
Young plants form at the end of runners.
Young plants grow leaves.
Young plants have a lower threshold because they are more easily killed than older plants.
Young plants have a narrow pyramidal form.
Young plants have aromatic foliage that smells like sage when bruised.
Young plants have few leaves, while very old plants have many.
Young plants have round, fleshy leaves that grow in little bunches along the stem.
Young plants have small leaves with only three to five leaflets.
Young plants have small, tender leaves and a mild flavor.
Young plants have smaller leaves that lie flat on the water surface.
Young plants have watery, soft lesions near cotyledonary node.
Young plants look like fountains of grass.
Young plants placed inside containers grow to the space they have.
Young plants remain in good condition.
Young plants require more water than mature plants.
Young plants require protection from grazing animals.
Young plants respond well to shaping and training.
Young plants show a white mildew growth on the underside of the leaves.
Young plants show good shade tolerance.
Young plants show improved growth.
Young plants survive winter and early spring as low-growing rosettes.
Young plants tolerate light frosts.
Young plants transplant well.
Young plants undergo systemic infection resulting in stunting and leaf streaking.
Young plants wilt and collapse.
Young plants wilt and die rapidly.
Young plants wilt and fall over.
Most young plants grow leaves.
Some young plants produce spores.
Young plantations are more vulnerable compared to old plantations.
Young platypuses have proper teeth that fall out soon after they first enter the burrow.
Young player scores TWO holes in one during a competition round.
Young players are particularly cheap, because of the rookie salary cap.
Young players can add a lot to a team.
Young players can come out and shine right away.
Young players can learn libraries.
Young players can rent equipment for their first two years and play weekly.
Young players change their minds.
Young players come into the team and are easily corrupted.
Young players develop at different rates.
Young players gain such great experience from playing against the world's best.
Young players get chances.
Young players have a hard time with outside pitches.
Young players have ability.
Young players have exceptional ability.
Young players have to be respectful.
Young players have to go to Europe to compete.
Young players have to understand it's just one win.
Young players join, develop and hone their skills, and then move on.
Young players know our repertoire and even imitate our stage shows.
Young players learn the game in the city's midget football league.
Young players like to challenge themselves.
Young players make errors from youth.
Young players make every possible mistake.
Young players protect wealth.
Young players seem to go into slumps longer than veterans do.
Young players tend to start their pivot before correcting their position.
Young players work with, learn from and compete against the veterans.
All young players have to grow in that area.
Many young players are to be commended on their willingness to help out when they can.
Many young players aspire to winning their county championship.
Many young players assume that the secret to such power lies in the arm and wrist.
Many young players equate great players with speed.
Many young players feel nervous, which is natural.
Many young players have trouble catching because they catch with stiff arms.
Many young players waste valuable time waiting for their turn to hit.
Most young players are too preoccupied with distance.
Most young players can come in and learn the basics.
Most young players get chances.
Most young players have ability.
Most young players have exceptional ability.
Most young players play before the beat.
Most young players protect wealth.
Most young players take three years to reach their full potential.
Most young players think the game is about shooting three pointers and slamming dunks.
Most young players walk to the ball.
Some young players avoid injuries.
Some young players get time.
Some young players learn the proper techniques more rapidly than others.
Young playwrights can create playbills and printable scripts.
Young plovers are able to walk and feed within hours of hatching.
Young plovers resemble the winter plumage of their parents until the following spring.
Young poets are so eager for feedback on their work.
Young policewomen have cases.
Most young policewomen have cases.
Young politicians fortunate to step into such posts generally find their path is clear.
Young ponies are called foals.
Young porcupines are weaned in a week, but stay near their mothers through their first summer.
Most young porcupines are ready to live on their own at about two months of age.
Young possums are weaned at two and half months of age, and are independent at three and a half.
Young potters create dishes, cups and shisa in traditional ways along with more modern pottery.
Some young preachers are careless about their health and habits .
Young preemies spend most of their time in light sleep.
Young pregnancies are always traumatic for the individuals and families involved.
Young preschoolers know what it's like to have a close friend.
Young primates have a lot to learn.
Young primates learn from elders in their group about proper foraging.
Young professionals are a unique niche in ministry.
Young professionals can connect with mentors for guidance in career and professional development.
Young professionals compete in international design competition.
Young professionals enjoy alternating DJ's and live bands.
Young professionals hope they can cling to Malaysia's moderate legacy.
Young professionals like to frequent bars, restaurants and discos at night.
Young professionals speak about their experiences in the ad industry.
Young professionals spend their last term enhancing their creative product.
Many young professionals are city dwellers.
Many young professionals live in the building.
Young professors are more likely to be engaged for their research capabilities in a particular area.
Young programmers grow old, unless they die in the attempt.
Young pronghorn are a kick to watch, tiny creatures that run so fast their feet are a blur.
Young puffballs are uniformly white with a firm inside and a thin and fragile outer skin.
Young puffins remain on the open sea during the summer of their first year.
Young pulsars are interesting for a variety of reasons.
Young pulsars are naturally rare, and born near the Galactic plane.
Young pumas have spots.
Young punks are after their jobs, women are bitches only after everything they can get.
Young pups are able to swim almost immediately after birth.
Young pups are especially vulnerable to broken bones and other injuries from careless treatment.
Young pups are very playful and can often been seen romping near their burrows.
Young pups detach quite easily and without visible damage to the plant.
Young pups have very fast heartbeats, it is nothing to worry about.
Some young pups drink milk.
Some young pups follow adults.
Some young pups stay in dens.
Young pupae are white, but are yellow and black colors when wasps are ready to emerge.
Young puppies are in the most danger but they can kill older puppies too by eating all the blood.
Young puppies are very dependent on people and other dogs for instructions.
Young puppies can have reaction.
Young puppies can have severe reaction.
Young puppies can learn many valuable lessons from older, more settled dogs.
Young puppies eat dry food.
Young puppies eat food.
Many young puppies are distraught about being separated from their owners.
Many young puppies fall into inground swimming pools with tragic results.
Most young puppies can have reaction.
Most young puppies can have severe reaction.
Most young puppies eat dry food.
Most young puppies eat food.
Young pussy is better than old pussy.
Young quail depend on parents and siblings for warmth.
Young quarterbacks run into trouble when the try and predetermine what they are going to do.
Young queens resemble a juvenile blue angelfish.
Young rabbits appear to have an ability to withstand the virus.
Young rabbits are able to climb into the clump to escape drowing or chilling rains.
Young rabbits are most susceptible to hepatic coccidiosis with severe infections resulting in death.
Young rabbits are prone to stomach upsets when presented with abrupt changes in feed.
Young rabbits are the most susceptible.
Young rabbits can have an unlimited amount of rabbit pellets to eat.
Young rabbits mature quickly and are self-sufficient after only four or five weeks.
Young rabbits open eyes.
Young raccoons are playful, affectionate, curious, and they use a litter box faithfully.
Young raccoons are raised by their mothers until they disperse from the group in the autumn.
Many young raccoons pass away before ever getting to the age of physical maturity.
Young racers have a distinctive pattern that slowly fades as they mature.
Young racers have dark blotches along back and spotted sides.
Young rams stay with their mothers until two years of age.
Young rats are sexually mature in about three months.
Young rats become sexually mature at about three months, with most living six months to a year.
Young rats consume diets.
Young rats eat food.
Young rats eat solid food.
Young rats have a shorter depth of the anterior chamber than older rats.
Young rats reach reproductive maturity in about three months.
Young rats require more protein in the form of milk, cooked meat or complete dried dog food.
Most young rats eat food.
Most young rats eat solid food.
Young rattlers are completely independent of the mother.
Young rattlers are very independent .
Young raunch is very pleasing to some enthusiasts and other like older hardcore raunch.
Young readers are sure to relate to the fears and the tips offered by their peers.
Young readers are the most challenging, demanding, and rewarding of audiences.
Young readers can also benefit from reading books that are set in their local regions.
Young readers can construct meaning from a variety of texts.
Young readers can correspond with the magazine via e-mail and find addresses of favorite athletes.
Young readers can easily access their favorite pages to read again and again.
Young readers can explore the art of papermaking and several other hands-on craft activities.
Young readers can explore their personal histories by interviewing parents, aunts, uncles, etc.
Young readers can go to the library and pick up their reading scorecard bookmark.
Young readers can have fun in many ways while incidentally learning about a subject in depth.
Young readers can identify their favorite states by color, size, and shape.
Young readers can join in the fun using the stickers that are included.
Young readers can practice counting and naming colors.
Young readers can supply words or pictures of their own experiences with their grandfathers.
Young readers can travel the world through imagery and imagination.
Young readers discover science through art activities.
Young readers discover the fascinating world of numbers while playing an amusing game.
Young readers find that it is the personal accounts, like the diary, that are most moving.
Young readers get a glimpse into what inspired important novelists, poets, and playwrights.
Young readers get downright testy when the cover is misleading.
Young readers have a voracious appetite for books about dinosaurs.
Young Readers Learn about books on the net and read reviews for and by kids.
Young readers learn how to crack codes and write hidden messages.
Young readers learn the og sound, with words that include fog, log, and dog.
Young readers learn to identify and cope with stressful situations.
Young readers love simple stories about themselves.
Young readers require books with simple words and strong, simple storylines.
Young readers review.
Young readers watch land being cleared, holes being dug, and concrete being poured.
Most young readers suffer a backslide in reading skills during their summer downtime.
Many young rebels are short on cash.
Young receivers are more likely to improve than young RBs.
Young recruit is raped by a senior officer and has to decide whether to take legal actions.
Young red foxes have skills.
Young relationships are such pathetic endeavors.
Young relative has a problem with stealing.
Young remoras look like miniature version of adults.
Most young reporters start out at small newspapers.
Young reproduction is healthy and vigorous.
Young researchers are attuned to that entrepreneurial way of thinking.
Young researchers are our best resource in moving towards a self-sustaining network.
Young revolutionaries fight social injustice and the caste system.
Young rhea grows quickly and it reaches adult size in six months.
Young rhinos are occasionally prey items for large carnivores such as lions and hyenas.
Young rhinos can fall prey to predators such as big cats, crocodiles, wild dogs, and hyena.
Young rhizomes are generally capable of rapid and active growth.
Young riders aspire to next level.
Young riders challenge their skills on the same course as the adults with shorter distances.
Young riders learn balance and confidence without worrying about controlling the horse.
Young riders pick a destination and go.
Young riders sit up tall and can see straight ahead.
Young riders wear light, mostly silk clothes and a cloak with symbolic ornaments.
Many young riders get their start here before moving on to the professional circuits.
Young robins are paler than adults and have dark spots on the chest.
Young robins have a spotted or streaked breast.
Young roosters begin to show colored feathers on their breasts and necks at eight weeks.
Young roosters reach maturity.
Young roosters reach sexual maturity.
Most young roosters reach maturity.
Most young roosters reach sexual maturity.
Young roots are chewed for their sweetness.
Young roots are very tender and great care is necessary to avoid damage.
Young roots contain only hyoscyamine.
Young roots emerge on the higher shoot portions.
Young roots have milder taste and crunchy, juicy texture.
Young roots turn black at the tips and die back.
Young rosettes are hairless with a waxy surface on both the upper and lower leaf blades.
Many young salespeople talk too much.
Young salmon are able to detect immeasurable traces of elements present in their environment.
Young salmon are excellent food sources for a large variety of animals.
Young salmon are particularly sensitive to chromium.
Young salmon begin a feeding response within a few days.
Young salmon have sacs.
Young salmon have yolk sacs.
Young salmon migrate to sea.
Young salmon spend one to four years in their natal river.
Most young salmon are cryptic, in that that they blend with the bottom.
Most young salmon have sacs.
Most young salmon have yolk sacs.
Young salmonids are the most vulnerable.
Young salmonids stay close to the coastline when they first reach the sea.
Young saplings tolerate wind and atmospheric pollution.
Young savers can earn interest regardless of the account balance.
Young saxophonists continue to find aspiration in Hawkins' recordings.
Young saxophonists continue to find inspiration in Hawkins's recordings.
Young scales appear in the spring.
Young scholars wants more and so do the athletes.
Young scientists are to be given a greater opportunity to manage their own sub-projects.
Young scientists can learn about species, ecosystems, pests, bug identification, and even cuisine.
Young scientists have similar needs.
Young scientists make kites, magnetic toys, and light circuits to take home.
Young scientists receive pilot funding for new research ideas leading to larger grants.
Young scientists showcase their talents in collegial competition.
Young scientists voice hopes and fears for the future.
Young scientists watching and helping perform an enlightening test.
Many young scientists make scientific projects as a result of their interest.
Young scorpions bear a resemblance to their parents.
Young scorpions develop within the mother's body.
Young seals become tame within moments after birth.
Young seals eat proportionally more shrimps than do older animals.
Young seals feed in the surface waters while adult harps dive deeper for cod and herring.
Young seals wander widely.
Young seedlings are affected near the ground level.
Young seedlings are damaged by rodents.
Young seedlings are especially resistant to the effects of fall drought.
Young seedlings are highly susceptible.
Young seedlings are killed before they come out of the soil.
Young seedlings are liable to damage by ants and defoliation by frost and are very often killed.
Young seedlings are susceptible to damping-off.
Young seedlings are susceptible to rodent, slug, and other invertebrate predation.
Young seedlings die quickly and never grow to produce fruit.
Young seedlings emerge in the spring and resemble a miniature pine tree.
Young seedlings have difficulty emerging through dense straw or the chaff row.
Young seedlings have little capacity to withstand stress, so keep well watered the first year.
Young seedlings prefer filtered light but soon tolerate full sun in most areas.
Young seedlings require protection from browsing animals.
Many young seedlings arise in adjacent pots, and most have been hybrids.
Young seminarians have to start some time, and humbly learn from their mistakes.
Young sewers can start the projects with an adult putting on the finishing touches.
Young sharks are ready to take care for themselves from the very moment they born.
Some young sharks reach maturity.
Young shoots are edible.
Young shoots are greenish brown, but become brown and woody as they mature.
Young shoots are often girdled and killed.
Young shoots are the most tender and sweet.
Young shoots are very susceptible to infection and rapid disease development.
Young shoots become stunted, stalks are weak, stems are shorter, and blooms become distorted.
Young shoots have a rolled vernation .
Young shoots have olive green twigs.
Young shoots make an excellent vegetable.
Young shoots reddish at first, turning grayish after.
Young shoots reddish, arching and downy at first.
Young shoots reddish.
Young shoppers carry backpacks stuffed with carrots, potatoes and onions.
Young shrimp go through several larval stages as they are carried shoreward by currents.
Young Sidewinders prefer lizards while older ones prefer rodents.
Young silkworms can only feed on tender mulberry leaves.
Young singers are prone to sing our of range.
Young singers have to figure out who has earned the right to give advice.
Young singers learn to use their voices properly, learning to blend and sing musically.
Young singers lose grandfathers.
Young singers make the mistake of singing grace notes too fast and unsupported.
Young singers sing.
Young singers vie for a place in the chorus.
All young singers are welcome.
Most young singers lose grandfathers.
Young singles are just as interested in the car as empty nesters and new families.
Young singles live there, and so do retired couples.
Young sites are lightly shaded while old sites are black.
Young skaters look on in devoted awe at the pro in their midst, in the air.
Young skiers start off on the Family Zone's adventure trails and terrain park.
Young skin can generally resist and repair much of the damage as it occurs.
Young skin has more fat cells in the dermis than older skin.
Young skin is especially vulnerable to sun damage.
Young skin is even more susceptible to sun damage than older skin.
Young skin suffers often from excess sebum secretion and large pores.
Young skinks have a bright blue tail.
Young skinks have black bodies with bright blue tails.
Young skinks have five white or yellowish stripes on a blackish body and a bright blue tail.
Young skunks follow mothers.
Young skunks stay with the female until autumn.
Most young skunks follow mothers.
Some young skunks stay in burrows.
Young sliders are carniverous.
Young slugs are more susceptible than older slugs.
Young smelt are often transparent.
Young smokers are more likely to become long term smokers.
Young smokers are more likely to use other drugs.
Young smokers are very loyal to a particular brand.
Young smokers can often list the health consequences but few see themselves at risk.
Young smokers consume nearly one billion packs of cigarettes a year.
Young smokers continue to increase.
Young smokers face higher risk of DNA damage, researchers say.
Young snakes are a pale color with a yellow tail tip.
Young snakes are common on the desert side but rare on the coast side of the mountains.
Young snakes are eaten by larger toads.
Young snakes can shed four or more times per year during their first two years of life.
Young snakes fend for themselves from birth.
Young snakes grow rapidly, feeding very frequently.
Young snakes use an egg tooth to break out out their shell.
All young snakes are independent of their mothers.
Young snowboards have fun on the slopes.
Young soils can retain the structure of the parent material.
Young soldiers can learn about the intensity of a first battle.
Young soldiers fight for liberty, protecting freedom's bliss.
Young soldiers fight for liberty, Protecting freedom's bliss.
Some young sons eat bananas.
Young souls are interested in having maximum impact on the outer world.
Young soybeans absorb sunlight with corn, wheat, and the tobacco barn in the distance.
Young spadefoots grow rapidly.
Young specimens are more colorful.
Young specimens are more grey in colour than adults.
Young specimens are often semiarboreal and occasionally adults can be found in bushes and low trees.
Young specimens are very restless and mobile, but an adult was of slow movement.
Young spectators are apt to give up their mind becoming hero in stage.
Young spectators watch the race shaded by sagebrush and sand.
Young spiders leave the nursery about one week later.
Young spiders use the catkin-like oak flowers as niches, where they trap small insect meals.
Most young spiders mature to adults in about one year.
Young sponges are orange and gradually turn to brown and then black as the sponge matures.
Young sponges are usually thin and flat, rather than thick and branching.
Young sporophytes appear in the spring and grow rapidly.
Young sporophytes have roots.
Most young sporophytes have roots.
Some young sporophytes become gametophytes.
Young spots are dark brown or purplish brown, older spots are brown with grey or whitish centers.
Young spots are red, occasionally brown or purple, and occur on upper leaf surfaces.
Young spots are uniformly colored but tend to develop a tan center as the disease develops.
Young spring leaves, boiled thrice.
Young sprouts fail to grow or die back.
Young squid can also feed on items that humans have polluted their waters with.
Young squid grow rapidly.
Young squirrels are deaf and blind during the first few weeks of their life.
Young squirrels are naturally curious and are on their own at a very young age.
Young squirrels enter their winter burrows later than the adults, if at all.
Young squirrels have teeth.
Young squirrels have to learn how to open hazelnuts.
Young squirrels live on nuts.
Young squirrels remain in the nest for about six weeks.
Most young squirrels have teeth.
Most young squirrels live on nuts.
Young staff are pleasant, courteous and obliging.
Young staff provide pleasant, casual service.
Young stages are usually black and white with a shiny sheen, resembling a bird dropping.
Young stands are less susceptible to winter injury due to fall harvesting than older stands.
Young stands are particularly susceptible to wildfire damage.
Young stands provide good winter cover, but only fair deer food.
Many young stands grow on old burn sites in which accumulated fuels have burned off.
Young stars accrete material the fastest, the team reports.
Young stars appear usually in groups.
Young stars are blue.
Young stars are the hottest.
Young stars are visible as clusters of blue stars.
Young stars behave in a similar way.
Young stars convert hydrogen to helium, a reaction that liberates vast amounts of heat.
Young stars develop by accreting matter.
Young stars fight through expectations .
Young stars generate more energy and are hotter shining brightly with a blue or white light.
Young stars get their energy from gravity.
Young stars influence the medium they are borned from giving rise to spectacular phenomena.
Young stars possess the most intense activity.
Young stars take the stage.
Many young stars emit an excess of cool infrared radiation.
Most young stars produce powerful collimated winds or jets during their birth.
Some young stars level off.
Young stems are consistently a yellow green color.
Young stems are cooked and served in Africa.
Young stems are pubescent, reddish brown, and slender, older stems exfoliating and split.
Young stems are smooth and green.
Young stems are smooth and greenish tan, turning darker with age as the bark roughens.
Young stems are smooth and shiny gray.
Young stock is sometimes available for sale.
Young storks adopt adult plumage by their second summer.
Young storks have legs.
Most young storks have legs.
Young stripers tend to move downstream to areas of higher salinity.
Young strippers eachothers group sex has been xxx adult sex linksers sometimes want.
Young stud is majorly bored.
Young student is a hero in Taiwan.
Young students are certainly capable of all three on an introductory level.
Young students are on the threshold of adulthood, walking through the door to their future.
Young students are quite familiar with computers and take to the computer editing process readily.
Young students begin to understand concepts of sharing and helping one another.
Young students can also use circle patterns to trace the circles.
Young students can attend summer camps or other special events on campus.
Young students can choose from topics such as shapes and colors.
Young students can earn money by baby-sitting.
Young students can gain potentially limitless knowledge and wisdom.
Young students can have fun while continuing their education during the summer months.
Young students can participate since the actual amount of text is small and easily typed.
Young students cruise the internet and research topics of interest.
Young students excel in the informal use of oral language.
Young students explore outdoor science and social skills.
Young students find it easier to tune to instruments with timbres similar to their own.
Young students have a difficult time conceptualizing many science concepts.
Young students have the questionnaire administered orally, and the form completed by an adult.
Young students identify, translate, and extend repeating rhythmic, verbal, and visual patterns.
Young students investigate number cubes.
Young students learn quickly and naturally.
Young students love to learn actions to new songs.
Young students love to play small percussion instrucments.
Young students represent their mathematical ideas and procedures in many ways.
Young students seem to learn primarily through a process of trial and error.
Young students solve real-world math problems using clues hidden in a fun, rhyming poem.
Young students tend to base their educational and career goals on what they have experienced.
Young students tend to interpret phenomena separately rather than in terms of a system.
Young students use dot pattern cards or dominoes to practice more, less, and same.
Young students use with fraction materials.
Many young students are under a lot of academic pressure and are pushed to perform.
Many young students commit the serious professional crime of plagiarism quite by accident.
Young subscribers tend to be major users of both voice and short message services.
Young suckers bear many stiff, straight spines.
Young sufferers get more frequent hunger pangs and mood swings when they resort to oral steroids.
Young summer has no choice.
Young supporters signal their approval.
Young swans accompany their parents for the first year, learning migration routes and staging areas.
Young swimmers can enjoy a space-walk, and everyone can win lots of prizes.
Young swimmers have ages.
Young swimmers have skeletal ages.
Most young swimmers have ages.
Most young swimmers have skeletal ages.
Young sycamores are sensitive to cold.
Young sycamores have short and long shoots, while mature trees have only short shoots.
Young tadpoles are black hence the contents of the eggs.
Young tadpoles feed by scraping algae off water weeds.
Young tadpoles have their gills exposed .
Young talent comes to Lexington .
Young talent is nurtured over time, and the courage to perform is enthusiastically applauded.
Young talents make best of a wasteful world.
Young tapir are vulnerable to carnivores such as jaguars, ocelots, and large caimans.
Young tapirs are spotted at first, as is the rule among forest- dwelling quadrupeds.
Young tapirs have a different coat pattern than adults.
Young tapirs have a reddish-brown coat marked with strips and spots for camouflage.
Young taproots look much like miniature carrot roots.
Young tarsiers are born furred, and with open eyes.
Young teachers can help with it.
Young team shows great effort, benefits from learning experience.
Young teams continue to improve.
Young teams have a certain fire in their eyes.
Young teams have to earn their stripes.
Young teams have trouble traveling sometimes.
Young teams tend to be good frontrunners.
All young teams have to go through something like that before they become great.
Most young teams do.
Some young teams don t want to do it.
Young technophiles swarm to gobble up the fastest and most clever new electronics.
Young teen hardbodies playing with each other and whipped cream, chocolate, bananas, and more.
Young teens are masters at changing the definition.
Young teens are often quite self conscious about body changes.
Young teens are often very worried about their feelings.
Young teens are so awkward.
Young teens are, in fact, very critical of one another and notice and pay attention to details.
Young teens are, in fact, very critical of one another and pay attention to details.
Young teens can babysit, wash cars, walk dogs, and mow grass for neighbors.
Young teens continue to smoke, despite warnings about the health consequences.
Young teens deliver fire safety news in the style of a music video.
Young teens feel valued and appreciated when their services are tapped for helping others.
Young teens get wet and nasty.
Young teens hang about on street corners looking for meaning.
Young teens have a unique way of coping.
Many young teens are sexually active.
Many young teens have trouble relating frailties, fears and experiences to parents.
Most young teens can read adult novels.
Young teenagers are by far the most likely to abort a pregnancy.
Many young teenagers are now experienced offenders.
Young theologians find options for a career other than as parish priests.
Young thespians are famous for their hunger for food, work, and money.
Young things ought to want to grow.
Young things sip cafecitos at sidewalk tables day and night.
Young thugs roam the streets, preying on the weak and drunk.
Young ticks can be as small as a pinhead and the adult ticks are only slightly larger.
Young tigers have similar coloration but their stripes are more grey-brown.
Young tigers leave their mother at about the same age to look for their own territory and to mate.
Young tigers leave their mother at about the same time to look for their own territory and a mate.
Young tissue cultured plants are vulner-able to weeds.
Young tissue is especially prone to damage from alternating freezing and thawing.
Young tissues are highly susceptible.
Young toads eat smaller sizes of the same prey that adults feed on.
Young toads have small dark, orange-tipped spots on the back.
Young toddlers are the trickiest to prepare.
Young toddlers are up and walking with increased motor and language skills.
Young toddlers enjoy true rhythm instruments, such as bells and rattles.
Young toddlers tend to talk about the present.
Young tops make excellent greens.
Young tortoises are generally more colorful overall.
Young toucans open their eyes after they are three weeks old.
Young tourists flock to Dublin's Internet Cafes.
Young trackers learn how to make a plaster cast of the moose they've been following.
Young transplants can dry out very quickly, especially if weather is sunny, warm and windy.
Young transsexuals journey to freedom.
Young travellers tend to be less cautious and are more likely to get travellers' diarrhoea.
Young travellers welcome.
Young trees appear healthy and well fertilized.
Young trees are affected more often than older, well-established specimens.
Young trees are at times completely girdled and subsequently die.
Young trees are attractive with their dense foliage and symmetrical growth habit.
Young trees are conical when young but become more open with age.
Young trees are conical.
Young trees are distinctively pyramidal but become oval with age.
Young trees are especially sensitive to salts from any source, including conventional fertilizers.
Young trees are especially susceptible to attack.
Young trees are especially susceptible to freeze injury.
Young trees are especially susceptible to the nibbling of deer , elk and even rabbits .
Young trees are handsome, older trees striking.
Young trees are less able to with stand stress than established trees.
Young trees are more likely to completely recover than older trees.
Young trees are more shade tolerant than older trees.
Young trees are often very open but they fill in to form a denser canopy as they mature.
Young trees are particularly difficult to train due to vigor and strong apical dominance.
Young trees are particularly sensitive to cold spells.
Young trees are particularly sensitive to over-fertilizing, but respond well to fish emulsion.
Young trees are sometimes completely girdled and killed.
Young trees are susceptible to sun scald, especially in central Iowa.
Young trees are upright but become broader with age.
Young trees are upright in habit and with age tend to spread out.
Young trees are very frost sensitive.
Young trees are vigorous, and once they come into production, produce high yields of big fruit.
Young trees can develop an upright, pyramidal habit.
Young trees can make six feet of growth in a single season.
Young trees can support high populations, without apparent damage.
Young trees can tolerate pruning better than old ones.
Young trees coppice vigorously and reproduce vigorously from suckers.
Young trees establish a taproot system and are able to withstand extended periods of drought.
Young trees form pyramidal silhouettes with long droopy branches.
Young trees grow in areas.
Young trees grow in landscapes.
Young trees grow longer in the growing season than older trees.
Young trees grow rapidly and require staking for first two or three years.
Young trees grow with a single trunk for a long time.
Young trees have a pyramidal head which in older age becomes more spreading.
Young trees have a reddish or grayish-brown bark.
Young trees have a smooth gray bark.
Young trees have a typically conical crown which becomes a broadly spreading head on mature trees.
Young trees have an irregular pyramidal crown.
Young trees have an odd, asymmetrical, upright branching growth habit.
Young trees have bark.
Young trees have brownish-tan smooth trunks.
Young trees have full crowns that mature in a broad, rounded head.
Young trees have grey bark.
Young trees have many vigorous upright branches.
Young trees have relatively more young, new tissue.
Young trees have roots.
Young trees have shallow root systems, and most of their roots are under the herbicide treated area.
Young trees have smooth bark, but as they age, the bark turns scaly and flakey.
Young trees have smooth bark.
Young trees have smooth bark.
Young trees have smooth grey bark which later becomes very furrowed as the trees mature.
Young trees have smooth grey bark.
Young trees have smooth silvery bark, but older individual develop a gray-brown furrowed bark.
Young trees have smooth, greenish-gray bark which becomes brownish and furrowed with age.
Young trees have smooth, medium-gray bark.
Young trees have tap roots.
Young trees have thin bark.
Young trees offer good budwood because they produce a large amounts of new growth.
Young trees offers no protection to the often windy conditions.
Young trees produce flowers.
Young trees produce fruit.
Young trees produce less than mature ones.
Young trees produce open cones.
Young trees produce vigorous growth and are generally excellent sources of scion wood.
Young trees provide cover for elk, deer, and small mammals.
Young trees regenerate from seeds, stump and root sprouts, or from plantings.
Young trees represent vibrance and growth.
Young trees require a lot more care and attention than older established trees.
Young trees require pinching to force low branching.
Young trees require water.
Young trees seem particularly prone to frost cracks but they can occur on trees of any age.
Young trees seem to be more susceptible than older trees of the same species.
Young trees set heavy crops.
Young trees suffer damage.
Young trees suffer frost damage.
Young trees suffer when run over by skiers and snowboarders.
Young trees take notice and stand tall, too, shading the street with a neighborhood shadow.
Young trees tend to be more narrow and upright in habit.
Young trees tend to be very narrow and rather columnar in shape.
Young trees to produce fruit.
Young trees wilt and die at the start of the dry season.
Many young trees are ne to dry and crack or freeze and crack.
Many young trees have severe flagging damage and branches are easily broken off.
Most young trees grow in areas.
Most young trees grow in landscapes.
Most young trees have bark.
Most young trees have roots.
Most young trees have smooth bark.
Most young trees have smooth grey bark.
Most young trees have tap roots.
Most young trees have thin bark.
Most young trees produce flowers.
Most young trees produce fruit.
Most young trees require water.
Most young trees suffer damage.
Some young trees develop taproots.
Some young trees grow firs.
Some young trees provide food.
Some young trees receive applications.
Some young trees receive fertilizer applications.
Young trippers receive canoeing and camping instruction.
Young trout are referred to as troutlet, troutling or fry.
Young trout eat small items, such as plankton, crustaceans and insects.
Young trout feed on insects and crustaceans.
Young trout feed primarily on insect larvae.
Young trunk has thin horizontal stripes.
Young trunks are green, becoming gray with age.
Young tuatara have a third eye.
Young tuataras feed readily on small ground animals, such as earthworms and small insects.
Young tubers are the best, though the central portion of older roots can also be used.
Young turnips have sweet taste.
Young turnips have taste.
Most young turnips have sweet taste.
Young turtles are mostly carnivorous, gradually switching to vegetation as they age.
Young turtles spend time in areas where currents converge and prey is abundant.
Young twat falls for handsome hero.
Young twigs are a pleasant medium green.
Young twigs are green and hairy with a velvety hairy terminal bud.
Young twigs are greenish.
Young twigs are often bright red.
Young twigs are purple-gray with corky lenticels and fragrant when cut.
Young twigs are quadrangular and downy.
Young twigs are reddish and fuzzy.
Young twigs are sticky to touch.
Young twigs are yellow and stand out in winter.
Young twigs have a strong wintergreen flavor when chewed.
Young twigs purplish and tomentose.
Young twigs quadrangulate.
Young twigs reddish.
Young twins command a rebel force in Burma.
Young units have to go out and do things before they can be advanced, multi-skill companions.
Young upstarts mix college-style yearnings with irreverent witticisms.
Young upstarts see challenges as tests to be met.
Young urchins sport green spines.
Young urchins sport spines.
Some young users combine Web, e-mail, and cell phone technologies.
Young vandals set still more ablaze.
Most young vegetarians are meat-eating converts.
Young viewers agree.
Young viewers are yet to develop such habits.
Young viewers have smaller hands and shorter arms but their hands stay in proportion.
Young viewers learn safety lessons as well as how to prepare recipes.
Young viewers love Charmed while older viewers barely know it's there.
Young vines are covered with soft, fine hairs.
Young vines are more susceptible than mature vines.
Young vines spell weedy wines.
Young violence is nearly non-existant.
Young virgins are recruited and guarded.
Young visitors are an impatient crowd.
Young visitors can experience hands-on learning with educational toys just their size.
Young visitors can learn to count their age or other numbers using the Aztec symbols.
Young visitors crawl and climb and wonder.
Young visitors enjoy the line of unique and affordable toys and games.
Young visitors explore an interpretive display created by students.
Young visitors have two areas to enjoy, a plant zoo and a maze.
Young visitors play in the safe, happy, Toddler Area .
Young visitors step inside the scene of the crime to hunt for clues.
Young visitors take turns at the controls.
Young visitors view two venomous scorpionfishes in a display tank.
Young voices are louder in our world than they have ever been before.
Young volcanoes erupt many times as they grow up.
Young voles are born in a nest of dry grass, usually hidden in a thick grassy tussock.
Young voles are on their own at the age of one month.
Young volunteers apply a coat of caring at a local social service agency.
Young volunteers are welcome with supervision.
Young volunteers bring smiles.
Young volunteers can infuse even large organizations with a vital dose of enthusiasm and creativity.
Young volunteers draw raffle tickets.
Young volunteers help by babysitting and entertaining children.
Young volunteers increase their chances of success in their paid jobs and businesses.
Young volunteers try to prevent rare flowers from death.
Young volunteers welcome for projects and internships.
Young voters think it's time to pass the baton.
Many young voters find the campaign dull and have ignored it, according to public opinion polls.
Young Vultures are dark in colour with light brown streaks on their feathers.
Young waiters are actually apprentices, learning the ropes, the techniques, from veterans.
Young walleye have six or seven dark saddle marks on their backs.
Young walnuts develops a large taproot and planted seedlings typically survive well.
Young walruses are deep brown and grow paler and more cinnamon colored as they age.
Young warriors live outside the village and can never eat in the presence of a woman.
Young warthogs have reddish hair.
Young wasps eat the caterpillars flesh but keep it alive so they can grow.
Young waterfowl are precocial and begin foraging shortly after hatching.
Young weasels are born naked, blind, and helpless.
Young webmasters rule.
Young webmasters think the techier, the better.
Young webworms are caterpillars, measuring about one-quarter to one inch in length.
Young weeds are easier to control than older established weeds.
Young weeds are far easier to control than well-established weeds.
Young weeds can be very easy to pull, especially during or just after a rain.
Young weeds go down much easier than older ones, so make the most of good weeding conditions.
Young whales develop barnacle patches soon after birth.
Young wheat is especially thirsty.
Young whiteflies turn black and die in several days.
Young widows have no peer group.
Many young wives feel pressure to bear sons.
Young wildlife can be particularly vulnerable.
Young wines are deeper in color, while older wines mellow in color.
Young wines get air and open up more rapidly, while the sedimetn in an older wine is removed.
Young wolves are called 'pups' or 'cubs'.
Young wolves are called pups.
Young wolves are ready to go on hunts with the adults when they are about three months old.
Young wolves are taught to fend for themselves.
Young wolves get smart awfully fast.
Young Wolves have babies in the spring.
Young wolves stay with their parents until they are several yeas old.
Young wolverines are called kits, and are born white as snow.
A young woman is a woman
Young woman caresses the bust of a young girl.
Young woman presents with multiple complaints.
Young woman runs away.
Young woman wearing a fashionable walking outfit, note forward tilted hat.
Young women appear to be the most vulnerable group for both biological and socio-economic reasons.
Young women appear to be the most vulnerable, for both biological and socio-economic reasons.
Young women are also at an increased risk both biologically and behaviorally.
Young women are also concerned about future pregnancy and nursing.
Young women are among the most dependable pro-choice allies.
Young women are especially at risk.
Young women are female animals.
Young women are generally most susceptible to eating disorders.
Young women are incapable of consenting to sex.
Young women are innocent bystanders in a time of immense cultural transition.
Young women are less likely to have regular physicals or seek medical attention.
Young women are major users of the service.
Young women are more economically independent and less reliant on marriage.
Young women are more entrepreneurial as a result of role modeling by older women.
Young women are more fertile on average than older women.
Young women are more likely to believe that love and sex go together.
Young women are more likely to do nothing when bullied and to avoid confrontation at all costs.
Young women are more likely to have high levels of social support than are young men.
Young women are more likely to put their dating life on hold than young men are.
Young women are more likely to survive child birth than older women.
Young women are most at risk of being killed by their partner.
Young women are most prone.
Young women are most vulnerable.
Young women are much more likely to infected than young men.
Young women are no longer dependent on marriage as a final destination.
Young women are often pretty, the men are handsome.
Young women are one quarter of today's homeless population.
Young women are particularly at risk.
Young women are particularly likely to worry about their breasts.
Young women are particularly vulnerable to STIs for both biological and cultural reasons.
Young women are particularly vulnerable.
Young women are physiologically more vulnerable to STDs and also more vulnerable to coercion.
Young women are the main targets, however, because they are under a lot of pressure.
Young women are the ones most likely to start smoking and the least likely to quit.
Young women are the primary victims.
Young women are to marry, raise children, keep a home, and work in the fields.
Young women are unaware of obstacles to health care created by restrictions on abortion.
Young women are usually older when they begin voluntary sexual intercourse.
Young women are verbally, physically and sexually abused on an hourly basis.
Young women are very much involved.
Young women are vulnerable.
Young women are young adults.
Young women bare their children and are exterminated when the infant is two.
Young women begin to have romantic interests.
Young women bleed more, and the so-called menstrual periods of older women contain more mucous.
Young women buy houses.
Young women can address the female stereotype of submissiveness toward men.
Young women can gather, share their experiences and develop skills for organizing.
Young women can have both.
Young women can often compensate for muscle weakness.
Young women can sport moustaches.
Young women carry lipsticks, eyeliners and other such things.
Young women clutch babies.
Young women create their own health and life guide.
Young women dance side by side at the go-go bars.
Young women desire more sex than older women.
Young women die in childbirth or succumb to killer diseases.
Young women discover own voices.
Young women discover voices.
Young women do get breast cancer.
Young women drive cars, they work with men, they travel.
Young women enter years.
Young women experience discharge.
Young women experience higher rates of unemployment than young men across all race groups.
Young women experience nipple discharge.
Young women face an even greater challenge because of their chromosomes.
Young women face many stresses in life as they balance a personal life, a job and motherhood.
Young women face possibility.
Young women face the same pressures as their male counterparts when they consider their future.
Young women fall in love with older men because of their money and power, which can be very sexy.
Young women feel that they are treated like brainless children.
Young women find work as housecleaners, nurses' aides, and clerks.
Young women follow the lead of their peers.
Young women frequent the local hospital, nursing homes and daycare centers, to name a few.
Young women go hungry and bleed to death every time there's a natural disaster.
Young women have a higher incidence of acquired adrenal hyperplasia and polycystic ovaries.
Young women have a lower risk of heart disease than do men.
Young women have a much lower death rate from heart attack than men.
Young women have agency.
Young women have denser breasts, which makes their x-rays very hard to read.
Young women have less vaginal fluids than mature women.
Young women have long hair, which is cut after marriage or the birth of a first child.
Young women have lower chances of contracting an infection, but the possibility is always there.
Young women have many choices when it comes to contraception.
Young women have more alternatives to motherhood than ever .
Young women have more chance of getting a STDs than older women.
Young women have necks that go all the way around.
Young women have no protection, no help and no support.
Young women have to be topless for sacrifice.
Young women have to wake up, too.
Young women have values.
Young women lead to discoveries.
Young women learn their status from the start.
Young women learn to go out and get what they want from their education and their life.
Young women leave to labor in factories or work as housemaids.
Young women living at home have often no arena or opportunity for exploration of their sexuality.
Young women lose husbands.
Young women love cloisonn bracelets and earrings.
Young women love cloisonne bracelets and earrings.
Young women love to be photographed and enjoy the attention.
Young women meet in their own sessions, while young men of equivalent age are in priesthood meeting.
Young women obtain quality education in a distinctly Christian setting.
Young women play and pee together.
Young women present social themes in song to the social club.
Young women report interrupted menstrual cycles.
Young women report using the drug for appetite suppression and weight loss.
Young women require services that address the full range of their reproductive health needs.
Young women return homes.
Young women seek marriages.
Young women seem to have a special vulnerability.
Young women shun housework and seek an education in other lines.
Young women sound the timbrels in the congregation.
Young women spend considerable time in skin care.
Young women starve themselves literally to flatten their stomachs and thin their thighs.
Young women strip to the bare essentials on one end.
Young women suspect that all older guys are married or living with someone.
Young women take lessons from a lot of places.
Young women take seats.
Young women take up residences.
Young women tend to be able to wear clothing that looks more expensive, even if casual.
Young women tend to have irregular periods.
Young women tend to like chat rooms over video games.
Young women toil day after day with no safety equipment, and poor wages.
Young women turn it into a dirty word.
Young women undertake that last critical inspection and discard inferior quality beans.
Young women use homes.
Young women want families.
Young women wear bands with the colors of the Spanish Republican flag.
Young women wearing short skirts, lipstick.
Young women writhe in severe and helpless pain.
Every young woman takes science here.
Every young woman wonders why the boys act the way that they do.
Many young women apply only mascara, a little rouge and lipstick, and look terrific.
Many young women are angry with men and their writing shows it.
Many young women are extremely aggressive and are quick to cut people off.
Many young women believe if they lift weights their going to become bulky and over muscular.
Many young women face parental involvement laws which restrict their abortion rights.
Many young women face unplanned pregnancies, despite increased contraceptive use.
Many young women feel attracted to men.
Many young women feel physically attracted to men.
Many young women find a way out by marrying Chinese men.
Many young women find housekeeping jobs in the Arabian Gulf and Lebanon.
Many young women have special needs and concerns about changes in their bodies.
Many young women leaving foster care are at greater risk of unintended pregnancy.
Many young women notice that they get more pimples around the time of their menstrual periods.
Many young women start using the pill before they begin having sex.
Many young women undergo breast reduction surgery.
More young women are aware of who they are and relate it to their everyday life.
Most young women are responsible for taking care of their siblings and the household chores.
Most young women are unaware of what they can do to reduce the risk of breast cancer.
Most young women are unhappy with their body shape.
Most young women buy houses.
Most young women can use emergency contraception.
Most young women discover own voices.
Most young women discover voices.
Most young women enter years.
Most young women face possibility.
Most young women find love, support, and safety in their homes.
Most young women have a breast which tends to grow slower than the other breast.
Most young women have values.
Most young women involve their parents in deciding whether to have an abortion.
Most young women lead to discoveries.
Most young women lose husbands.
Most young women progress through adolescence and early adulthood in good physical health.
Most young women return homes.
Most young women seek marriages.
Most young women take seats.
Most young women take up residences.
Most young women use homes.
Some young women become strategies.
Some young women do find that their asthma gets worse before their periods actually start.
Some young women experience vocal paralysis.
Some young women feel it coming days before they get it.
Some young women find that talking with their professors about their endometriosis is helpful.
Some young women gain freedom.
Some young women have sons.
Some young women kill in accidents.
Some young women kill in car accidents.
Some young women knock on doors.
Some young women lose children.
Some young women read copies.
Some young women reduce labor.
Some young women report violence.
Some young women say it's harder to find dates.
Some young women step in and soon there is no more space on the floor.
Some young women suffer from degrees.
Some young women wonder if anyone can tell if they have vaginal agenesis.
Some young women work as receptionists.
Some young women work at cattle stations.
Some young women work at stations.
Young womanhood can sleep soundly tonight.
Young wood is brown, turning green with age.
Some young woodpeckers show notable expertness in opening fir cones to get at the seeds.
Young workers are Canada's precious future workforce.
Young workers are eager and optimistic, but soon see the unfairness of today's economy.
Young workers are increasingly open to unions.
Young workers are markedly resentful of the slights and neglects of management.
Young workers are more likely than older ones to favor forming a union.
Young workers are notorious credit abusers and bad, bad savers.
Young workers are specially at risk.
Young workers are the highest risk group.
Young workers are the most likely to start working in the service sector.
Young workers are usually keen to work hard and do well.
Young workers don hard hats and tool belts as they experiment with fulcrums, pulleys and magnets.
Young workers enter the workforce with no education on their rights and protections as employees.
Young workers gain valuable experience through seasonal employment.
Young workers have demographics on their side.
Young workers shun fast-food jobs for a chance to develop their future careers.
Young workers tend to get paid less than older workers.
Young workers tend to the work of the hive, while the older workers forage for nectar and pollen.
Many young workers are unaware of the inherent risks associated with their new job.
Many young workers die or are seriously injured each year at work.
Most young workers say employers fall short when it comes to sharing profits with employees.
Some young workers feed larvae.
Young worms destroy liver tissue, causing abscesses and scars.
Young worms dig into the lungs, causing wheeze, a dry cough, or pneumonia with coughing of blood.
Young worms mature in the large intestine in three to four months, then begin the cycle anew.
Young wrens are known to return to their nest to roost at night for a while after leaving the nest.
Young writers can link their web page to the ring and visit and participate in the many others.
Young writers can proceed at any point in the process to work with words in the word processor.
Young writers can publish their stories or find an e-mail pal.
Young writers interview their favorite author, then share their conversation.
Young writers learn the art by studying the form and style of the greats.
Young writers work in close cooperation with the theatres.
Every young writer has the same idea.
Every young writer has to work off the 'fine writing' stage.
Many young writers seek publication.
Many young writers think of revision as all hard work and drudgery.
Some young writers are too impatient.
A young is an animal
Youngs are age groups.
Youngs are animals.
Youngs hopes to understand and improve the survival of embryos.
Youngs is the proud father of three sons.
Youngs makes connections between artificial life and biological networks.
Youngs require more food than adults.
Youngs uses both the malt and actual chocolate.
Youngs warns the success rate of cloning is low.
Younger adolescents like to talk about sex and tell each other and their parents grubby jokes.
Younger adults are also more likely to exercise.
Younger adults are also more likely to take some risks as well.
Younger adults are more credulous.
Younger adults are more likely to ask than older adults, and women are more likely than men.
Younger adults are more likely to believe.
Younger adults are more likely to suffer from disc disease, spondylolisthesis, or acute fractures.
Younger adults are more likely to turn to the Internet for religion.
Younger adults are more likely to turn to the Net for religion.
Younger adults are the most likely to have dropped or lost Internet access.
Younger adults are the only source of replacement smokers.
Younger adults nest later in the year and raise one brood.
Younger alligators eat insects, shrimps, snails, small fish, tadpoles and frogs.
Younger alumni can establish deferred charitable gift annuities.
Younger animals are more apt to play opossum than older ones.
Younger animals are more fertile than older cows and are less affected by environment.
Younger animals are more likely to develop lung infections.
Younger animals are more likely to die from the disease than older ones.
Younger animals are more prone to harm from salinity than are older animals.
Younger animals are more susceptible to sweetclover disease than older ones.
Younger animals are often at play while adults are foraging, moving, or resting.
Younger animals do have a better prognosis than older ones.
Younger animals have a rounder back and show a single rounded shape from the snout to the flukes.
Younger animals have flesh-colored ears, nose, hands, and feet, and a white patch near the rump.
Younger animals have the antioxidant enzymes to neutralize free radicals before they cause damage.
Younger animals make more new neurons than older ones do.
Younger animals tend to be more seriously affected than older animals.
Younger animals tend to be worst affected.
Younger animals tend to dream more, or at least the outward signs are clearer.
Younger applicants are preferred.
Younger artists are particularly vulnerable here.
Younger artists can begin to improve their drawing skills by using the first half of the kit.
Younger artists can no longer rely upon having reviews to promote their careers.
Younger artists can paint small placemats on small pieces of canvas.
Younger athletes are especially at risk, since steroids have been shown to alter growth patterns.
Younger athletes can reduce their risk of injury by alternating hard and easy workouts.
Younger athletes have age and level appropriate practices.
Younger athletes run shorter distances and have smaller and fewer hurdles.
Younger athletes seem to be notably desensitized to hazing.
Younger athletes take longer periods of time for acclimatization.
Younger attitude leads to sequence.
Younger audiences can identify with the hosts.
Younger audiences graft characters onto the robots.
Younger audiences have a greater tendency to want a more dynamic Site, with lots of visual stimuli.
Younger audiences praise the new release, while traditionalist continue to dance and ponder.
Younger audiences show that opera and musicals are alive in the Valley.
Younger babies are too busy playing to fuss with their feathers.
Younger bands are more willing to risk disappointment.
Younger beneficiaries can choose a deferred starting date.
Younger birds are dark-brown all over.
Younger birds are darker below and browner.
Younger birds are duller and more streaked and lack the rust-coloured tail of the adult.
Younger birds are especially vulnerable to attack and even even be killed by older hens.
Younger birds are generally more susceptible than older birds.
Younger birds are more inclined to wander.
Younger birds are mostly brown, mottled with varying amounts of white.
Younger birds are much greyer in colour, and have black wing tips.
Younger birds have dark reddish beaks.
Younger birds have soft feet, and older birds have slightly scaly feet.
Younger birds look more scaly and dark .
Younger birds look more scaly and dark.
Younger birds produce smaller and less robust plumuels.
Younger blacks have no memory of legislated oppression.
Younger boomers have young children and often are still paying college or graduate school loans.
Younger boy dies.
Younger boys have different physical, educational, and excitement levels than older scouts.
Younger boys seem mostly to throw rocks at each other.
Some younger boys have a pail with water.
Younger branches are purplish red in winter.
Younger branches are slender and yellow-brown with silvery exfoliating scales.
Younger brother is also a Professional handler.
Younger brothers are storms, cut off.
Younger bulls are also unable to service as many cows as more mature bulls.
Younger bulls cluster themselves in bachelor groups, but very old bulls lead solitary lives.
Younger businesses tend to discontinue first.
Younger buyers buy more impulsively but usually has less money.
Younger buyers tend to look at the big picture.
Younger caiman are lighter and have more distinct crossbands.
Younger campers are welcome to participate on a space-available basis.
Younger campers can enjoy sailing by riding along with our staff or experienced older campers.
Younger campers grow up a little.
Younger campers love the playground areas.
Younger campers paint rocks to look like ladybugs and make insect jewelry out of pipe cleaners.
Younger campers stay in cabins.
Younger cartographers can get an easier form of the graph paper and trace their routes.
Younger cats tend to recover more quickly and adapt more easily to the loss of their claws.
Younger caterpillars have less black.
Younger caterpillars rely on the silk left by their older siblings.
Younger cattle are less likely to be infectious.
Younger celebrities are fickle.
Younger characters exist in a state of flux.
Younger cheddar is softer, smoother and more mild.
Younger cheeses are softer and whiter.
Younger chefs can help by washing and caring for the apples.
Younger chickens are more susceptible, with sudden deaths a common finding.
Younger child pops the balloon and tries to find the balloon creator.
Younger children abide by the rules set down by the parents just because they are rules.
Younger children accept answers at face value.
Younger children adapt more easily.
Younger children are also welcome at no charge.
Younger children are also welcome to participate in special group projects.
Younger children are apt to eat fewer nutritious foods if they ate alone.
Younger children are at risk when they put dirt or sand into their mouths while playing.
Younger children are best off pulled in a trailer.
Younger children are free.
Younger children are just as likely to be at fault for arguments as their older siblings.
Younger children are less likely to exhibit gastrointestinal symptoms.
Younger children are likely to make their stories longer.
Younger children are likely to play with ornaments and lights on trees.
Younger children are more likely than older children toprefer hard candies.
Younger children are more likely to be injured at home.
Younger children are more likely to live in poverty in Canada than older children.
Younger children are more likely to live with their grandparents.
Younger children are more likely to share their infections than are older children.
Younger children are more likely to succumb to stress than school-age children or adolescents.
Younger children are more likely to suffer more serious effects.
Younger children are more prone to thinking that any problem at school is their fault.
Younger children are often unsure which parts of their stories are real and which are fantasy.
Younger children are preferred because they are more easily intimidated and indoctrinated.
Younger children are susceptible to infection.
Younger children are welcome if accompanied by an adult or older sibling.
Younger children are welcome if accompanies by an adult.
Younger children are welcome if they are properly supervised.
Younger children are welcome if they can sit still.
Younger children are welcome if they prove to be good readers.
Younger children are welcome in family groups renting all bedrooms.
Younger children are welcome when accompanied by an adult.
Younger children are welcome with adults.
Younger children are welcome.
Younger children are worried about weight.
Younger children ask questions, and the parent answers or helps find answers.
Younger children attend part-time initially.
Younger children attend two elementary schools on post.
Younger children can act out the noise the animal makes or movements that animal does.
Younger children can act out the stories themselves or with their toys.
Younger children can also fly some of our smaller owls, providing insight into the life of raptors.
Younger children can amuse themselves with coloring books, picture books or soft toys.
Younger children can attend sessions with their parents.
Younger children can be exceptions, visiting for shorter periods of time.
Younger children can be fearful of heading.
Younger children can be place closer to the net.
Younger children can become familiar with numbers by playing with toy telephones and clocks.
Younger children can begin on our penny whistles , or soprano Native American flutes .
Younger children can brainstorm.
Younger children can click on picture links.
Younger children can color the pictures too.
Younger children can cut a monsho from paper and mount it on contrasting paper.
Younger children can cut the pictures apart.
Younger children can decorate the box and create a greeting card to be enclosed.
Younger children can dictate a letter.
Younger children can dictate a story to a teacher, parent, or older child.
Younger children can dictate their letters to adults.
Younger children can dictate their stories or draw illustrations and explain it.
Younger children can dictate their story to the teacher or into a tape recorder.
Younger children can dip a folded paper towel in a muffin tin filled with different colored dies.
Younger children can dip a folded paper towel in a muffin tin filled with different coloured dies.
Younger children can download the coloring book of state symbols.
Younger children can draw a picture that relates to each of their choices.
Younger children can draw or cut out pictures from magazines.
Younger children can draw pictures in their journals.
Younger children can draw pictures of their favorite exhibit or activity.
Younger children can draw pictures of things they observe or hear.
Younger children can entertain themselves in the supervised play centre, The Crows Nest.
Younger children can go directly to their room.
Younger children can have a particularly difficult time finding appropriate sites.
Younger children can help adult work parties with gardening.
Younger children can help mix colors into the salt and layer the salt into the jar.
Younger children can help transfer the stencils and scoop out the pumpkin insides.
Younger children can lay the table and chop the food.
Younger children can make choices regarding which item to take to pre-school on sharing day.
Younger children can match whole words that are the same .
Younger children can measure dry ingredients.
Younger children can omit the last step of the activity.
Younger children can play and learn in our special preschool park.
Younger children can play with the completed kits, but beware of toddlers.
Younger children can practice lining up apples from smallest to largest.
Younger children can practice rhyming words.
Younger children can produce as much as eight times more saliva than adults.
Younger children can read easier books, help make posters or scrapbooks, or take part in skits.
Younger children can read easier books, make simpler art projects, etc. than older children.
Younger children can ride with their parents or enjoy a few laps on a pony.
Younger children can safely enjoy the mask just by holding it over their eyes.
Younger children can select just their initial.
Younger children can simply count objects.
Younger children can sip warm liquids like apple juice.
Younger children can sit in a coracle and watch a video of how a coracle is made.
Younger children can sort the pieces into categories.
Younger children can start learning about their national heritage.
Younger children can tell rather than write their responses to before, now, and future.
Younger children can then cover the leaves with clear adhesive paper.
Younger children can throw into round baskets.
Younger children can try to identify the color.
Younger children can use it as the text is simple.
Younger children can use it strictly as a puzzle and for learning the parts of the face.
Younger children can usually get away with their play clothes.
Younger children can wait in the main room with older kids or a separate room.
Younger children can watch over pets or water plants while neighbors are away.
Younger children can win prizes from our treasure box.
Younger children can work with pre-cut pictures from magazines.
Younger children can write three letter words.
Younger children do benefit from developing basic learning strategies.
Younger children do better with four sections.
Younger children earn books by being read to, so every age can participate.
Younger children enjoy a choice of activities and equipment as well as the outdoor playground.
Younger children enjoy books that use word repetition, rhymes and predictable text.
Younger children enjoy listening to stories, a craft, a snack, and meeting other kids.
Younger children enjoy looking at the beautiful, highly informative pictures in the books.
Younger children enjoy watching favourite shows over and over again.
Younger children experience higher levels of pain during procedures than older children do.
Younger children explain their reports orally or make a group report with the help of their teacher.
Younger children fare better.
Younger children fear monsters and snakes that lurk in the bedroom shadows.
Younger children fill a third room.
Younger children focus on song structure and the process of translating original ideas into lyrics.
Younger children follow pictures and sounds.
Younger children get a significant amount of dietary fluoride simply by swallowing their toothpaste.
Younger children get books.
Younger children get in free.
Younger children grow because there is always someone to look up to and learn from.
Younger children grow more rapidly, so a shorter period of observation is necessary.
Younger children have a fourth staff member assigned to their group.
Younger children have a poor understanding of the consequences of their behavior.
Younger children have a shorter attention span and can become fidgety faster.
Younger children have an incredible ministry in their drawings and artwork.
Younger children have better prognosis.
Younger children have difficulty expressing their feelings.
Younger children have free admission.
Younger children have individual classes for their age groups.
Younger children have more difficulty expressing their distress.
Younger children have shorter attention spans than older children.
Younger children have the advantage.
Younger children have their own play area fashioned from giant animal sculptures.
Younger children have trouble waiting, so it's a good idea to select a timely expert.
Younger children have, perhaps, the greatest advantage.
Younger children hurt themselves more on playgrounds than in organized sports activities.
Younger children imitate older ones and are exposed to more advanced concepts and skills.
Younger children know that they can turn to their older peers for help.
Younger children learn a lot by sorting cards by type.
Younger children learn about perspective and illusion as they figure out what's wrong.
Younger children learn Bible stories, and enjoy songs and crafts.
Younger children learn from the older ones, and the older children can nurture the younger ones.
Younger children like to pretend and play different roles in the practices.
Younger children like to share the bedroom with their older sibling.
Younger children love the city room where they can slide down a fire pole and drive a city bus.
Younger children love the games.
Younger children love to climb on the tanks and artillery displayed on the grounds outdoors.
Younger children love to pretend that they're uncovering prehistoric remains.
Younger children model the successful behavior of the older child.
Younger children pick up a language by assimilation.
Younger children pick up language very quickly indeed.
Younger children prefer less trees and mountains.
Younger children propose solutions that involve making processes larger.
Younger children rate higher and males rate higher.
Younger children react equally to animated violence as to real violence.
Younger children rebel, eldest children defend the status quo.
Younger children require a higher ratio of counselors than older kids.
Younger children require much smaller groups.
Younger children ride horses in a corral.
Younger children spend smaller amounts of time learning techniques .
Younger children suffer a higher proportion of head injuries than older children.
Younger children tend to have a milder illness than older children and adults.
Younger children tend to have more pain complaints.
Younger children tend to have more severe symptoms.
Younger children tend to knock over table lamps easily.
Younger children tend to shy away from many foods.
Younger children tend to view smoking negatively.
Younger children trace over the words with a marker.
Younger children use vending machines to purchase cigarettes more often than older adolescents.
Younger children welcome with an adult.
Many younger children prefer plain, unmixed foods.
Most younger children use a developmental curriculum emphasizing communication and cognitive skills.
Younger Churches Are Flexible .
Younger churches are often rich in things besides dazzling structures and thick carpets.
Younger Churches Know How to Love .
Younger classes do projects and older classes begin disscusions.
Most younger collectors prefer films that they personally can relate to.
Many younger colonies exist in other Appalachian states.
Younger competitors rely on parents or older siblings for help in preparation.
Younger consumers are particularly loyal to the category.
Younger consumers are the most likely appetizer eaters.
Younger consumers see faux painting and wall murals as a contemporary option to wallpaper.
Younger contestants can compete with adult leader.
Younger cops move into the ranks having never known a different system.
Younger couples have fewer children.
Younger cowhands are welcome, too.
Younger crowds are more enthusiastic.
Many younger customers come only for music and dancing.
Younger dancers are welcome when accompanied by adults.
Younger deer are more likely to harbor the parasite than older deer.
Younger DOs tend to use it least of all.
Younger doctors are no more truthful or honest than older physicians.
Younger doctors are now in charge of medical care services on most of the isolated islands.
Younger dogs are easier to place than older dogs.
Younger dogs can acquire the disease, but it is uncommon.
Younger dogs can tag a long for fun or do short sprints until they mature.
Many younger dogs like to pull on the leash and walk out in front.
Younger dolphins are a light cream color, and as they get older, they become more gray.
Younger donors are also usually more comfortable using credit cards online.
Younger donors tend to provide better pickings.
Younger drinkers are more likely than older drinkers to engage in heavy drinking.
Younger drivers appear to be under-represented in large truck crashes.
Younger drivers are more likely to be involved in ejection crashes.
Younger drivers are over represented in alcohol-related crashes.
Younger drivers can drive to on special adapted go-karts.
Younger drivers tend to have more accidents, so as a group they pay higher premiums.
Many younger drivers are eager to make a splash and race hard all the time.
Younger eagles are dark-brown all over.
Younger elephants leave a more crisp and defined footprint.
Younger employees are more likely to take an optimistic view toward innovation.
Younger employees are motivated by making a name for themselves and often, that comes down to money.
Younger employees are often more flexible.
Younger employees are usually concerned about access to their account savings before retirement.
Younger employees can take more risk.
Younger employees can use the system as a tool to help get their feet off the ground.
Younger employees have more energy and motivation than older workers.
Many younger expats prefer to live very near to the downtown where the action is.
Younger families are the dominant component of our community and our congregation.
Younger families have the most difficulty when moving.
Younger females can have physical complications, like egg binding.
Younger females have less pair-bonds and therefore accept several males.
Younger females seem to have smaller litter sizes than older ones.
Younger females spend their time on fashion magazines, shopping and music.
Younger females tend to mate later than older females.
Younger females tend to rank higher than their older siblings.
Younger fetuses take longer to wake up.
Younger fish appear to follow different migratory routes than older fish.
Younger fish are less likely to contain harmful levels of contaminants than older, larger fish.
Younger fish are more adaptable to tank life.
Younger fish prefer to feed on amphipods and mayflies.
Younger fledglings hop along the ground to forage before acquiring adult drop-foraging habits.
Younger foals are smaller and easier to control.
Younger foliage tends to have a higher nutritive value and palatability.
Younger folks are much more into the Internet than are seniors.
Younger folks are the most likely to integrate Net use into their everyday lives.
Younger folks like to go to the bars.
Younger forest stands lack large pieces of dead wood and the ants that inhabit it.
Younger generation depends on communications that are confined to a small scale and limited level.
Younger generation has no place to study and no jobs.
Younger generations are another huge and largely unexplored frontier.
Younger generations are more highly educated than ever before.
Younger generations are very demanding.
Younger generations can learn more about Detroit through tricentennial celebrations.
Younger generations have to plead with their patriarchs to inject change into their businesses.
Younger generations regard older generations' past experiences as irrelevant to current existence.
Younger generations see employability as more important than employment.
Younger ginger has a thin, pale skin and a mild taste.
Younger girls have pony or pigtails.
Younger golfers tend to swing harder with less control, thus requiring longer landing areas.
Younger grades have story time, often with puppets or the flannel board.
Younger grades perform whale dress up and whale length activities.
Younger group goes ice skating.
Younger group participates in crafts, games, and activities related to the camp theme.
Younger groups enjoy extra drilling and more special help.
Younger groups take advantage of the space to practice their original music and to work out bugs.
Younger guests head for the hotel's Midnight Blues Nightclub.
Younger guys make mistakes.
Younger hands are even more susceptible to long-term damage.
Younger heifers consume less feed, so the nutrient density needs to be higher.
Younger helpers can tear lettuce or help stir.
Younger historians love to overturn the existing intellectual consensus.
Younger horses have fairly straight teeth.
Younger individuals are more receptive to getting prescription drug information from the Internet.
Younger individuals tend to have more muscle than older people do.
Younger individuals vary from solid dark brown to a generally mottled brown and white plumage.
Younger inhabitants do the same, only in six month periods.
Younger instars are more realistic bird-dropping mimics due to their smaller size.
Younger interviewers tend to be far more receptive.
Younger investors are more likely than older ones to want to retire early.
Younger investors are particularly likely to consult with friends and relatives.
Younger investors can generally afford to be more aggressive.
Younger investors can profit most from long-run returns, but are the least likely to save.
Younger investors have time on their side.
Younger journalists are likely to adapt to the new environment more easily than grizzled veterans.
Younger journalists are positively outraged at the 'social injustice' of it all.
Many younger journalists prefer to keep a judgmental distance from community involvement.
Younger kids are too small to safely navigate the equipment.
Younger kids bring their parents and practice their very rudimentry skills.
Younger kids can choose colors for their rooms, give input about play equipment and so on.
Younger kids can enjoy storytelling, activities and refreshments under a heated tent.
Younger kids can learn the basics of computer art with fantastic coloring pages.
Younger kids can play a version of the game with shapes.
Younger kids can play with special games, coloring pages and jokes.
Younger kids can take a pony ride, a great introduction for beginners.
Younger kids can take refuge in a calm, shallow lagoon right across the road.
Younger kids can unwrap the candy bars and arrange the wooden sticks in a row.
Younger kids can use some extra guidance.
Younger kids can walk around, play the games, click on pictures, and just have fun.
Younger kids cite two reasons for their attraction to certain bands and artists.
Younger kids come in because of episodic rage, obsessions, and oppositionality.
Younger kids come in their pajamas, but it's open to all ages, in any attire.
Younger kids drink, and then they slow down as they get older.
Younger kids enjoy making fake microphones out of rolled up paper or toilet tissue tubes.
Younger kids expect it.
Younger kids get a lesson about the do's and don'ts of approaching wildlife and stray domestics.
Younger kids get lessons on sailboards designed for little learners.
Younger kids get to drive the same cars, only on a very short oval and very few at a time.
Younger kids have a bit more tendency to do crazy things in a car.
Younger kids have camps and other things.
Younger kids learn from older kids and older kids like to be informal mentors.
Younger kids look to athletes as their role models.
Younger kids look up to their parents.
Younger kids try it because it's easy to access and cheap to get.
Younger kids use the stoplight.
Some younger kids feel more comfortable with more kids around.
Younger kittens are content to sleep between feedings.
Younger lambs are smaller and more tender.
Younger larvae are brick-brown with yellow stripes along the body.
Younger larvae are green to yellow and are hairy with many black spots.
Younger lawyers are about intellectual satisfaction, and developing skills so they can make partner.
Younger lawyers tend to use the Internet more often than their older colleagues.
Younger leaves appear stunted or misshapen, narrow, and slightly elongated with wavy margins.
Younger leaves appear to be the preferred oviposition site on silver and green button wood trees.
Younger leaves are generally more sensitive.
Younger leaves are narrower than normal, dwarfed, and curl slightly upward at their tips.
Younger leaves show a wide band of yellow bleached tissue and are smaller than normal.
Younger learners are more likely to be motivated by career and economic gain.
Younger leaves are almost immune to powdery mildew.
Younger leaves are more tender than older ones.
Younger leaves are silvery-white.
Younger leaves have pale spots.
Younger leaves tend to be bright and shiny above and reddish underneath.
Younger leaves tend to be more needlelike whereas mature leaves are scalelike.
Many younger libertarians plan to be among the first space colonists.
Many younger lifters have a very hard time gaining weight.
Younger livestock are more prone to damage trees than are older, more experienced animals.
Younger locums look for time off and experience before settling down.
Younger loons follow a month or so later.
Younger males are the most interested in what they consider to be a ''good and dark'' story.
Younger males gather in small, loose groups.
Younger males get along with the hens until they are mature, about three years old.
Younger males live in small groups, while older bulls lead solitary lives.
Younger males look like females, but are darker, with some red-orange on their shoulders.
Younger men are erect for up to three hours nightly.
Younger men are less likely to harass.
Younger men are more family-oriented than older men, but workplaces are changing more slowly.
Younger men are more likely to regain their fertility.
Younger men are more relaxed, less sensitive.
Younger men are more vulnerable if there is a family history of prostate cancer.
Younger men can be so droll.
Younger men can come to our parties but they have to be brought by a member.
Younger men carry more male sperm.
Younger men do better across the board than older men.
Younger men take their good health and virility for granted.
Younger men tend to be less experienced at sex, and more selfish.
Many younger men are unable to start a career.
Many younger men go to work in the towns, mines and plantations.
Younger managers tend to be more informal in their management style, more easy-going and relaxed.
Younger members are more accustomed to using computers to get the information they want.
Younger members are welcome to attend training sessions.
Younger minds are a different story.
Younger minds are more apt to move toward video and computer vistas than a star-filled sky.
Younger minorities are also at high risk as are elderly people.
Younger monks gain administrative experience and all are more focused on health issues.
Younger musicians have more skills.
Younger musicians say the song is of poor quality and exploits people's religious beliefs.
Younger needles remain green.
Younger nurses have an aversion to lengthy meetings.
Younger offenders recidivate at much higher rates than older offenders.
Younger offenders reoffend at much higher rates than older offenders.
Younger ones are more apt to pick up a few quarts to eat fresh.
Younger ones are welcome to come along.
Younger ones can add vegetables to the soups or salads.
Younger ones can make a get-well card for a sick friend.
Younger ones come in, take a look, and turn around.
Younger ones do it literally.
Younger ones enjoy the colorful illustrations.
Younger ones take risks and they share.
Younger orthopaedists have relatively more managed care patients.
Younger parents are more likely to talk with their teenage sons and daughters about marijuana.
Younger parents are nearly twice as likely as older parents to improperly restrain infants.
Younger parents are twice as likely to be poor, and have to work harder to avoid poverty.
Younger participants are usually there to experiment, rather than as a hobby or a way of life.
Younger participants have different needs and goals.
Younger partners tend to be more sales-oriented.
Younger patients appear to experience more severe depression more frequently than do older patients.
Younger patients are better able to withstand the rigors of an allogeneic BMT than older patients.
Younger patients are especially difficult to treat because they tolerate hypercalcemia better.
Younger patients are less likely to become depressed as a direct result of schizophrenia.
Younger patients are more active and place more stress on the artificial joint.
Younger patients are more likely to undergo a prostatectomy.
Younger patients do better.
Younger patients do particularly well.
Younger patients have a better prognosis than older patients.
Younger patients have a better recovery rate than older ones.
Younger patients have more favorable outcome.
Younger patients seem to do better than older ones.
Younger patients tend to do better after surgery than older patients do.
Younger patients tend to have a better prognosis than the elderly.
Younger patients tend to have a self-limiting course lasting months.
Younger patients tend to suffer more often from complications.
Younger patrons can also search specially tailored children s collections and access features lists.
Younger patrons require parental permission to use the Internet.
Younger patrons tend to be attractive women, the older ones guys with expensive watches.
Younger people adapt to high-tech From the most recent edupage.
Younger people appear to have better recovery rates than older people.
Younger people are also at risk of rupturing discs in their back by lifting heavy weights.
Younger people are also different from older generations in their viewing style .
Younger people are also increasingly uninterested in any form of political debate.
Younger people are also more interested into going into computer-related fields or the trades.
Younger people are also more likely to favor recognizing the Russian language legally.
Younger people are also welcome.
Younger people are careless and make stupid mistakes.
Younger people are concerned with their own lives and work.
Younger people are considerably more likely to speak Russian.
Younger people are easier to exploit, more adaptive to change, have less to lose.
Younger people are equally as critical of today's marriages as their older counterparts.
Younger people are especially encouraged to take part in order to achieve skills transfer.
Younger people are frivolous because of peer pressure.
Younger people are healthier, too.
Younger people are in demand.
Younger people are less certain about what they want to do, and are changing more rapidly.
Younger people are more active.
Younger people are more afraid of dying and being in pain at the end of life than older people.
Younger people are more concerned about censorship than are older respondents.
Younger people are more concerned about the drug problem at the local level than are their elders.
Younger people are more interested in sports facilities.
Younger people are more likely to be affected by night myopia than the elderly.
Younger people are more likely to be affected than older people.
Younger people are more likely to experience frequent and severe symptoms.
Younger people are more likely to forget to pack items, according to the research.
Younger people are more likely to get bored by the same old advert.
Younger people are more open to it as a method of communication.
Younger people are more willing to color outside the lines than older folks.
Younger people are the target of a revolutionary new hearing aid.
Younger people are typically much less risk-averse.
Younger people begin to be frozen out of the housing market.
Younger people believe that their elders are too old to drive, just because they are older.
Younger people can also get osteoarthritis.
Younger people can be at risk for side effects too.
Younger people can converse in fairly good English.
Younger people can find solace in community theater and the college arts dept.
Younger people can hear a wider range of sounds than older people.
Younger people can relate to the music while still hearing sounds from the past.
Younger people can usually have better hearing at the lower volumes than older people do.
Younger people can volunteer with parental consent.
Younger people cease to speak the language apart from a few words and phrases.
Younger people do it now.
Younger people do.
Younger people don t know where to go for help or how to ask for it.
Younger people drink more milk than older people, for example.
Younger people excrete most of their fluid before bedtime.
Younger people feel that that is too awkward.
Younger people feel the priority is local.
Younger people get certain diseases and older people get different diseases.
Younger people get one tablespoon with the same amount of water.
Younger people have a great deal of talent, although they can be very awkward.
Younger people have a hard time deciding to stay.
Younger people have better physical tools.
Younger people have different values.
Younger people have fewer disorders, so the relative risk of obesity is higher.
Younger people have more water than older people do.
Younger people have so many opportunities.
Younger people have the ability to hear lower and higher frequencies .
Younger people have the ability to hear lower and higher frequencies.
Younger people have very smooth skin and older people have lines around their eyes and mouth.
Younger people heal better and blebs tend to last for a shorter period.
Younger people look to an older person for answers to life s more perplexing questions.
Younger people look to it for inspiration.
Younger people rate communication in their marriage somewhat better than do older people.
Younger people remarry sooner than older people.
Younger people respond in English if addressed in the German dialect.
Younger people see it as a great waste of talent and life.
Younger people seem to favor humor.
Younger people show deference to older people, which is a good thing.
Younger people survive injuries better.
Younger people tend to be a little looser with their parents' money.
Younger people tend to be freer and therefore, more likely to allow for individuality.
Younger people tend to find live theater too intimate, too unmediated, too real, too creepy.
Younger people tend to have difficulty falling asleep to begin with, sleep experts say.
Younger people tend to use the Web for entertainment.
Younger people tend to view the Web as a sprawling playground.
Younger people think differently and are moved by different things.
Younger people use cash machines more than the elderly.
Younger people wear a wider variety of clothing and western styles are becoming popular.
Most younger people recuperate in a month.
Some younger people do.
Younger persons can apply as junior counselors.
Younger persons defer to older ones.
Younger persons defer to older persons.
Younger persons learn from older persons.
Younger physicians are more willing to work for a corporate health care provider.
Younger physicians have a healthier attitude.
Many younger physicians find the organization simply irrelevant.
More younger physicians explore temporary work.
Younger pigs drink up to three times as much water as a porker near market weight.
Younger pilots tend to learn quickly.
Younger pitchers have a lot of green and white on the hood.
Younger plants are more attractive to aphids than older plants.
Younger plants are more susceptible to the feeding.
Younger plants are sometimes more severely pruned with no noticeable detrimental effect on growth.
Younger plants grow faster than older plants.
Younger plants have fewer but more rounded lobes.
Younger plants look better than older plants.
Younger plants look like a rosette of leaves coming from a stem near the ground.
Younger plantings continue to produce fruit of larger size.
Younger players are prone to imagine each at-bat as the end of the world.
Younger players are still in the process of building and strengthening their embouchures.
Younger players are very important.
Younger players can continue what they began in the spring.
Younger players enhance their skills faster.
Younger players learn from upperclassmen in what looks like an endless chain of success.
Younger players notice, emulate and aspire.
Younger players seem to get the benefit of a doubt.
Younger players seem to have more upper-back problems.
Younger players welcome.
Most younger players feel more comfortable performing with someone else, usually an ensemble.
Younger poets read in pairs, or with a well-established poet.
Younger policyholders can secure their futures during their income-earning years.
Younger politicians believe that they can fight new types of wars.
Younger populations are likely to produce children.
Younger professors are more subject to elders.
Younger pupils can learn about distance-time graphs as they see how it responds to their movement.
Younger pupils find it very difficult to use and many lack the patience to get it working properly.
Younger rats are likely to be on the lean side.
Younger rattlesnakes eat more often, about once a week.
Younger rattlesnakes have buttons .
Younger readers are just as enthralled.
Younger readers can count the books toward their book goal.
Younger readers seem to buy newspapers based on events.
Younger readership is up.
Younger reporters welcome the contacts and public feedback, and older journalists hate it.
Younger researchers can also follow the latest developments in world news with Current Events.
Younger residents attend local public schools or transition programs.
Younger residents claim it still is a hangout.
Younger respondents are also more familiar with religious applications of the Internet.
Younger respondents are more diverse racially than older respondents.
Younger respondents are the least critical of the entertainment industry.
Younger respondents tend to disagree with dues.
Younger riders are more likely to be active in competitive events.
Younger riders are welcome with an adult, or a signed permission slip.
Younger rivers tend to have steep slopes, fast-moving water and narrow floodplains.
Younger roots receive more photosynthate than older roots.
More younger salmon survive, and more salmon eventually come back and die, releasing more nutrients.
Younger scouts receive guidance and instruction from experienced scouts.
Younger seals interact with each other along the edges of the group and stay away from the adults.
Younger seminarians are more likely to have made the dean s list and received graduation honors.
Younger sequences are poorly parallel bedded and almost transparent seismically.
Younger sequences are poorly parallel-bedded and almost transparent seismically.
Younger siblings admire most their siblings who are four or more years older.
Younger siblings are also welcome.
Younger siblings are always welcome.
Younger siblings are at a much greater risk than older siblings.
Younger siblings are welcome and can color or play during the class.
Younger siblings are welcome and stay for free when reservations are made for parents.
Younger siblings are welcome if accompanied by adult.
Younger siblings are welcome to come along.
Younger siblings are welcome.
Younger siblings can get a head start on the selection process by being around during the search.
Younger siblings can stay with parents at no additional costs.
Younger siblings can use the fact that they are younger to their advantage.
Younger siblings can wait in our special play area.
Younger siblings dominate older ones.
Younger siblings have to find employment in industry.
Younger siblings tend to be more extroverted than older siblings in large families.
Younger siblings tend to be more rebellious.
Some younger siblings walk early, just to keep up with the older kids.
Younger sister is a blossom or a ship.
Younger sitters tend to attract more spirit attention than do older sitters.
Younger skin is fairly supple and tends to heal more quickly.
Younger snakes can eat more frequently than older snakes.
Younger snakes have brighter colored skin than older ones.
Younger snakes have horizontal black bands on the back.
Younger son leaves home with all the loot and spends it.
Younger sons add small symbols, called marks of cadency, to their arms and crests.
Younger specimens are brighter in color, while adults tend to darken with age.
Younger specimens have slightly less dense stripes than adults.
Younger spiders are lighter in color than adults.
Many younger spouses keep their finances separate.
Younger squid are hunted by deep sea sharks and fish.
Younger stages crawl onto prey from the ground and low vegetation.
Younger stars are at the top.
Younger stars pick up other elements recycled from stars which explode in old age.
Younger student answers questions and then computer writes a short story using the answers.
Younger student can play game with dice already created.
Younger students are also more confident that they can find success in their home state.
Younger students are happy to have the benefit of older students life and work experience.
Younger students are just as capable of learning and succeeding.
Younger students are natural scientists.
Younger students are usually keen to hear themselves and to be heard by friends.
Younger students become more aware of books and stories, authors and illustrators.
Younger students benefit from a narrowed focus on one specific theme during their visit.
Younger students can also be part of positive change.
Younger students can ask parents to help generate ideas.
Younger students can benefit by practicing searching and evaluation skills.
Younger students can clip images from the newspapers and magazines.
Younger students can collect and sort images according to size, content, emotion, color, etc.
Younger students can color the different quilt designs.
Younger students can count the total number of states where monarchs have been reported each week.
Younger students can create a booklet of pictures of their day in time.
Younger students can create puppets using popsicle sticks or socks.
Younger students can do simple math problems involving adding and subtracting game scores.
Younger students can draw a daily weather picture based on what they see outside.
Younger students can draw a picture of the item in the column.
Younger students can draw pictures as journal entries.
Younger students can draw pictures of food found in their local markets.
Younger students can enhance their spelling skills with a unit which has built-in vocabulary games.
Younger students can enroll in specially designed classes.
Younger students can help out with numbering pieces and gluing their finished work down.
Younger students can just spell out their messages older students can create a cipher.
Younger students can learn about the water cycle and important issues surrounding water pollution.
Younger students can learn how a bill becomes a law.
Younger students can learn the routine of each day.
Younger students can measure the distances.
Younger students can obtain and compare information for their own state.
Younger students can play a game identifying constellations.
Younger students can play the game to learn to identify verbs and adverbs in English.
Younger students can simulate a habitat for wildlife in the classroom.
Younger students can study along with older siblings easily.
Younger students can tally guesses in each section and then use a calculator to add the guesses.
Younger students can use precut ovals.
Younger students can work in small groups, with each group locating a site for one event.
Younger Students Draw a picture of a magical machine.
Younger students enjoy story times, book talks, filmstrips, and a variety of reading contests.
Younger students get fewer options than do upperformers.
Younger students have fewer language needs.
Younger students have greater success with listening, as a rule.
Younger students have music twice a week, moving to three times a week in third grade.
Younger students have services in their classrooms, upper grades meet in the lunchroom or gym.
Younger students have their own classes and join with the older group for activities and trips.
Younger students join in special liturgical celebrations.
Younger students join Park District teams.
Younger students learn basic computer skills through game-like programs and activities.
Younger students learn from the older ones and vice versa.
Younger students living with family members can also attend with permission.
Younger students look up to and admire high school students.
Younger students look up to older youth and take their advice seriously.
Younger students participate at the teacher's discretion.
Younger students perform more effectively with less learner control.
Younger students receive weekly or bi-weekly group and weekly private lessons.
Younger students record their kindesses by sticking a star in the journal.
Younger students take advantage of our early reading program offered during the summer.
Younger students take part in age-appropriate service activities.
Younger students take two to three technique classes a week.
Younger students visit businesses to observe people at work in a variety of settings.
Younger students wear bicycle helmets more than older students.
Younger sturgeon are brownish grey with clear green on the lower parts of the head and body.
Younger sufferers have a better chance of recovery.
Younger swimmers take note.
Younger taxpayers can skip the math exercise.
Younger teachers are more common at the elementary level.
Younger teachers can be pleased to get any or all, and through Arlington's program they do.
Younger teachers expect to and are trained to use technology.
Younger teachers scorn the housing project.
Younger teams tend to do better than older teams.
Younger teams tend to get distracted by things here and there.
Younger teens feel awkward about their changing bodies and their social relationships.
Younger teens have difficulty with compromise.
Younger teens tend to rely more on parental advice than older ones.
Many younger teens don t consider oral sex as sex.
Most younger teenagers stay at home and have the back up from their parents.
Younger termites are completely dependent on older termites for their food.
Younger toddlers do better with identification books.
Younger toddlers grow antsy, and sometimes virtually police themselves.
Younger trees are usually well-formed with a full crown and straight bole.
Younger trees grow up toward the top, ready to replace fallen trees.
Younger trees have a quite different appearance .
Younger trees produce more sprouts than older trees.
Younger trees stand a much better chance.
Younger turtles tend to favor meat and are generally more carnivorous.
Younger urchins have purple tinged spines that are mostly pale green in color.
Younger users are less likely to care than older users, as well.
Younger users are less likely to know their party affiliation.
Younger users report more frequent usage of research information found on the Web.
Younger victims have physical or developmental disabilities.
Younger viewers make little distinction between broadcast and cable networks.
Younger viewers remain hard to reach for mainstream news sources.
Younger vines are particularly susceptible to weakening due to overcropping.
Younger visitors are very welcome to join the children's class.
Younger visitors can practice their alphabet as they walk along the arboretum trail.
Younger voices rise over racism.
Younger volunteers are welcome, if they truly want to work and come with adult co-workers.
Younger volunteers can use their volunteer time for career exploration.
Younger volunteers produce less but learn important lessons.
Younger voters have higher expectations for candidates.
Younger voters have more enthusiasm for voting than older voters.
Younger voters have the opposite response.
Younger voters look longingly at the stock market.
Younger voters tend to be more influenced by the popular media.
Younger voters tend to turn out in higher percentages than older voters.
Younger warts present a higher viral amount when compared to old warts.
Younger westerners are more optimistic than their older counterparts.
Younger wines react less than older wines.
Younger women appear to be much more likely to choose shoes for comfort.
Younger women appear to have increased knowledge.
Younger women are at even greater biological risk.
Younger women are at greatest risk.
Younger women are hesitant to enter the sciences, knowing that the pay scales are limited.
Younger women are less prepared to follow suit.
Younger women are more likely to wear flat shoes.
Younger women are more willing to talk about sex and gossip than older women.
Younger women are much more interested in making change than making theory.
Younger women are now more likely to be educated than their mothers.
Younger women are the greatest proponents of change.
Younger women can fight osteoporosis by getting the recommended daily amounts of calcium.
Younger women coming to the women's movement today have a lot to say about feminism.
Younger women do have lower rates of heart disease than men the same age.
Younger women gather shea nuts for the oil and collect other items from the forest.
Younger women gather shea nuts for their oil and collect other items from the forest.
Younger women have a greater chance of dying of a heart attack than men.
Younger women have different issues.
Younger women living at higher altitudes are at highest risk.
Younger women report more drinking-related problems than do older women.
Younger women tend to be abused more often than older women.
Younger women tend to have firmer, harder breast because the tissue is denser.
Younger women tend to have more pain and less satisfaction from sex than older women.
Younger women wear their caps on the back of the head.
Many younger women have benign processes that can be evaluated as they come up.
Many younger women report the problem too, especially after having a baby.
Younger workers are cheaper and more flexible.
Younger workers are likely to pick up and leave.
Younger workers are likely to turn to technology-based resources first in their job searches.
Younger workers are more likely to eat and schmooze in the company lunchroom.
Younger workers are more likely to prefer riskier portfolios than workers close to retirement.
Younger workers are more open to partnering than older workers.
Younger workers are the most vulnerable to being poor.
Younger workers are unlikely to spend their careers at one company, some experts say.
Younger workers build up benefits faster.
Younger workers can qualify with fewer years of work.
Younger workers come into the work force knowing the latest technologies that are in high demand.
Younger workers have different concerns and needs than older workers.
Younger workers have higher injury and illness rates than older workers do.
Younger workers have higher occupational entry rates for several reasons.
Younger workers have the energy to put in longer days.
Younger workers leave for places where job prospects are better and wage rates are higher.
Younger workers look for pension funding that is portable.
Younger workers lose less.
Younger workers represent an increasing proportion of people in the workforce.
Younger workers say they hit a wall when competing for promotions against older workers.
Many younger workers look for opportunities to keep skills current to be viable in the marketplace.
Younger wrestlers have the mat during the first half before giving way to the older ones.
Younger writers ought to be as well.
Youngers are descriptions.
Youngest babies can enjoy kicking the foot board.
Youngest daughter nominates son for the job of picking up sticks.
Youngest fields are up to good stands.
Youngest islands are still active and lie at the southeast end of the chain.
Youngest leaves develop a distinct copper coloration.
Youngest leaves die.
Youngest leaves have a light to dark green mottle or mosaic in narrow streaks along veins.
Youngest leaves are initially immune to the disease.
Youngest leaves redden, later turn yellow to brown and drop early.
Youngest leaves show first symptoms.
Youngest plants are in good condition.
Youngest twigs reddish or purplish.
A youngster is a person
Youngster is a European research project to develop prototypical services.
Youngsters also adopt parents' attitudes.
Youngsters also can compete in a contest by drawing their concept of a boat of the future.
Youngsters also can see elephant training sessions and sea lion demonstrations.
Youngsters also find out how to help when someone has trouble breathing.
Youngsters also get an education in real history, sociology and cultural diversity.
Youngsters also get yogurt.
Youngsters also have a greater tendency to develop the disease as well.
Youngsters also like Adventure Island, the water wonderland next door.
Youngsters also love the soft play area which has a waterside flavour.
Youngsters appear regularly in the gospel narratives.
Youngsters are at higher risk of injury while training than competing.
Youngsters are back to school.
Youngsters are concerned about their elders who claim to be spiritual and behave unspiritual.
Youngsters are especially vulnerable to a large number of noxious agents.
Youngsters are extremely choosy about sunglasses.
Youngsters are generally darker than the adults.
Youngsters are interested in knowing about others who share their traits.
Youngsters are likely to pick up ticks while playing.
Youngsters are more likely to remain silent because they fear being scolded or punished.
Youngsters are often unruly, rebellious and irresponsible.
Youngsters are often very confused about what they want to do.
Youngsters are open to new cultures.
Youngsters are outdoors, using up energy, keeping cool, having a great time.
Youngsters are people.
Youngsters are prepared to compete in larger local, state, national, and international arenas.
Youngsters are primarily insectivorous, switching into herbivorous habits as adults.
Youngsters are ready to follow their mothers across the vertical landscape in just a few hours.
Youngsters are their own best educators, parents their best first teachers.
Youngsters are to bring a sack lunch and beverage each day.
Youngsters are usually the agents to introduce new contionts.
Youngsters are welcome to bring a teddy bear or other bedtime companion.
Youngsters are young people.
Youngsters attend eight week sessions, offered year round.
Youngsters attending the camp can choose a day-only or residential option.
Youngsters average more than two hours of watching each evening.
Youngsters baby recent of illustrated the stories recent reading, girls adolescents.
Youngsters begin each day with Hebrew songs and prayers.
Youngsters begin to be diverted from the formal system.
Youngsters benefit when their education is looked at holistically.
Youngsters can also conduct online experiments involving conductors and insulators.
Youngsters can also safely learn how to handle an atalatal, a wooden sling used for throwing spears.
Youngsters can also use adult area, if they have parental permission.
Youngsters can count from one tub to eight piggins.
Youngsters can create a sculpture, play the drums and explore with shapes.
Youngsters can download games and send electronic postcards of scenes snapped along the way.
Youngsters can enjoy a maze, quizzes and a coloring page.
Youngsters can enjoy crafts, games and refreshments that reflect the holiday theme.
Youngsters can enjoy hayrides and a petting zoo.
Youngsters can enjoy sports, crafts, and special events all summer long.
Youngsters can enter through their senior year.
Youngsters can explore role playing and fashion design as they create eighteen hats.
Youngsters can get into the art mood by experimenting with many of the media seen in the exhibition.
Youngsters can help with the less essential jobs of grooming and walking.
Youngsters can join the fun here.
Youngsters can learn about the wind and the colors in the sky while sharpening observation skills.
Youngsters can learn alot by spending time on the practice green.
Youngsters can learn where the insects live and what clues they provide about their environment.
Youngsters can look forward to an expensive present from their parents or an elder relatives.
Youngsters can make a mosaic or macaroni necklace.
Youngsters can make holiday greeting cards.
Youngsters can make ornaments, jewelry and other holiday crafts with a sea theme.
Youngsters can only grow when they feel safe and secure.
Youngsters can paint the figure however they like.
Youngsters can participate in both lessons or stay for one.
Youngsters can participate in up for five different sports.
Youngsters can personalize a t-shirt.
Youngsters can play games such as cakewalk, softball throw, balloon darts and dime toss.
Youngsters can practice meeting a dog safely in a controlled situation.
Youngsters can prepare a butterfly garden, hatch amphibian eggs, and create a rainbow.
Youngsters can sign up for one or both sessions.
Youngsters can visit pre-Columbian pottery collection and make their own ceramic vessel.
Youngsters can walk to and from a movie or evening function at any of the schools with out fear.
Youngsters can waste a lot of time tracking down things like pencils, paper, mlers, etc.
Youngsters can waste a lot of time tracking down things like pencils, paper, rulers, etc.
Youngsters can watch the worms pupate and turn into moths.
Youngsters can wet a line and win a prize if they catch a big fish.
Youngsters catch up on pals and have a swinging time partying.
Youngsters certainly pick up on their parents subtle mood changes.
Youngsters clutch the oversized stuffed animals that they've won at games.
Youngsters come into the program in a variety of ways.
Youngsters compete in numerous pageants and there are lots of food, games and rides.
Youngsters compete solo in ancient and modern hula.
Youngsters continue to be the stars of the show.
Youngsters count the number of starfish, fish, anchors and other objects that wash up on the shore.
Youngsters create bookmarks, book covers and other story-related art.
Youngsters design and build their own water system using a variety of easy-fit tubing and sprayers.
Youngsters develop in ball-handling, passing, shooting, rebounding and defense.
Youngsters differ in metabolism and nutritional requirements.
Youngsters do it virtually at funhouse.
Youngsters do math and write every day, and they spend a lot of time reading.
Youngsters do the same thing.
Youngsters eagerly present their calendar.
Youngsters enjoy a carousel ride.
Youngsters enjoy a summertime dip at a local beach.
Youngsters enjoy a variety of hands-on activities.
Youngsters enjoy block-building in Adventure Ocean.
Youngsters enjoy fishing off the docks or jetty, and bonfires on the beach attract members nightly.
Youngsters enjoy sadism and love to watch fights.
Youngsters enjoy seeing the newspaper as it was on the day of their births.
Youngsters enjoy singing show tunes, jingles, and other music.
Youngsters enjoy the giant playscape and miniature train.
Youngsters enjoy trying to putt , chipping , beginning to see what that's like.
Youngsters enjoy trying to putt, chipping, beginning to see what that's like.
Youngsters enjoy variety and like to try new things.
Youngsters especially look forward to spending lots of time outdoors.
Youngsters even have special daily events aboard.
Youngsters experience the personal rewards of scientific and technical careers.
Youngsters find fun and adventure all year around.
Youngsters find it hard to be alert and energetic at that time and are often grouchy.
Youngsters find it more comfortable to start playing baseball with a tee.
Youngsters first build their story and capture the action on the PC movie camera.
Youngsters gather together to draw pictures about what makes children sick in their neighborhood.
Youngsters get a chance to smile and dream, feel safe and secure.
Youngsters get a head start.
Youngsters get a lot from caring older people.
Youngsters get clubs to join, games to play, and excellent homework helpers and school resources.
Youngsters get hands-on experience with the ancient arts.
Youngsters get to keep what they retrieve.
Youngsters go on to apply the skills presented through six strong activities.
Youngsters go to bed in fitful anticipation of the next morning.
Youngsters grapple with their choice of toys.
Youngsters grow up and want more responsibility and choice.
Youngsters grow up in a world of passive input.
Youngsters grow up without their tribal rituals and their future is hazy.
Youngsters have difficulty separating reality and fantasy.
Youngsters have more freedom and safety in campgrounds than in many residential neighborhoods.
Youngsters have their own game section.
Youngsters have to be prepared for that.
Youngsters have to live their own lives.
Youngsters have to share, wait their turn, and negotiate with their peers during play.
Youngsters head off to playgrounds in local parks or their own backyards.
Youngsters imitate adults.
Youngsters imitate grown-ups.
Youngsters improve their stories by specifying what they see, hear, touch, taste, and smell.
Youngsters inside have to contribute immediately.
Youngsters investigate the setting by finding pictures of barns and writing descriptive paragraphs.
Youngsters just learning to use the mouse can develop their coordination with a game of hippo ball.
Youngsters know that promises are to be kept.
Youngsters learn about their environment and recreational skills associated with living in Florida.
Youngsters learn cooking and food service in the school's diner-like snack shop.
Youngsters learn differently than adults.
Youngsters learn from and love the engines' humorous antics, gentle lessons.
Youngsters learn from the cooperative experience of interpreting real life into block forms.
Youngsters learn it in school.
Youngsters learn much before they go to school.
Youngsters learn that they can solve a problem in more than one way.
Youngsters learn the importance of concepts and reasons to truly learn the concepts.
Youngsters learn the language faster than their parents.
Youngsters learn the life cycles of fish, their anatomy and their senses and behaviors.
Youngsters learn to climb fences before they're able to ride two-wheelers.
Youngsters learn to express themselves in a clear, concise manner, and to support their decisions.
Youngsters leave their natal group as soon as they reach sexual maturity.
Youngsters leaving the child welfare system are especially vulnerable.
Youngsters like to be physical.
Youngsters like to help by finding all the edge pieces, or the pieces with a certain color.
Youngsters like to make, decorate, and wear their own special nametags.
Youngsters like to pull on cords, which can pull an appliance off of a shelf and onto the child.
Youngsters listen and join in singing, providing hours of entertainment.
Youngsters listen and retell in writing.
Youngsters listen and retell orally.
Youngsters love running there.
Youngsters love to chant the text with or without the book in hand.
Youngsters make mistakes, it's a natural.
Youngsters model their behavior from parents' example.
Youngsters move their gingerbread man pawn by matching cards and spaces on the board.
Youngsters move their gingerbread man pawns by matching cards and spaces on the board.
Youngsters nurture a crush with someone a lot elder than they are, and is thus unattainable.
Youngsters pick up electrical, home-wiring and automation skills well before leaving high school.
Youngsters play in the surf while learning to swim.
Youngsters play it everywhere, elders comment it everywhere.
Youngsters predict the future Metro Detroit kids are tuned in to the dawning of the new millennium.
Youngsters prefer the mild parent or teacher.
Youngsters read and retell in writing.
Youngsters read and retell orally.
Youngsters realize how much fun it is to find just what they want.
Youngsters receive the same vaccine, but are boosted one month later.
Youngsters recognize differing situations that are constantly repeated.
Youngsters rule most homes today.
Youngsters seem especially fond of giant meal worms.
Youngsters select books to share the warm, cozy experience of reading together at the home.
Youngsters simply squeeze the lever, release and blow bubbles to their heart's content.
Youngsters sing traditional songs and dance around haystacks.
Youngsters sit attentively.
Youngsters spend each week-long session on projects that require engineering skills.
Youngsters start their projects in an interactive tree house.
Youngsters stay with their parents on their home turf till they're five or six years old.
Youngsters stay with their parents up to four years.
Youngsters steer clear of the old bulls and their harems.
Youngsters take a high proportion of lizards and grasshoppers.
Youngsters take apart homemade rocks to discover that rocks are made of different ingredients.
Youngsters take trips to amusement parks, state fairs and baseball games.
Youngsters tend to be attracted to water and mud.
Youngsters tend to favor retention basins, the neighbors yard, a golf course, or the local park.
Youngsters tend to imitate adults.
Youngsters tend to put things in their mouths, increasing the risk of choking.
Youngsters there are hungry for books.
Youngsters travel daily to various local recreational and entertaining sites.
Youngsters travel daily to various local recreational and entertainment sites.
Youngsters tumble, climb, and run playing follow the leader.
Youngsters use it today as inhalants.
Youngsters wait patiently for their turn on the test track.
Youngsters watch a video that explains abuse in terms they can understand.
Youngsters win bikes in program at police dept.
Youngsters often confuse cleaners and food items because packaging is similar.
Youngsters often know more about the technology than their mums and dads.
Youngsters often think that it requires four lines to divide the rectangle in to four regions.
Youngsters usually shed within a few days of being born.
All youngsters are for sale privately until they are entered in a sale.
All youngsters are like that.
All youngsters are welcome to participate.
All youngsters face some risk factors at some time.
All youngsters participate in a daily arts and crafts period.
All youngsters receive library instruction.
Any youngster is regarded as a potential bomber or gunman.
Every youngster deserves quality health care.
Every youngster is a valuable, creative person.
Every youngster is different but generally eight is a good age to begin.
Every youngster is different.
Every youngster knows what it means to surf the net.
Every youngster receives both toys and clothes.
Many youngsters are unhappy with their bodies.
Many youngsters come from one-parent households or families in crisis.
Many youngsters earn extra money by mowing lawns.
Many youngsters enter a stage where they have a driving interest in astronomy and space science.
Many youngsters feel abandoned when they return home.
Many youngsters fight just because of boredom.
Many youngsters fill the street pleasantly.
Many youngsters find themselves working as child labourers and are forced to migrate to seek a job.
Many youngsters forget how to swim while panicked.
Many youngsters get their main meal of the day at school, so it is important they are nutritious.
Many youngsters go through such a phase, and then grow out of it.
Many youngsters have the skills to take on the role of teacher and help parents navigate the web.
Many youngsters learn some Shakespearean soliloquies by heart after appreciating one of the movies.
Many youngsters leave school having gotten almost nothing from the whole experience.
Many youngsters mention material possessions as being important and desirable.
Many youngsters outgrow knock-knees by age six.
Many youngsters prefer the empty boxes or household pots and pans.
Many youngsters prefer to read, color or do quiet activities during lunch recess.
Many youngsters say they begin sniffing when they're in grade school.
Many youngsters search for mean- ing and spiritual fulfillment.
Many youngsters search for meaning and spiritual fulfillment.
Many youngsters still enter kindergarten without having received the required immunizations.
More youngster learn to make cornhusk dolls.
More youngsters are healthy, growing well, and bursting with energy and life.
More youngsters remember hearing about Vietnam, a war that created more questions than answers.
Most youngsters are interested in the benefits of adulthood but try to ignore the responsibilities.
Most youngsters are unaware of how to protect themselves from online dangers.
Most youngsters can only take in so much information at one time.
Most youngsters outgrow it.
Most youngsters outgrow their occasional binges and turn into responsible adults.
Most youngsters pick up English informally.
Most youngsters spend two to four hours a day in front of a home television.
Most youngsters undergo a dramatic color change as they mature.
Most youngsters view the future through a prism of their own values and causes.
Most youngsters wonder about what they're going to do with their lives when they grow up.
Some youngsters bang their head during temper tantrums as a way of venting strong emotions.
Some youngsters become fearful.
Some youngsters become interested in rocks end minerals.
Some youngsters develop more quickly than others.
Some youngsters do take creatine and have reported some of the same benefits as reported in adults.
Some youngsters enjoy libraries.
Some youngsters feel anxious most of the time.
Some youngsters have a much more difficult time than others.
Some youngsters have depression or ADHD in addition to conduct disorder.
Some youngsters have significant problems with self help skills including dressing and eating.
Some youngsters learn to resolve their own conflicts in a violent manner.
Some youngsters live in single parent homes, while others live with aged grandparents.
Some youngsters own rowboats, or boats with outboards, and begin fishing while they are young.
Some youngsters paint at easels.
Some youngsters receive very little teaching and support at home.
Some youngsters think so.
Some youngsters trade possessions for drugs.
Some youngsters wear backpacks too low on their backs or sling only one strap across a shoulder.
Your're input is great.
Yous butts is only gettin wider and the twinkie box is only gettin emptier.
Youth activists exchange ideas and strategy.
Some youth advocates oppose creating buildings that resemble prisons.
Youth center features live music.
Youth centers operate in various cities and villages.
Youth centres have member's forums and committees who decide what activities are undertaken.
Youth clubs are also in abundance and offer many social activities.
Youth clubs are also popular.
Some youth clubs have a preference for the ecological education and related actlvltles.
Youth councils allow youth to make a difference in their communities.
Youth court is a diversion program.
Youth court is a sentencing court.
Youth court is a voluntary alternative to the juvenile justice system.
Youth court is closed to the public and held without a jury.
Youth crime continues to decline.
Youth crime crosses all societal, cultural and economic boundaries.
Youth crime is a declining problem.
Youth crime is mostly a local phenomenon.
Youth crime is strongly related to socioeconomic status.
Youth crime is up.
Youth crime remains a stubborn problem.
Some youth crime is unavoidable, but much is unnecessary.
Youth culture expands adolescence to it's modern extent.
Youth culture has a high profile in cyberpunk fiction.
Youth culture is a characteristic of industrialised society.
Youth culture is essentially a fun culture.
Youth culture is generation
Youth culture is now an obsession.
Youth culture is now closer to radical politics than at any time since the days of punk.
Youth culture is subculture
Youth culture is subculture.
Youth development depends on much more than programs.
Youth development emphasizes the development of competencies and capacities in young people.
Youth development is a concept well advanced in various countries overseas.
Youth development is about meeting basic needs and developing personal competencies.
Youth development is inclusive.
Youth development is the process of growing up and developing one s capacities in positive ways.
Youth development is the process of growing up and developing one's capacities in positive ways.
Youth development remains high on our agenda.
Youth empowerment is the goal of the process.
Youth gang is gang
Youth gang is gang.
Youth gangs are an increasing problem in our culture.
Youth gangs are no longer the exclusive problem of large cities.
Youth gangs are prevalent in the cities, and domestic violence and child abuse are rampant.
Youth gangs are responsible for thefts, rapes, assault, drug sales, murder and more.
Youth gangs are well-established and growing.
Youth gangs organize quest for power, money.
Youth gangs take on various forms in different communities so there is no single solution.
Youth gangs work.
Youth group does a lot of good things for the kids who belong to it, the community, and the church.
Youth group is a ministry that is for youth.
Youth group is a very comforting place.
Youth group is an open caring community.
Youth groups are also a common feature everywhere.
Youth groups are also welcome to come and take part in a work project.
Youth groups are available for most ages.
Youth groups are certainly welcome to come and help.
Youth groups are complex.
Youth groups are eligible for consideration.
Youth groups are more than just wild fun and games.
Youth groups are open to young people throughout the community.
Youth groups can get a key to drive into the canoe campsites.
Youth groups can volunteer for special projects when accompanied by adult supervision.
Youth groups continue to have difficulties providing services to children of low-income families.
Youth groups do most of the folding and packaging of patterns.
Youth groups get a discount for bulk subscriptions.
Youth groups receive first consideration.
Youth groups require adult chaperones.
Youth groups require adult supervision.
Youth groups supervised by qualified leaders are also eligible.
Youth groups thrive, shrink to nothing, and thrive again.
Youth groups visit to help create practical ecological solutions.
Youth groups welcome.
Youth groups work best when youth are free to reach out to their friends.
Youth groups work on carpentry projects, sewing, cooking, plumbing, and masonry with supervision.
All youth groups are in the business of preparing today's youths to be the leaders of tomorrow.
All youth groups are welcome with adult supervision.
All youth groups are welcome.
All youth groups welcome.
Many youth groups choose one emphasis for ministry among youth, such as evangelism or education.
Many youth groups make money year-round by recycling newspapers and cans.
Many youth groups take kids out for picnics, hikes and general fun.
Some youth groups are places where people look for victims.
Some youth groups require spiritual chiropractic in order to realign aching members of the body.
Youth hockey is a big deal in Connecticut.
Youth hockey is a great example.
Youth hockey is no different.
A youth hostel is a housing
Youth hostels are a rarity, but can be found within the city.
Youth hostels are a worldwide concept.
Youth hostels are also more expensive as they tend to offer a greater level of comfort.
Youth hostels are cheap, but of variable quality.
Youth hostels are good places to stay.
Youth hostels are great for biking singles who want to meet others.
Youth hostels are the students' affordable way to travel and get a flavor for foreign cultures.
Youth hostels encourage activity and awareness.
Youth hostels exist, although they seem quite regimented with curfews and set dinner times.
Youth hostels vary greatly.
All youth hostels are open during the summer and some for the whole year.
Many youth hostels serve as sites for international youth gatherings.
Most youth hostels are now open to people of all ages.
Most youth hostels have access to email facilities as do most five star hotels.
Youth leader helps one of the teens.
Youth leaders are an invaluable community resource.
Youth leaders click here for more details.
Youth leaders entertain, hand out prizes and preach against gangs, drugs and violence.
Youth leaders get high marks from teens.
Youth leaders help to plan and carry out activities at club meetings.
Youth leaders spend time with their students in a spiritually challenging wilderness setting.
Many youth leaders encourage their whole group to go.
Most youth leaders relate well with other youth because of similar ages and interests.
Youth leadership is developed.
Youth leadership is the most effective method of dealing with youth problems.
Youth leagues are at the bottom of the list.
Most youth leagues accept children age five and over.
Youth marketing is blatant and uses Western themes.
Youth ministers can be a key to ultimate success.
Youth ministers can nominate other youth ministers.
Youth ministers lead harried lives.
Youth ministries are at high risk for sexual misconduct allegations.
Youth ministries are vital.
Youth ministries meet at the same time.
Youth ministry begins when adults find a comfortable method of entering a youth's world.
Youth ministry can be a dangerous baby-sitting service.
Youth ministry can do a lot for an individual.
Youth ministry can only improve.
Youth ministry flows through relationships.
Youth ministry is about more than summer camp and having a lock-in once in a while.
Youth ministry is about relationships, period.
Youth ministry is also a time to have fun with old and new friends.
Youth ministry is anything the church does that is by, with, and for youth.
Youth ministry is both theological and organizational.
Youth ministry is central to the vision.
Youth ministry is comprehensive.
Youth ministry is evangelistic and educational.
Youth ministry is inclusive rather than exclusive.
Youth ministry is more than another program.
Youth ministry is no easy task.
Youth ministry is our forte.
Youth ministry is our place to serve.
Youth ministry is singular.
Youth ministry is vital to our parish.
Youth ministry occupies a large part of the parish's activities.
Most youth of today become sexually active during their teenage years.
Youth orchestras help pull communities together.
Youth organisations draw strength from the example of the suffragettes.
Youth organizations are an important context for providing such active roles for youth.
Youth organizations are organizations.
Youth organizations are the primary focus.
Youth organizations can also get free homepages here.
Youth organizations have all kinds of programs.
Youth organizations have their own list.
Youth organizations try and involve the younger members of the group in their activities.
Some youth organizations don t recognize adolescents autonomy in making behavioral choices.
More youth participation means more exhibits.
Youth pastors are also welcome.
Youth pastors are notorious for logging long and irregular hours.
Youth pastors are welcome.
Youth pastors can be, too.
Youth pastors can find kindred spirits and resources.
Youth pastors have a unique combinations of skills in ministry.
Youth pastors work at the epicenter of American culture.
Some youth pastors have, for example, the gift of teaching.
Some youth pastors prosper for a season.
Youth philanthropy demonstrates the benefits of empowering teenagers to solve community problems.
Youth philanthropy is an approach to empower and establish young people as community leaders.
Youth program graduates first class , focuses on behavior and manners.
Youth programs abound in the area.
Youth programs are also available for our older children.
Youth programs are available.
Youth programs are effective in providing at-risk youth with vital alternatives.
Youth programs attempt to instill pride by presenting alternatives to destructive choices.
Youth programs can also serve as excellent means for fundraising.
Youth programs emphasize developmentally appropriate instruction and training.
Youth programs encourage involvement of family members.
Youth programs focus on technique, whether concentrating on performing arts or visual art.
Youth programs offer an alternative outlet for young people.
Youth programs offer up another ideal opportunity to foster resiliency.
Youth programs utilize it.
All youth programs are free and open to the public.
All youth programs are free or offer a sliding fee scale to accommodate all families.
All youth programs are free.
All youth programs are open to Berlin residents only.
All youth programs encourage the completion of traditional or alternative education programs.
Many youth programs center around projects.
Most youth programs are, first and foremost, service organizations.
Some youth programs are more about fun and activity and less about discipling and equipping.
Youth projects are an integral part of our plans.
Youth service is one of the most effective forms of helping young people grow up.
Youth services are still urgent, and economic development studies remain urgent as well.
Youth services provide quality after school care for youth including preventive services.
Youth smoking creates bad publicity.
Youth smoking remains a problem even in countries that have nominally banned cigarette advertising.
Youth sport are about having fun, making friendships, and learning the game.
Youth sport is an area that fosters the personal growth of young players.
Youth sport is compared to other forms of sport.
Youth sports are about learning fundamentals, teamwork, sportsmanship and eating candy.
Youth sports are an important part of the local lifestyle.
Youth sports are big in Tallahassee because of the mild climate.
Youth sports are great for kids.
Youth sports are increasingly about winning, at all costs.
Youth sports can be a character-building experience for American families.
Youth sports coaching clinic is required of all volunteers.
Youth sports depends upon the time and energy of involved parents.
Youth sports offer a lucrative opportunity.
All youth sports involve some level of risk and have the possibility of injury.
Many youth sports require registration through a local athletic association.
Youth study elevates family's role.
Youth suicide demands more than short-term rescue of individuals drowning in emptiness.
Youth suicide is a leading cause of death among older adolescents.
Youth suicide is a significant health issue.
Youth suicide is a very big issue.
Youth suicide is an international problem.
Youth suicide is at an all-time high.
Youth suicide is covered.
Youth suicide is far more common in the United States than in any other nation.
Youth suicides are preventable.
Most youth suicide is preventable Depression and Teenagers Depression is a disease.
Youth team draws in their first match .
Youth team win South East Counties League Cup.
Youth teams are welcome.
Youth unemployment is already a critical problem in many African countries.
Youth unemployment is also a problem for the developed countries.
Youth unemployment is also on the rise.
Youth unemployment is now a major issue.
Youth unemployment is one of our government's main concerns.
Youth unemployment is three times the adult level.
Youth unemployment is twice as high as the average.
Youth unemployment is widespread and increasing.
Youth voices can have a powerful effect in bringing about changes in society.
Youth work has an important role to play in reducing delinquent lifestyles amongst the young.
Youth work is a particular focus.
Youth work is an important part of civic action in Finland.
Youth work is so important for our young people and it is also a very rewarding job.
Youth work is the work of planting.
Youth workers are welcome to call in as well.
Youth workers assist community youth to make positive changes in their lives.
Youth workers earn a wage for the service they perform.
Youth workers make a difference because they connect with young people in ways they value.
Youth workers spend a lot of time just waiting around.
Most youth workers believe they're creative.
Most youth workers find it easy to talk about sports, school and friends.
Youth abounds here.
Youth accept things and there is often less teasing because of the orientation.
Youth accepts and takes personal responsibility.
Youth acquire and evaluate information from the sheets.
Youth acquire and organize data, presenting it in display form to educate others.
Youth actively participate in the gardening process from seed to the final harvest.
Youth acts on convictions and stands up for beliefs.
Youth advocates pretest materials with young people as well as key stakeholders, including parents.
Youth ages thirteen and older are welcome to participate.
Youth allows for second chances.
Youth appear to be involved in the evaluation process.
Youth appear to be more receptive to RH messages and are more open to discussion.
Youth apprentices usually work full-time during the summer months.
Youth are able to actively participate in groups as a result of their involvement with the project.
Youth are able to actively participate in groups as a result of their involvement with the projects.
Youth are able to avoid the stigma and labels associated with a juvenile court record.
Youth are able to endow the church with an exceptional energy for the future.
Youth are able to make a difference.
Youth are able to participate in national and regional youth gatherings and events.
Youth are able to use whatever resources their sponsoring organizations can contribute.
Youth are active participants in thesse communities' efforts to curb alcohol use and access.
Youth are always the most audacious.
Youth are always welcome from the community.
Youth are always welcome.
Youth are amazing.
Youth are as affected as any other group by drug prohibition.
Youth are assertive in standing up for what they believe.
Youth are at greatest risk of violence after the regular school day.
Youth are at once burdens on the society and the hope of the future.
Youth are at risk today as never before.
Youth are better able to make positive choices within the context of a structured environment.
Youth are better prepared to say no to drug use and early sexual activity.
Youth are both the problem, with very low seat belt use rates, and the solution.
Youth are by nature idealistic.
Youth are concerned about jobs and future employment.
Youth are concerned about world issues such as world hunger.
Youth are concerned with youth unemployment and the lack of meaningful work.
Youth are creative, idealistic, imaginative, energetic, open-minded, gifted and competitive.
Youth are different physically and emotionally from both children and adults.
Youth are dreamers and visionaries.
Youth are eager to help with a tool they understand and enjoy using.
Youth are eligible to win individual ribbons and club certificates.
Youth are exceptional.
Youth are free to explore who they are and become comfortable being in the church.
Youth are fundamental actors for change.
Youth are generally more confined to the community, school and home.
Youth are good at making decisions.
Youth are good at making friends.
Youth are half of the world's population.
Youth are important because they are the church of today.
Youth are important resources and are part of the solution.
Youth are important resources for their communities.
Youth are important.
Youth are impressionable.
Youth are in a more political and combative frame of mind.
Youth are in a service activity which excites today's teens and hear some purity message.
Youth are in a transition from childhood to adulthood.
Youth are in their impressionable stages of life and focus on the here and now.
Youth are interested in exploring the unknown.
Youth are interested in information about relationships, and yes-even their bodies.
Youth are interested in money.
Youth are interested in participating in leader selection and search.
Youth are just as entitled to good treatment as adults.
Youth are legally free to have intercourse after they reach the age of consent .
Youth are looking for a high - they want to be moved.
Youth are make positive contributions to the community.
Youth are more likely to use services if they are free or inexpensive.
Youth are more responsible for their personal care and decision making.
Youth are most at risk.
Youth are mostly optimistic about globalisation.
Youth are natural leaders.
Youth are no exception.
Youth are often curious and eager to try new things.
Youth are often the best link between parents and the community.
Youth are our greatest investment.
Youth are part of a supportive group.
Youth are producers of culture as well as consumers of culture.
Youth are proficient in basic educational disciplines and have the capacity to utilize technology.
Youth are resources who can affect our problem-solving processes and products.
Youth are responsible for finding their own sponsors.
Youth are right to be disaffected as they lose.
Youth are sassy to adults in public.
Youth are sometimes overlooked instead of being noticed as the future of tomorrow.
Youth are somewhat more impressionable and make easy marks for the tobacco companies.
Youth are special.
Youth are stakeholders.
Youth are still over represented in fatal crashes compared to the older population.
Youth are the builders of nations, the pioneers on whom the progress of all humanity depends.
Youth are the church of today and tomorrow.
Youth are the church of today.
Youth are the eyes of the nation, for they are blessed with the power of criticism.
Youth are the largest untapped resource in the world.
Youth are the leaders.
Youth are the life of a town.
Youth are the main victims of irresponsible behavior.
Youth are the most ardent explorers of the wonder world of the Internet.
Youth are the pillar of the nation.
Youth are their own best exhibit.
Youth are three times more likely than adults to be victims of violence.
Youth are valuable and contributing community members who can change the world for the better.
Youth are valuable assets.
Youth are very spiritual by nature.
Youth are welcome and encouraged to participate.
Youth are welcome and encouraged to particpate.
Youth are welcome and leaders are needed.
Youth are welcome at the senior high level or above.
Youth are welcome to invite their friends.
Youth are welcome to stop by without an appointment.
Youth are welcome.
Youth arrests for some crimes, such as driving under the influence, fraud, and embezzlement, are up.
Youth assist adults with teaching, mentoring, and coaching in the earlier developmental phases.
Youth attempts to apply itself to society and they find themselves straying from it.
Youth attend a single-sex classroom setting with a parent or guardian.
Youth attend local schools and obtain support services in the community.
Youth attend monthly trainings on job skills and life skills development.
Youth attend school and receive counseling while living with their foster parents.
Youth attend school at camp, often catching up and then exceeding all former academic performance.
Youth avoid amid most knowledge yet supply michael bergin photo.
Youth become advocates for better health through a statewide poster contest.
Youth become aware of community needs and services.
Youth become competent by mastering tasks, demonstrating to themselves that they can do things well.
Youth become involved in caring for the forest.
Youth become more aware of water conservation, air pollution, and chemical exposure issues.
Youth become scientists when cooking snacks, building forts, or problem solving.
Youth begin the service in the main sactuary and leave for their classes after announcements.
Youth begin to create their own identity through what they do, where they go, and who they know.
Youth begin to question family and school rules and challenge their parents.
Youth begin to recognize healthy, appropriate ways to express their feelings and cope with loss.
Youth begins on the inside and eventually shows on the outside.
Youth being ignored is one of the most sickening things happening in today s gay community.
Youth believe it is important to abstain from sex.
Youth believe it is important to help other people.
Youth believe that most adults smoke and that it is therefore a symbol of adulthood.
Youth benefit from participating in volunteer activities.
Youth benefit from recognition by others for their healthy risk-taking, creativity, and innovation.
Youth breaks all the rules.
Youth bring vision and energy to issues.
Youth brings about a change.
Youth brings education, and education brings dreams.
Youth brings enthusiasm and hope.
Youth build self-confidence, gain personal achievement, and learn how to work with others.
Youth camp out while at Mono Lake, but use the facility for cooking, showers and bathrooms.
Youth can afford ideals, being vigorous enough to stand the hard knocks they earn their possessor.
Youth can and do think for themselves.
Youth can be active catalysts for community development.
Youth can be an advantage.
Youth can be easy prey for online predators.
Youth can be philosophical and can learn the philosophic habit by practice.
Youth can be so mean.
Youth can be so short-sighted.
Youth can be succinct.
Youth can begin serving in fourth grade.
Youth can begin to encounter challenges related to low self esteem at an early age.
Youth can bring items to sell such as old toys, books, crafts, but no food or drink.
Youth can bring their horses to the first clinic unless otherwise notified.
Youth can buy balloons filled with the gas.
Youth can compete in a number of events ranging from showmanship at halter to riding classes.
Youth can exhibit produce that they have grown at home and gain additional knowledge on gardening.
Youth can exhibit receptive or expressive language problems.
Youth can make a difference through watershed-based, community action projects.
Youth can make a significant contribution to fighting hunger and malnutrition around the world.
Youth can make appointement with out permition from their parents.
Youth can mentor, run teen courts, and report concerns anonymously.
Youth can offer free childcare to church members on a one-time or monthly basis.
Youth can only try out for teams in their appropriate age group.
Youth can pick from graphic elements, backgrounds and effects to create their personal pages.
Youth can play games, listen to bands, hang out in the caf and socialize.
Youth can play racquetball for free on a drop-in basis.
Youth can progress to state events after having participated in two county or area matches.
Youth can revitalize adults with an infusion of energy and creativity.
Youth can ride on our go-carts or just relax in the sun on our lake front beach.
Youth can spend their free time and access specific resources.
Youth can work at program setting, from home.
Youth can work on software individually, as a team.
Youth can work simultaneously, sequentially.
Youth canvass their communities in search of caring adults, places to go, and things to do.
Youth care about other people's feelings.
Youth care for dolls programmed to cry when they have needs to be met.
Youth change beyond none bar however rank venetian mirror.
Youth changes to agedness.
Youth Check out our youth page by clicking here .
Youth choose and make their own costumes and help choose the music.
Youth choose from baseball, soccer, gymnastics, dance, football, and many more.
Youth choose healthy behaviors.
Youth click here fairlawnwestyouth to join.
Youth come and go, often staying involved for about a year before moving on.
Youth come but once in a life-time.
Youth come from the Greater New Brunswick Area.
Youth come from the surrounding Pittsburgh area and meet once a week to participate in the program.
Youth come to play with our youth.
Youth come together for exploring faith and life.
Youth come together to discuss current issues with an adult.
Youth comes but once in a lifetime.
Youth comes to the fore.
Youth compete in contests at the district and state level.
Youth compete on various topics related to wildlife and their habitats.
Youth connect the subject matter and life skill discussion to the larger world.
Youth conquers all.
Youth consider down an castle both issue adventure gps products.
Youth continue to be involved as both perpetrators and victims of violence.
Youth continue to complete a variety of projects for numerous agencies throughout the community.
Youth continue to grow and change spiritually too.
Youth continue to lead the way to where prevention education needs to go.
Youth create their own home-based high school job.
Youth deer hunting is strongly encouraged and doe harvest is very welcomed.
Youth deer season opens in one short week.
Youth deer, dove and waterfowl hunts cater to the needs of young hunters and their adult chaperones.
Youth delegates delivering testimonies.
Youth delegates outline their plans.
Youth deploy decreases in felonies.
Youth describe politicians as unresponsive, and say they fail to address real problems.
Youth describe the results of the experience and their reactions.
Youth deserve respect .
Youth deserve respect.
Youth deserve to be treated with dignity and respect.
Youth develop and present their findings to a mock grand jury.
Youth develop appropriate work behavior in combination with skills training of the job.
Youth develop life skills by completing projects.
Youth develop skills to become leaders, discover their inner potential and personal strength.
Youth die of drug overdoses.
Youth dies, and beauty, and hope, and desire.
Youth dig deeper into their faith and are prepared to affirm the promises made in their baptisms.
Youth discover and claim their faith.
Youth discover for themselves what the Bible says.
Youth discover how stewardship impacts their hopes, dreams, and even their problems.
Youth discover how to think for themselves and how to communicate with others more effectively.
Youth discover the criminal justice through interaction with law students and legal professionals.
Youth discuss options and consequences and become involved.
Youth disrespect adults as if it's a new fashion in society.
Youth do an annual needs assessment and allocate funds to local programs.
Youth do go out, but always in groups.
Youth do tend to go back and fourth forth between hours.
Youth do well in school.
Youth does have it's advantages.
Youth does help, it appears.
Youth dove into lake and broke neck.
Youth earn religious emblems.
Youth earn valuable journalism experience while working together as a team to meet deadlines.
Youth earning their way up to A-Unit earn maximum privileges.
Youth educating and supporting each other is an effective way to reduce the number of youth smokers.
Youth elect their own club officers who preside at the club meetings.
Youth engage in risky behaviour in part because of a knowledge gap.
Youth enjoy a lighter moment as they share discussion in a small group.
Youth enjoy a meal, Bible study, discussion, affirmation and prayer.
Youth enjoy a snack supper, wild and crazy games, innovative programs, and a special time of music.
Youth enjoy fellowship, Bible study and service projects.
Youth enjoy receiving an award of their winnings and there are some openings in the trophy lists.
Youth enjoy some time for recreation, core group Bible study, and missions.
Youth entering sophomore through senior years of high school are eligible.
Youth equals light.
Youth equals speed.
Youth especially look for excitement, group identity, glory, and challenge to authority.
Youth everywhere have work to do in our world.
Youth examine the Christian faith and their own faith using Biblical and historic resources.
Youth examine their life stories, offense histories, and relapse cycles.
Youth exhibits only.
Youth exiting protective custody have extremely limited housing options.
Youth expects fun in the getting, age reflects on the fun of having given.
Youth experience the world of work and, enhance their basic education skills.
Youth experiences on mission trips continue to produce life-changing decisions among our youth.
Youth explore strategies to build friendship and trust as they create curriculum-related strategies.
Youth explore the relationship of agriculture to their daily lives.
Youth explore their own positive power as they volunteer in local communities.
Youth explore topics such as education, sexuality, ethnicity, violence, gender.
Youth face the challenge of balancing bustling modern lives with strong traditional values.
Youth feel it's all part of growing into adulthood, see adults doing it.
Youth feel that older people are more resistant to making changes.
Youth feel that the current curfew is too early for older youth.
Youth feels sinful, condemnd to hell due to homosexual orientation.
Youth fill our churches, the elderly are living longer and better.
Youth flash inside whatever answer while swept riding helmet.
Youth fly tying class for children of members.
Youth gain a sense of empowerment and learn about self-responsibilty and leadership.
Youth gain experience in a number of diverse subjects through the merit badge program.
Youth gain most of their information about the world of work from their parents and siblings.
Youth gain skills in patience, understanding, communication and responsibility.
Youth gather to play, learn, worship and grow together socially and in faith.
Youth gives way to maturity and maturity gives way to . . .
Youth go to the street for many reasons.
Youth go to youth camp.
Youth have access to information that is difficult for adults to obtain.
Youth have access to medical and routine dental services as required by law.
Youth have energy, skills to change the fate of the nation.
Youth have equal rights.
Youth have individual counseling at local mental health center.
Youth have little interest or possibility in joining unions.
Youth have many choices with what to do with their lives.
Youth have more influence over their peers in middle school.
Youth have multiple ways of knowing and expression.
Youth have no right to decide where they live or who they live with, what religion to practice.
Youth have ongoing realtionships with clergy, professional staff, teachers, and tutors.
Youth have opportunities to serve, lead, and make decisions.
Youth have plenty of opportunities for growth and fellowship at Highland.
Youth have powerful and effective informal networks.
Youth have retreats throughout the year as well as camps during the summer.
Youth have sex.
Youth have so many needs and challenges today.
Youth have the greatest opportunity for security and growth within their own families.
Youth have the most to gain from clean indoor air policies.
Youth have tremendous potential and are capable of helping to stop military pollution.
Youth heals the wounds of the heart.
Youth help programs pay off.
Youth help with staging and various jobs during the performance.
Youth helps, too.
Youth here tend to see their futures in bleak and narrow terms.
Youth hire staff, sit on boards of directors, help develop plans and evaluate programs.
Youth hold games and practices, tournaments to out of town teams.
Youth holds in light for only one cold kiss.
Youth hostels everywhere else accommodate people of all ages.
Youth identify a community issue and create a project to change and improve that issue.
Youth identify human impact on the planet and determine steps of action to enrich the environment.
Youth inspire new groups and younger students to take developed material and make it their own.
Youth is a challenge in itself.
Youth is a handicap for the philosophic writer.
Youth is a person
Youth is able to attend public schools.
Youth is about beauty, romance and strength.
Youth is accutely aware of the mistakes, failures, and shortcomings of others.
Youth is also a very vulnerable group in a fast changing society.
Youth is also an area that needs more attention.
Youth is also highly over-rated as a stage in life.
Youth is also less expensive.
Youth is also the lifeblood of an industry.
Youth is always conformist, more so than childhood or middle age.
Youth is always too serious, and just now it is too serious about frivolity.
Youth is attractive, whether it's female or male.
Youth is beautiful and grand but passes quickly.
Youth is beauty, and beauty is youth.
Youth is better than age.
Youth is but a dream to the old A youthful family of birds, Flying in the sky, Singing in the air.
Youth is characterized by great self-absorption.
Youth is characterized by strong passions, immaturity, and opportunity.
Youth is colorful, irreverent, entertaining, sometimes shocking, almost always rebellious.
Youth is corrupt.
Youth is curious.
Youth is desirable.
Youth is everything.
Youth is everywhere on our campus.
Youth is fraught with unlimited potentiality to accomplish great and wonderful things.
Youth is give a gradual initiation to life and society.
Youth is good.
Youth is hallowed in tennis, but youthfulness an inconvenience.
Youth is impulsive.
Youth is in full blossom.
Youth is in right now.
Youth is in.
Youth is indifferent.
Youth is intrinsic to their identity.
Youth is like spring, an over- praised season more remarkable for biting winds than genial breezes.
Youth is like spring, an over-praised season more remarkable for biting winds than genial breezes.
Youth is maturity.
Youth is nearly always what the local hit charts are all about.
Youth is never a problem to find.
Youth is no longer an excuse.
Youth is no protection against dangerous sleep.
Youth is nude, denoting vulnerability, an easy target for abuse, easy for the school to scapegoat.
Youth is on the vanguard of fashion, music, literature and popular culture.
Youth is one of the issues that the international community is facing nowadays.
Youth is rash, age is cautious, the youth is a spendthrift while the ancient is often a miser.
Youth is rather more complicated.
Youth is restless for more opportunities to achieve economic freedom and social advancement.
Youth is scary.
Youth is served Good riddance to all the players who turned pro early.
Youth is served.
Youth is so rich that it can endure an incredible amount of guilt.
Youth is stormy.
Youth is such a wonderful thing.
Youth is sweet and has a buoyant quality, while the enemy, time, is what makes the sweet bird fly.
Youth is synonymous with newness, hope, promise, energy and dynamism.
Youth is time periods.
Youth is too frantic.
Youth is too quickly intimate with peril.
Youth is valuable for humility.
Youth is what everyone seems to be striving for.
Youth is when the hyperplesia and dysplesias show up.
Youth is wholly experimental.
Youth is willing to take risks.
Youth is wise.
Youth is youth for a good reason.
Youth kick boxing classes also available.
Youth knows how to dream beautifully.
Youth lacks creative outlets for their energy.
Youth lead in worship a couple of times a year.
Youth lead in worship, witness, service events, dramas, and teaching younger students.
Youth lead the songs, announcements, games, drama, special music, and testimonies.
Youth learn about the guns and how to aim at and hit targets.
Youth learn about the importance of unity and the body.
Youth learn about the seriousness of a shoplifting arrest and the potential consequences.
Youth learn about their culture and heritage.
Youth learn about water quality and assist in the development of programs related to the topic.
Youth learn assertiveness along with an understanding of their own values.
Youth learn by doing and receive an award for a project.
Youth learn by doing, and receive an award for a project.
Youth learn communication skills to express their thoughts and feelings clearly and easily.
Youth learn crucial life and political skills through the practice of active participation.
Youth learn different cultures, languages, and societies by living in specific countries.
Youth learn easy dance steps while exercising to music.
Youth learn how to facilitate fun and interactive workshops that fit the needs of specific groups.
Youth learn how to properly feed, groom, halter, and show small beef or dairy calves.
Youth learn how to speak effectively with a minimum of preparation.
Youth learn important life skills as they take on future leadership roles.
Youth learn life skills for leisure, home, and work.
Youth learn life skills of citizenship, teamwork and leadership.
Youth learn livestock and agricultural training and greenhouse management.
Youth learn skills for living.
Youth learn skills in graphic design, video production, animation, etc.
Youth learn special music, and the importance of music in worship.
Youth learn teamwork, academic, communication and leadership skills.
Youth learn that soccer can be an exciting, fun and healthful sport for youth of all ages.
Youth learn that their world is one composed of complex, connected systems.
Youth learn the strategies of working with others in a disciplined environment.
Youth learn through a variety of teaching techniques and aids.
Youth learn to fence and compete in a local circuit.
Youth learn to make predictions, do experiments, record observations and discuss results.
Youth learn to overcome anger and peer pressure with professional schools programs. .
Youth learn to prioritize needs, review simple budgets and distribute funds based on needs.
Youth learn to share ideas, diagnose community problems and identify opportunities for change.
Youth learn trades such as carpentry and electrical work as well as attending school during the day.
Youth learn valuable skills in speechwriting and delivery, and gain confidence in their abilities.
Youth learn what is relevant in their lives.
Youth learn while they earn by holding positions as Explainers.
Youth like to follow leaders who are close to their own age.
Youth literally embody the future of their communities.
Youth literally embody the future of their cultures and communities.
Youth live in cabins with mature, college age counselors.
Youth live in conditions of low income both due to family poverty and personal situations.
Youth live in foster homes or independently in the community.
Youth live there up to one year.
Youth lives forever in curiosity, a sense of exploration, and a sense of delight.
Youth living in group homes receive counseling and support services where they live.
Youth living in the public housing communities face many barriers to academic success.
Youth living on the streets can call and receive referrals to homeless shelters.
Youth loiter in the streets without any hope of getting employment.
Youth loitering after school or hanging out on corners, provides a breeding ground for gangs.
Youth loitering after school orhanging out on corners provide a breeding ground for gangs.
Youth look forward and plan their future.
Youth look up to their coaches and other athletes.
Youth love to belong to something bigger than themselves.
Youth loves a challenge.
Youth make intergenerational connections with all ages- adults and children alike.
Youth make valuable contributions to society and they have the potential to contribute even more.
Youth means courage in adversity, a keen attitude for the adventure of life.
Youth means energy, spirit and enthusiasm.
Youth meet at various neighborhood parks in the community.
Youth meet in community centers, schools, and housing developments.
Youth meet in Youth area for devotion and prayer time.
Youth meet upstairs.
Youth meet weekly with their case manager to review and update service plan.
Youth meet with peers from other groups and neighborhoods to share experiences and collaboration.
Youth meets age, black meets white.
Youth monitor the quality of the water through chemical testing and biological monitoring.
Youth notice little, hurrying to the next waterhole, landmark, or campsite.
Youth now flees on feathered foot.
Youth now lives and works in the midst of temptation and vice.
Youth offers honey, and children, cakes.
Youth offers the promise of happiness, but life offers the realities of grief.
Youth organize events and facilitate meetings.
Youth organize the planning meetings with elected co-chairs and committee chairs.
Youth organize their lives based on school calendars and youth activities that change quarterly.
Youth paint the homes and learn a skill, while sprucing homes in the area.
Youth participating in the program are auditioned city wide in the recreation centers.
Youth passes and Saverpasses often offer substantial savings.
Youth patches for fun and to recognize achievment.
Youth pay regular admission price, parents are free.
Youth pay same fare as adult.
Youth perspective on a variety of issues.
Youth places high value on freely helping other people.
Youth places high value on promoting equality and reducing hunger and poverty.
Youth play many roles in contemporary understandings of the state of America.
Youth play summer and fall, adults in the summer.
Youth points out that pollution is also taking a toll on reptiles.
Youth prefer social acceptance to standards and authority.
Youth prepare and present a presentation on a topic of interest.
Youth primarily run away from home due to life crises that involve abuse and maltreatment.
Youth produce and lead one or two teen forums each year.
Youth produces and composes all tracks.
Youth programs People to People pays special attention to youth.
Youth provide specific ongoing services in teams.
Youth provide work clothes, sleeping bags, and work boots.
Youth provides minimal information - name, address, phone, age, previous schooling.
Youth range in age from early to late adolescence.
Youth receive activity sheets that encourage investigation skills.
Youth receive community ownership through development and maintenance community.
Youth receive consistent praise for positive productive behavior.
Youth receive intensive training - covering both internet skills and training skills.
Youth receive life skills education such as anger management.
Youth receive life skills instruction in an activity-centered classroom.
Youth receive tutoring in literacy, science, mathematics, and computer science.
Youth receives support from three or more nonparent adults.
Youth recruit new clients, manage the contracts, manufacture the products and train other youth.
Youth refuges are a relatively new form of homeless shelters.
Youth refuses to get downhearted.
Youth regard against any exception so pay bonneville.
Youth regard against any exception so pay caprice.
Youth regard against any exception so pay car bluebook values.
Youth regard against any exception so pay subaru drivetrain components.
Youth regularly attend religious programs or services.
Youth relate the experience to the targeted subject matter and life skills being learned.
Youth report liking to have someplace to go and activities to do.
Youth reports doing one or more hours of homework per day.
Youth reports having high self-esteem.
Youth respond to the portrayal of reality in campaigns.
Youth retreat focusing on cells and cell leaders.
Youth retreat twice a year and meet weekly for both serious discussion and fun.
Youth return home strenthened in their faith and equipped to face daily life challenges.
Youth return to general population units following successful completion of the program.
Youth run organized group meet and carry out community service projects.
Youth runs from what is pathetic, but hangs fondly upon pathos.
Youth runs upon few skirt consequently rode buffalo bills memorabilia.
Youth score high, for example, in Catholic identity.
Youth see class as preparation for performance.
Youth see clearly to the core of issues.
Youth see too far to see how near it is to seeing farther.
Youth seek role models through musicians.
Youth seeks meaning amidst the mindlessness and self-serving materialism of today.
Youth seeks models and examples.
Youth seem to be interested in cellphones, designer clothes, discos.
Youth select 'A' team.
Youth send requests for keypals to list and exchange messages.
Youth serve as acolytes and on some committees.
Youth serve as attorneys, jurors, clerks, bailiffs, etc.
Youth serve as computer mentors by teaching others about technology.
Youth serve as members, while adults are available as resources and mentors.
Youth serve at all levels of the program and participate in designing and developing projects.
Youth serve on boards and committees as active voting members.
Youth shirts and tanktops also.
Youth shows but half.
Youth sizes available for select teams.
Youth sizes blue ink on oatmeal shirt.
Youth sizes only.
Youth sizes small, medium and large.
Youth sizes small, medium, large.
Youth sleep in two man tents with cots.
Youth sleep in two person tents with cots.
Youth Speaks Out.
Youth spend the day in fellowship.
Youth spend the day serving and each evening they worship and grow during the evening program.
Youth spend time at home at least four nights a week.
Youth spend time in music training or practice.
Youth staggers out.
Youth start dipping and chewing at very young ages.
Youth stationed at sanctuary exits collect the donations and send the proceeds to a local charity.
Youth stay Type without heart on whatever dolphins posters once lain on the plant.
Youth still have the opportunity to participate in the State Fair's open goat show.
Youth still meet at the church to get a ride to our weekly location.
Youth strive to be their best and measure success against a standard.
Youth subcultures and the law.
Youth substitutes energy of mind for fullness of mind.
Youth suffers identity crisis as the rites of passage blur.
Youth swim lessons and junior lifeguarding are available during the summer only.
Youth symphony directors to continue the development through additional performance opportunities.
Youth sync swimming.
Youth take a basic skills assessment created from real work world situations.
Youth take an active part in learning.
Youth take by any leadership though draw womens sweetheart tees.
Youth take part in homework clinics, recreational sports, and character education projects.
Youth take responsibility for their own learning.
Youth take responsibility to contribute to solving alcohol or drug problems in their communities.
Youth take risk . . .
Youth takes over art gallery .
Youth tastes change rapidly.
Youth teaching academy offers group lessons to disabled and able-bodied players.
Youth tells about youth activities.
Youth tend to throw off self-restraint.
Youth test their skills and knowledge in both indoor and outdoor learning stations.
Youth there have no way out, no hope.
Youth therefore flies at power, and age grovels after riches.
Youth think about church vocations in large numbers.
Youth thinks regionalism is the political wave of the future .
Youth thinks regionalism is the political wave of the future.
Youth truly are the backbone of the nation.
Youth try to plan and implement at least one special event each month.
Youth turn to non-parent adults for advice and support.
Youth turn to parents for advice and support.
Youth underestimate the addictive nature of tobacco.
Youth use bikes to get to school and recreational activities.
Youth use inhalants while alone or in groups.
Youth use the Internet as a tool to communicate, organize, and promote anti-tobacco campaign.
Youth use the new subject matter and life skill experiences in other parts of their lives.
Youth use the same methodology with computer software.
Youth voices to the world about the world.
Youth warn against ignoring the reality of youth decision making.
Youth waterfowl hunting season.
Youth withers on the branch.
Youth work also takes up much of our time.
Youth work as members of an ten-person crew, supervised by two program staff.
Youth work at public or non-profit organizations to gain experience and good work habits.
Youth work at public, governmental, or non-profit agencies.
Youth work closely with others to contibute to the greater good.
Youth work in Wales is focussed on the needs of young people.
Youth work involves a delicate balance of corporate life and individual souls.
Youth work is much more difficult than most people realize.
Youth work is neither glamorous nor frivolous.
Youth work on teams and provide leadership to complete the activity.
Youth work placement training.
Youth work together, share information, provide explanations and evaluate themselves and others.
Youth workshops focusing on national programs and current issues.
Youth worship resources.
Youths also attend school on the campus, but classes are held sporadically.
Youths also can develop a garden, sell the vegetables they grow and pocket the money.
Youths appear more engaged than fearful about the different mixtures that make up Ecstasy.
Youths apply for grants through the state forester.
Youths are a discerning and sophisticated target audience.
Youths are a prime target where prevention efforts can be most effective.
Youths are able to make more choices today when it comes to products.
Youths are also hypersensitive to issues like relationship failures or the loss of a loved one.
Youths are always proud to have successfully completed the class.
Youths are generally deviants.
Youths are still nearly three times more likely than adults to be violent crime victims.
Youths are the center of the teen pregnancy prevention effort.
Youths are the investment for the future.
Youths are the one sector of the society that is most computer literate.
Youths become firesetters for a variety of reasons.
Youths bring an adult and have fun learning to plant, play and explore the outdoors.
Youths build their own shelters and plan wilderness trips.
Youths can also participate in cheerleading for football.
Youths can compete in activities at the county, district, state and national levels of competition.
Youths can enjoy organized activities on major weekends.
Youths can make small spirit masks and face-paint with aid from gallery teachers.
Youths can make small spirit masks and face-paint with assistance of gallery teachers.
Youths can paint a pictograph mural, create a leaf rubbing, propagate a succulent, and much more.
Youths can practice for hours to perfect their skill.
Youths carry passengers and goods on bikes.
Youths compete in simplified cars built from kits purchased from the All-American in Akron.
Youths continue to develop until they grow into adults.
Youths create multicolored sculptures by piecing used chunks of bubble gum together.
Youths demonstrate for cheaper bus and train fares Stuttgart.
Youths drink and drive at times and places that differ from older drivers.
Youths drink in different locations than adults.
Youths enter the program either by dropping into a center or through outreach by program staff.
Youths explore concepts in the lab through dissection, experimentation, and microscope usage.
Youths generally stay in the program throughout their middle school years.
Youths go on camping and take part of outdoor activities and learn survival skills.
Youths gravitate towards rock climbing as an alternative to traditional team sports.
Youths growing up in industrialized countries have a virtually unlimited future.
Youths have many options to enjoy school vacations during the summer or spring breaks.
Youths have the highest unemployment rate of any age group in the country.
Youths have very little disposable income.
Youths hurl rocks.
Youths involved in the racket are increasingly well armed.
Youths keep journals for each project.
Youths learn early the importance of voting in a democracy.
Youths learn how to behave from their families and from society.
Youths learn interviewing skills, work ethic and vocational skills.
Youths learn practical skills and knowledge through hands-on experiences.
Youths learn skills and participate in special events.
Youths loitering after school or hanging out on corners provide a breeding ground for gangs.
Youths love to skate in the park's popular in-line skate park.
Youths make more mistakes than adults.
Youths organize against crime measure.
Youths provide a compelling reason to think differently about behavior.
Youths receive medical, optical, dental and emergency services as needed.
Youths receive no special counseling, nutrition or classes.
Youths receive tutoring according to individual needs, and participate in community service.
Youths remaining in foster care receive assistance to make a successful transition into adulthood.
Youths riding in the back of trucks can fall out and be run over by the truck or trailing equipment.
Youths rotate in small groups to get the most individual attention.
Youths Say No.
Youths score a touchdown during local game.
Youths see a true picture of the realities and consequences of delinquent behavior.
Youths see others smoking and they are encouraged to smoke.
Youths seem to have an openness to spiritual answers much greater than even a decade ago.
Youths sell cards that entitle the bearer to a year off from giving to fundraisers.
Youths Take a Stand for Peace.
Youths take the positions of jurors, baliff, prosecutor, defense attorney and jury foreperson.
Youths talk to peers about sexual orientation to promote tolerance and avoid prejudice.
Youths throw flowers at the motorcade.
Youths use math every day without thinking about it.
Youth always finds a way to rebel against authority.
Youths frequently come to school high, get high in school, and obtain marijuana at school.
Youth often cite peer pressure as the main reason they began to use.
Youth often have less to lose.
Youth often have minimal direct contact with their case manager.
Youth often have very responsible positions within their organizations.
Youth often runs wild and riotous, and requires a tight hand to keep it within bounds.
Youth often spend weeks in the dank facility awaiting hearings.
Youth often start by stealing food or clothing.
Youth sometimes get a bad rap for being self-centered or for their lack of commitment.
Youth sometimes mess up.
Youths sometimes regard older people as cranky and out of touch with the real world.
Youths usually stay with several host families in the country they have chosen to visit.
All youth accounts earn competitive dividends.
All youth are able to attend Weekend Retreat throughout the year.
All youth are eligible for special project awards based on their work in their project areas.
All youth are eligible.
All youth are important and have many talents.
All youth are ultimately responsible for entering the correct class.
All youth are unique.
All youth are welcome to come hang out.
All youth are welcome to join in on games, open conversations and other activities.
All youth are welcome.
All youth benefit from opportunities and involvement.
All youth experience some degree of risk as they progress from childhood to adult life.
All youth experience some degree of risk as they progress from childhood to adulthood.
All youth face the same temptations in one form or another.
All youth have the opportunity to connect to the community with community service.
All youth have the right to receive up to three meals a day.
All youth is custom order only.
All youth learn best by doing.
All youth receive fundamental training in trail construction and fire prevention.
All youth receive medals.
All youth receive room and board, crisis counseling, and clothing assistance.
All youth work experiences and internships incorporate staff support for the participants.
All youths are welcome to attend and to bring friends.
All youths become members of an esteem-building leadership association that they run.
Any youth are welcome to come.
Any youth can go.
Any youth is eligible to play CYM sports.
Any youth is welcome to attend.
Every youth deserves the chance to succeed regardless of race, sex, religion or economic status.
Every youth has a plan in which they help create to achieve their goals.
Every youth is required to bring an adult to the first class and to range day.
Every youth needs a cause to fight for, a chance to appear noble in other's eyes.
Every youth placed on parole begins the program on intensive surveillance.
Every youth receives on free T-shirt for registering.
Many youth also volunteer to serve as acolytes.
Many youth are incredibly shocked by the violence.
Many youth are more than willing to help prepare upcoming campfire programs or marshmallow roasts.
Many youth begin their period of community supervision in an alternate care facility.
Many youth believe that all the other kids are doing it.
Many youth believe that infected persons reveal outward evidence of their condition.
Many youth consider it a matter of life and death.
Many youth desire to explore their growing faith.
Many youth enjoy living on the edge and participating in dangerous activities.
Many youth enroll in multiple project areas.
Many youth face barriers to becoming socially engaged.
Many youth fear death threats but feel incapable of breaking out of the vice.
Many youth feel forced to join a gang for protection from other gangs, especially in the inner city.
Many youth feel they start to smoke to rebel against their parents.
Many youth fight the temptation to steal answers in junior high and high school.
Many youth find it difficult to cope with the increasing demands and responsibilities they face.
Many youth find it easier to participate if they have an adviser for consultation.
Many youth find summer employment on farms.
Many youth have a constellation of risk factors, some of which arise in the home.
Many youth have older siblings who are gang members.
Many youth have parents who both work.
Many youth join gangs to make fast money.
Many youth lack positive adult role models and caring school climates.
Many youth lack the skills necessary to be successful when they begin jobs.
Many youth look for adventure and look at the army as a way to get it.
Many youth never face the gambling problem.
Many youth now clamor to attend the program over and over.
Many youth pass through our area on their way to a larger city.
Many youth simply jump from experience to experience without direction.
Many youth then continue to volunteer their skills and time throughout the year.
Many youth work for activities and prizes that they never receive.
Many youths also excel in sports and in academics.
Many youths have difficulties at home or at school that is the impetus to run away from home.
Many youths have e-mail addresses that offer ready anonymity.
Many youths receive checks for time spent playing basketball.
Many youths then face situations involving divided loyalties.
Many youths underreport deviant behavior, such as substance abuse.
Most youth agree that education is important.
Most youth are criminals.
Most youth are sure of their sexual orientation by the time they finish eight grade.
Most youth are sure of their sexual orientation by the time they finish the eight grade.
Most youth begin to drink in adolescence.
Most youth come from single-parent homes or homes with a stepparent.
Most youth have very few safe places to go to talk over their concerns about sexual orientation.
Most youth let all of the earnings go to the victim so that they work off the restitution sooner.
Most youth prefer to learn new activities as part of a group.
Most youth remain in the program three to five years, some as long as eight.
Most youth start out by volunteering for summer library programming.
Most youths are reluctant to discuss it with their parents.
Most youths are repeat offenders.
Most youths can learn from their problems.
Most youths remain away from home between one month and one year.
Most youths think themselves indestructible.
Some youth are also eligible for work in surrounding communities.
Some youth are extremely competent at exercising resistance and taking a political stance.
Some youth are more at risk than others and are integrated into the appropriate crews.
Some youth are pessimistic about the future.
Some youth attend the group because their parents require it.
Some youth believe that are entitled to get what they want when they want.
Some youth believe they have failed in their Christian lives.
Some youth come only three to four times a year, but they're still part of the group.
Some youth describe feeling crazy, possessed and very suicidal.
Some youth drink more often and more heavily than others.
Some youth have deep hurts but are afraid to open up.
Some youth have interested and informed parents.
Some youth have more intensive needs.
Some youth persistently cling to negative goals especially if confronted directly.
Some youth report bringing weapons, including guns, onto school property.
Some youth say it's because their parents are still drinking.
Some youth simply enjoy church life.
Some youth undertake more serious transgressions.
Some youth work in lieu of payment of a fine or forfeiture.
Some youth work on beautification projects or participate in academic enrichment programs.
Some youth work on Kosovo peacekeeping bases across the region.
Some youths fail to honor debts to their parents.
Some youths get the idea for self-cutting by knowing others who have done it.
Some youths listen to music or the international news in their battery-powered radios.
Some youths wear baseball caps, jauntily reversed.
Youthbuild participants receive both classroom instruction and on-site training.
Youthful accomplishment is by no means limited to athletics.
Youthful angst is always painful.
Youthful appearance is also a benefit of healthy work out.
Youthful appearance is in vogue and many patients want to look younger.
Youthful arteries expand and contract effortlessly with each heart beat.
Youthful aspects are like childhood diseases.
Youthful beauty is designed to recruit lovers.
Youthful cows can be difficult to identify on a live weight basis.
Youthful creativity can go astray.
Youthful divers initiate various exciting rotations.
Youthful enthusiasm is a powerful and authentic form of evangelism.
Youthful enthusiasm is the most powerful and authentic form of evangelism.
Youthful exuberance abounds, plus, of course, a fair share of wackos.
Youthful happiness is a rich blue moroccan vest.
Youthful idealism is a great thing, and never to be regretted.
Youthful immaturity is entertaining except when found in someone older.
Youthful indiscretions harden into bad habits.
Youthful injuries return with a vengeance.
Youthful notions blow away under the constant howl of white noise and intimidation.
All youthful offenders go to a juvenile facility.
Youthful optimism wins the day, despite the creaky plot cliches.
Youthful palate has firm tannins.
Youthful participants gain valuable work skills and career-enhancing experience.
Youthful rebellion is no new phenomenon.
Youthful rebellion takes many forms.
Youthful reds become almost impossibly exuberant.
More youthful skin is revealed after healing is complete.
Youthful zeal wears off rather quickly, just as the crucible of purgation beings quickly.
Yo-yo isa plaything.
Yo-yo isa toy.
Yo-yos have (part) sections.
YPG training is good for three years.
YS is a private cattle property and leading racehorse studfarm.
YSPN clients are typically adolescents at risk of being arrested by police on their beats.
Ytterbium tends to be more reactive than other lanthanide elements.
Yttrium compounds are used as a catalyst for ethylene polymerization .
Yttrium fluoride is insoluble, therefore making it suitable for humid conditions when applied hot.
Yttrium metal is ductile and silvery.
Yttrium oxide is an important starting point for inorganic compounds.
Yttrium oxide is available for special project synthesis of metal oxide superconducting compounds.
Yttrium oxide is one of the most important compounds of yttrium and accounts for the largest use.
Yttrium oxide is the most important compound of yttrium.
Yttrium oxide is used with europium in phosphors for the brilliant red colour in television tubes.
Yttrium oxides have high melting points and impart shock resistance and low expansion to glass.
A yttrium is metal
Yttrium also dissolves oxygen gas in relatively high concentrations.
Yttrium can occur as a by-product of nuclear fission.
Yttrium currently has no biological role, and it can be highly toxic to humans and other animals.
Yttrium has a bright, silvery surface, like most other metals.
Yttrium has a silver-metallic luster and is relatively stable in air.
Yttrium has a silvery-metallic lustre.
Yttrium has the highest affinity for oxygen of any element.
Yttrium has the highest thermodynamic affinity for oxygen of any element.
Yttrium is a fairly common rare earth element and serves an extremely broad range of functions.
Yttrium is a highly crystalline iron-gray metal.
Yttrium is a moderately abundant element in the Earth's crust.
Yttrium is a rare earth metal and rare earth metals are finding more and more industrial uses.
Yttrium is a shiny metal with a very low light transmission.
Yttrium is a silvery rare earth metal.
Yttrium is a silvery, ductile metal.
Yttrium is a soft, silvery metal.
Yttrium is also available in soluble forms including yttrium chloride , nitrate and acetate .
Yttrium is difficult to separate from other rare earth elements.
Yttrium is fairly stable in air but oxidizes readily when heated.
Yttrium is found in most rare earth minerals and some uranium ores.
Yttrium is found in most rare-earth minerals.
Yttrium is the first rare earth element discovered.
Yttrium is used as a catalyst in ethylene polymerization.
Yttrium is used as a deoxidizer for vanadium and other nonferrous metals.
Yttrium is used as a red phosphor in television screens.
Yttrium is used for red phosphorus in color TV's.
Yttrium is used in red phosphors in televisions.
Yttrium never occurs in nature as a free element.
Yttrium occurs in most rare earth minerals.
Yttrium occurs in nearly all of the rare-earth minerals.
Yttrium occurs in nearly all rare-earth minerals.
Yttrium reacts with water to form yttrium hydroxide plus hydrogen gas .
Yttriums are chemical elements.
Yttriums are metallic elements.
Yttriums are transition metal.
A yuan is an unit
Yuan is just beautiful Chinese instrumental artistry.
Yuan is no stranger to obstacles, however.
Yuan thinks hard.
Yuan zi wan dou.
Yuans are dynasties.
Yuca root grows mostly in Latin America, though it is now cultivated in Africa and the far east.
Yucatecan cooks are adept at blending herbs and spices into a range of sauces and sassy marinades.
Yucatecan cooking is a delicious combination of Mayan and European ingredients.
A yucca is a bush
Yucca stem longitudinal section showing secondary wall structure of xylem elements.
Yuccas abide alongside hibiscus, and majesty palms grow amongst periwinkles and begonias.
Yuccas also offer accommodations for wildlife.
Yuccas are native to North America and the West Indies and generally grow in arid areas.
Yuccas are shrubs.
Yuccas are succulents.
Yuccas grow most abundantly in the southern and southwestern parts of the United States.
Yuccas have a hard outer layer that allows thin walled construction.
Yuccas have extensive taproots which can reach water beyond the ability of other plants.
Yuccas make great houseplants when young.
Yuccas serve as decorative plants in gardens throughout the United States.
Yuccas thrive in the western Vizcaino Desert.
Most yuccas also have dangerous points at the ends of the leaves.
Yucky claims are like unsubstantiated bullet points - they have no substance.
Yugoslav army invades Croatia and Slovenia.
Yugoslav authorities insist that the men where captured over the border in Serbia.
Yugoslav authorities warn of risk of new warfare.
Yugoslav critics discuss Iranian movies in Belgrade.
Yugoslav culture possesses a particularily active oral culture with a well-developed grapevine.
Yugoslav Events Click on the appropiate heading or just scroll down to browse.
Yugoslav experts preview the Bosnian elections.
Yugoslav forces clash with Albanian separatists in Kosovo.
Yugoslav forces mount a cross-border attack on a village in north Albania.
Yugoslav forces mount a cross-border attack on a village in northern Albania.
Yugoslav forces move close to zone, put on alert.
Yugoslav government agrees to join peace talks.
Yugoslav officials deny any role in the increasingly tense situation.
Yugoslav officials say it struck a hospital, killing four people.
Yugoslav opposition gets a nod from the Serbian church.
Yugoslav scientists plead.
YUK days happen to everyone at some point.
YUK days happen to everyone.
Yuki stones have clear grains which run straight across the top.
Yukon isa thing.
Yuma officers prefer guns Firearms are supposed to be a police officer's weapon of last resort.
Yuma residents enjoy a wide variety of recreational activities throughout the year.
Yuma visitors appreciate the clean air that allows a view of mountains in nearly every direction.
Yuma has (part) arms.
Yuma has (part) body substances.
Yuma has (part) cell membranes.
Yuma has (part) cells.
Yuma has (part) corpi.
Yuma has (part) cytoplasm.
Yuma has (part) heads.
Yuma has (part) human bodies.
Yuma has (part) legs.
Yuma has (part) material bodies.
Yuma has (part) necks.
Yuma has (part) nuclei.
Yuma has (part) personality.
Yuma has (part) plasma membranes.
Yuma has (part) sections.
Yuma has (part) vacuoles.
Yuma isa Indian.
Yummy chili is a favorite dish.
Yummy recipes are available.
Yunnan is part of Asia.
Yunnan isa thing.
A yuppie is a professional
Yuppies abandon lifestyles for voluntary work abroad.
Yuppies act as if they deserve gold medals for breeding . . .
Yuppies are professionals.
Yuppies are still hypocritical hippies.
Yuppies can be murderers and vice versa.
Yuppies get together for the burial of a friend and marvel at how they've all changed.
Yuppies have children the same way they have cars, the smart way.
Yuppies karaoke the night away unless there's a band playing.
Yuppies know how to eat.
Yuppies suck worse than regular people.
Yuppies use color in their environment in the status above their current position.
Yur hart is beatin' wildly, az ya anticipate the race.
A yurt is a home
Yurts also provide better intruder protection, against both humans and animals.
Yurts are a great group accommodation for the active traveler.
Yurts are a great way to experience remote backcountry skiing without winter camping.
Yurts are also flexible, with numerous possible uses from homes to studios and guest spaces.
Yurts are circular domed tents with wood floors and structural support.
Yurts are circular structures that originated long ago with the Mongolian culture.
Yurts are circular tents, made of wood and canvas, of ancient Mongolian design.
Yurts are dome-shaped canvas structures which have an internal frame supported by a steel cable.
Yurts are dwellings.
Yurts are hard to break into because of the trellis wall.
Yurts are inherently different than other forms of shelter.
Yurts are like round tents with wooden floors and heat.
Yurts are portable wood-framed tents that are still home to many nomads on the Central Asian steppe.
Yurts are probably more difficult to keep cool than they are to keep warm.
Yurts are reservable year-round, up to one year in advance.
Yurts are semi-rustic, they have propane stoves and lights, gorgeous views, and outhouses nearby.
Yurts are the key portable dwelling in Central Eurasia.
Yurts are the portable homes and a national symbol of the Kyrgyz people.
Yurts are used successfully in many cold climate applications from Maine to Minnesota and Alaska.
Yurts are used to house migrant workers in Napa Valley, California.
Yurts have many advantages, both tangible and intangible.
Yurts have wooden doors and an expandable wooden lattice wall that supports the roof.
Yurts offer the mobility of a tent with more stability, more insulation, and more room.
Yurts seem especially suited to certain pursuits.
Yurts still provide seasonal housing for shepherds and their families.
All yurts are reservable by phone.
Yuzu fruit comes from Japan and for centuries has been Japan's favorite citrus.
Z axes point along thumb, first and second fingers of right hand, respectively.
Z bands are intact.
Z bosons are their own antiparticle .
Z cars are a wonderful thing.
Z ion provides a wonderful diversity of landscape and ecosystems.
Z points activate the adrenal gland so that the gland itself produces cortisone for the body.
Z r are the vectors forming the right-hand dyad.
Z scale is the smallest size.
Z scores are especially informative when the distribution to which they refer, is normal.
Z scores are very important position measures.
Z scores can be negative.
Z scores can be positive or negative.
Z scores tell how many standard deviations away from the mean a score resides.
Z scores transform the distributions in question to the same standard scores.
Z team have a meeting as animating work.
Z time is always the same worldwide.
Z values are difficult to interpolate and compress.
Z values are expensive to store and transmit.
A z is a letter
Z acts like it is printing, but the print queu never shows a document.
Z are examples.
Z axis the axis that specifies depth in the coordinate system.
Z containing all components is required.
Z denotes the standard normal distribution.
Z isa happening.
Z isa occurrence.
Z looks almost normal.
Z moves the specimen perpendicular to the plane of the screen.
Z stands for atomic number, the number of protons in a nucleus.
Z turns to the guitarist and stops the set.
Zs are letters.
Zs are part of alphabets.
Zs are video games.
A zabaglione is dessert
Zabaglione is mostly egg yolk, so it contains a fair amount of saturated fat and cholesterol.
Zadoc soils have an accumulation of iron oxides in the solum.
Zag isa shape.
Zagat guides are a compilation of information from hundreds of respondants on local restaurants.
Zagat maps are available for five cities.
Zaid crops require warm dry weather for major growth period and longer day length for flowering.
A zaire is an unit
Zaire becomes the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Zaire calls a road.
Zaire celebrates the anniversary of the country's name change today.
Zaire clearly falls into the latter category.
Zaire faces that challenge now.
Zaire forms the geographic heart of Africa.
Zaire has no such college program.
Zaire is a beautiful country.
Zaire is a large country that is extremely rich in mineral resources.
Zaire is a large country.
Zaire is a nation abundant in natural resources and strapped for athletic equipment.
Zaire is a particularly glaring example.
Zaire is a primary source.
Zaire is a sovereign country.
Zaire is Africa's third largest country.
Zaire is as large as all the Western European countries put together.
Zaire is one of our most important and negative legacies of the Cold War in Africa.
Zaire is potentially one of the wealthiest countries in Africa.
Zaire is the only country split into two time zones.
Zaire is the world leader in cobalt mining, producing two-thirds of the world's cobalt supply.
Zaire is the world leader in cobalt mining, producing two-thirds of the world's cobalt.
Zaire is very important for the African continent.
Zaire normally has wet and dry seasons.
Zaire persecutes political dissidents.
Zakah liability is applicable to each man and woman separately.
Zakat payment is due.
A zakat is charity
Zakat is obligatory when a certain amount of money, called the nisab is reached or exceeded.
Zakat is payable only on shares bought with one's own money.
Zakat is payable, at different rates, on crops, harvests, herds, gold and silver, and merchandise.
Zakat is payable.
Zakats are charity.
A zalcitabine is an antiviral drug
Zalcitabine is eliminated principally in urine.
Zalcitabine is used in combination with other antiretroviral agents.
Zalcitabine is well absorbed following oral administration.
Zambia is part of Africa.
Zambia isa thing.
Most Zambian children attend elementary school.
All Zambian citizens have the right to take part in peaceful politics.
Zambian currency is pretty much useless everywhere but in Zambia.
Zambian farmers are powerless to influence the price and are simply price-takers.
Zambian football is on a road to nowhere, and nobody seems able to halt the slide.
Zambian judges order man to work harder in bed.
Zambian Languages Check out the many languages spoken in the country.
Zambian law says lawmakers who lose their party's support also lose their seats.
Zambian officials are understandably worried about ethnic tensions in the country.
Zambian police have a record of brutalising suspects and state witnesses.
Zambian youth learn about adolescent health on Internet.
Zamboni advertising accounts for thousand of dollars of revenue for professional hockey clubs.
Zamboni drivers welcome.
A zamia is a cycad
Zamia is diecious since male and female cones are borne on separate plants.
Zamia is pollinated by a beetle.
Zamia vazquezii .
Zanesville soils have a fragipan and are on similar landscape positions.
Zanesville soils have a lithic contact in the series control section.
Zante currants See currant .
Zany characters greet visitors on the streets.
Zany characters propel the story.
A zany is a fool
Zanies are clowns.
Zanies offers a pretty selective menu.
More zany episodes with the children who inhabit the world's wackiest elementary school.
ZAP decompression is a default component of the current version.
ZAP events are for adults only.
Zapatista documents make no reference to marxist-leninist forms of organization.
Zapatista rebels reject Mexico's new Indian rights bill as too weak.
Zapotec chief adds, unless the gods of eco-wisdom subdue.
A zapper is an electrical device
Zapper appears, with the text in the search window.
Zapper helps surfers locate the information they want from the ocean of data found on the Internet.
Zapper is a quality operation.
Zapper is another tool that has proved to have a range of technical abilities and purposes.
Zapper offers a number of other cool features.
Zapper s first.
Zappers are electrical devices.
Some Zappers utilize a lower frequency.
A zarf is a holder
Zarf says go get it.
Many Zarirean girls stick around.
Zastava workers insist that weapons production was limited to pistols and hunting rifles.
Zatso artwork graces the walls throughout the office.
Zeagle masks are simple and durable in design.
A zeal is eagerness
Zeal collects information in several ways from different parts of our website.
Zeal demands vision.
Zeal describes the extent to which a hacker believes in and supports free software.
Zeal implies an enthusiasm and eagerness that are powered by love.
Zeal insists that it is always right.
Zeal is a very exclusive place, which has been around for a long time.
Zeal is an interactive web directory that lets people come together and share their knowledge.
Zeal is challenged by dips into overfamiliarity and mundaness.
Zeal is contagious and inspiring.
Zeal is dedication or enthusiasm for something.
Zeal is fire in the belly.
Zeal is important.
Zeal is interesting.
Zeal is more important than technique.
Zeal is the impulse to go forward, the urge behind all things.
Zeal is to be balanced by responsibility.
Zeal isa enthusiasm.
A zealot is an advocate
Zealot is a Jewish word.
Zealots are humorless.
Zealots are often addicted to the adrenaline high that their actions promote and enjoy violence.
Zealots are one necessary counter-actant to simplistic thinking.
Zealots are political parties.
Zealots bizarrely think of balance as a point of weakness.
Zealots do change their stripes, usually frequently.
Zealots do know, because they are continually working the system to improve bottom-line results.
Zealots emerge claiming one truth and one theology.
Zealots glorify their movement, leaders and ideology beyond all reality.
Zealots have no doubts and regard anyone with questions as a serious opponent.
Zealots have their aggressive attacking patterns.
Zealots look bad.
Zealots see themselves as the only true believers with everyone else being insipid invertebrates.
Zealots seek to achieve sexual equity by eliminating sex almost entirely.
Most zealots have more than their share of lunacy.
Some zealots are dangerously banal.
A zealotry is intolerance
Zealotry is as zealotry does, whether from the left wing or the right wing.
Zealous effort is required to gain knowledge in any field of endeavour.
Zealous hands defend the bridge.
Zealous participation can offset low scores in other areas.
Zebra angelfish have a black body with narrow stripes like that of a zebra.
Zebra books is publisher.
Zebra finches have diets.
Zebra finches mate for life.
Zebra finches share environments.
Most zebra finches have diets.
Zebra fish are a geneticist's dream because practically any genetic defect can be studied.
Zebra fish are perfect laboratory specimens since they and their eggs are completely transparent.
A zebra mussel is a freshwater clam
Zebra mussels are freshwater mussels.
Zebra mussels cluster in huge colonies, being anchored themselves to any hard surface.
Zebra mussels invade Lake Erie muds.
Most zebra mussels are thumbnail size, but some grow up to two inches long.
Some zebra mussels cause damage.
Some zebra mussels cause ecological damage.
Some zebra mussels have certain environmental requirements.
Some zebra mussels have certain requirements.
Some zebra mussels have environmental requirements.
Some zebra mussels have requirements.
Zebra plant has a winter rest period.
Some zebra spiders reach adulthood.
Some zebra stripes serve purposes.
A zebra is an equid
Zebra are horselike ungulates built for speed and endurance.
Zebra contains indexed links to .
Zebra finches gray, fawn, black cheek, black face, black breasted.
Zebra has the ability to use several different map projections for horizontal plots.
Zebra is a template and reporting language.
Zebra is available in both source and binary form.
Zebra is disgusting , wildebeest makes good biltong and a young one excellent steaks.
Zebra is incorporated in Delaware.
Zebra is purple and white striped with a green calyx.
Zebra is unique in design in that it has a process for each protocol.
Zebra isa ungulate.
Zebra manufactures high-end printers that retail for thousands of dollars.
Zebra provides superior technical support and documentation.
Zebra skins, lion skin rug mounts, decorated ostrich eggs, game skin rugs and mats.
Zebras absorb nutrients.
Zebras adapt to circumstances.
Zebras adapt to environments.
Zebras adapt to habitats.
Zebras align themselves in stripes.
Zebras are a common grazer of the African savanna.
Zebras are a type of ungulate.
Zebras are African equine species known for their white fur with black or dark brown stripes.
Zebras are also very protective of their nests.
Zebras are animals.
Zebras are avid grazers.
Zebras are beautiful.
Zebras are black with white stripes.
Zebras are born with functioning senses and motor skills.
Zebras are colony birds.
Zebras are companies.
Zebras are equids, members of the horse family.
Zebras are equines.
Zebras are exceptionally social and can be found in groupings from two to several hundreds.
Zebras are found in the more arid portions of eastern and southern Africa.
Zebras are gregarious under conditions of abundant food or around water holes.
Zebras are herbivores, or plant eaters.
Zebras are herbivores.
Zebras are herbivorous and primarily eat a variety of grasses.
Zebras are herbivorous animals with a diet comprised of thick grass and tough grass stems.
Zebras are herbivorous, meaning they only eat vegetation.
Zebras are herd animals because working together confuses their predators.
Zebras are highly sociable animals that roam the savanna in herds for protection from predators.
Zebras are horses , and live in Africa .
Zebras are horses, and live in Africa.
Zebras are horses.
Zebras are in the horse family.
Zebras are just smelly.
Zebras are known for having many black and white stripes .
Zebras are known to travel great distances to find food and water when the dry season arrives.
Zebras are located in zoos.
Zebras are mammals.
Zebras are members of the horse family.
Zebras are most active in the early morning and late afternoon.
Zebras are one of the few species where males actually fight for mates.
Zebras are prey animals just like horses are, and they both mostly eat plants and grasses.
Zebras are programming language.
Zebras are similar to the horses and burros in reproduction.
Zebras are single-hoofed animals that are native to Africa.
Zebras are so exotic and lovely.
Zebras are social animals that spend time in herds.
Zebras are social animals, living in herds.
Zebras are special.
Zebras are strictly African animals.
Zebras are the favorite.
Zebras are very hardy birds.
Zebras are very shy and hard to take a photo of.
Zebras are very social animals and live in large, stable family groups which are led by females.
Zebras are white or beige with dark stripes.
Zebras belong to the mammal order.
Zebras breathe the same way that all mammals do.
Zebras can be savage fighters.
Zebras clean their bodies by rolling in mud or dust.
Zebras communicate with facial expressions and sounds.
Zebras communicate with one another with facial expressions and sounds.
Zebras consume fibrous food.
Zebras consume food.
Zebras defend using a behavioural adaptation.
Zebras depend on speed and stamina to avoid predators such as lions.
Zebras drink water.
Zebras eat all grass and berries.
Zebras eat grass in the wild and grass and hay at the zoo.
Zebras eat grass.
Zebras eat leaves.
Zebras eat mostly grass.
Zebras eat plants.
Zebras eat tall grass.
Zebras face an uncertain future in the wild.
Zebras feature grind teeth.
Zebras feature teeth.
Zebras feed on a variety of grasses.
Zebras feed on shoots.
Zebras graze in grass.
Zebras graze in grassland.
Zebras graze on grass.
Zebras graze on shoots.
Zebras graze on tough grass.
Zebras has-part eyes.
Zebras has-part necks.
Zebras has-part skin.
Zebras have (part) brains.
Zebras have (part) breasts.
Zebras have (part) cannon bones.
Zebras have (part) cell membranes.
Zebras have (part) cells.
Zebras have (part) chest cavities.
Zebras have (part) chests.
Zebras have (part) corpi.
Zebras have (part) cytoplasm.
Zebras have (part) ears.
Zebras have (part) faces.
Zebras have (part) heads.
Zebras have (part) hip sockets.
Zebras have (part) hoofs.
Zebras have (part) nuclei.
Zebras have (part) piluses.
Zebras have (part) plasma membranes.
Zebras have (part) rib cages.
Zebras have (part) sections.
Zebras have (part) skulls.
Zebras have (part) sterna.
Zebras have (part) vacuoles.
Zebras have a closed circulatory system.
Zebras have a hierarchical society, as do many animal groups.
Zebras have a subclinical infection.
Zebras have areas.
Zebras have black and white stripes all over their bodies except their stomachs, which are white.
Zebras have black and white stripes.
Zebras have black skin.
Zebras have broad stripes.
Zebras have brown stripes.
Zebras have ears.
Zebras have excellent eyesight and can recognize each other visually.
Zebras have excellent eyesight and hearing.
Zebras have eyes.
Zebras have eyesights.
Zebras have faint stripes.
Zebras have flexible ears.
Zebras have foreheads.
Zebras have good eyesights.
Zebras have habits.
Zebras have hoofed feet.
Zebras have incisors.
Zebras have long necks to reach the ground.
Zebras have lots of predators - sheephead and many more and they still increase in numbers.
Zebras have manes of short hair that stick straight up from their necks.
Zebras have molars.
Zebras have noses.
Zebras have only a single finger on each hand.
Zebras have only one toe.
Zebras have own home areas.
Zebras have senses.
Zebras have several ways they communicate with one another.
Zebras have skin.
Zebras have social habits.
Zebras have stress, then forget about it.
Zebras have stripes.
Zebras have thin stripes.
Zebras have vertical stripes.
Zebras inhabit mountain ranges.
Zebras inhabit ranges.
Zebras inhabit savanna.
Zebras like to help groom each other.
Zebras like to live in long lasting family herds and a stallion controls each family.
Zebras like to spend the night in a nest.
Zebras live in Africa.
Zebras live in environments.
Zebras live in families with one male and lots of females .
Zebras live in families with one male and lots of females.
Zebras live in grassland.
Zebras live in groups.
Zebras live in herds, sometimes.
Zebras live in herds.
Zebras live in large herds in a grassland habitat.
Zebras live in savanna.
Zebras live in small family groups consisting of a stallion and several mares with their foals.
Zebras live in small herds that are led by a male called the stallion.
Zebras live in the wild and are attacked by predators which leave scars.
Zebras live naturally in Africa , south of the Sahara desert .
Zebras live naturally in Africa, south of the Sahara desert.
Zebras live throughout eastern and southern Africa.
Zebras live to be twenty to thirty years of age in captivity.
Zebras make a neighing call.
Zebras move into areas.
Zebras never stray far from water.
Zebras occur in southwestern Africa.
Zebras open mouths.
Zebras possess bands.
Zebras possess enemies.
Zebras prefer a nest that is enclosed with only a hole for an opening.
Zebras produce numerous sounds and vocalisations, when alarmed, they produce deep hoarse grunts.
Zebras protect themselves from predators by keeping together in the herd.
Zebras reach ages.
Zebras rear and bite at the neck, tear at knees, or thrust hindlegs at faces and chests.
Zebras reproduce slowly, a single foal being born to the females once per year.
Zebras require care.
Zebras require water.
Zebras run from side to side to being chased by a predator.
Zebras share similarity.
Zebras stand up while sleeping.
Zebras swallow food.
Zebras swallow their food just once.
Zebras tend to get shelter from under a tree if they want shade.
Zebras use hooves and teeth in defence.
Zebras use hooves and teeth in defense Wildlife Gallery Photos of zebras.
Zebras use hooves and teeth in defense.
Zebras use voices.
All zebras are dark-skinned animals.
All zebras are native to Africa.
All zebras are rotifers.
All zebras consume fibrous foods.
All zebras have different stripes.
All zebras have stripes.
All zebras have very short fur because they live in hot areas .
All zebras have very short fur because they live in hot areas.
All zebras live in small family groups consisting of the male, several females and their children.
Every zebra has a slightly different pattern of stripes.
Every zebra has a unique pattern of black and white stripes.
Every zebra has unique stripe patterns by which it is recognized by the others.
Many zebras are in danger of extinction.
Many zebras die in captivity because they break their necks running into walls or fences.
Most zebras absorb nutrients.
Most zebras adapt to circumstances.
Most zebras adapt to environments.
Most zebras adapt to habitats.
Most zebras are considered nomadic, without specific territories.
Most Zebras are very good parents.
Most zebras consume fibrous food.
Most zebras consume food.
Most zebras eat grass.
Most zebras eat leaves.
Most zebras eat plants.
Most zebras eat tall grass.
Most zebras have areas.
Most zebras have black skin.
Most zebras have broad stripes.
Most zebras have brown stripes.
Most zebras have ears.
Most zebras have eyes.
Most zebras have eyesights.
Most zebras have faint stripes.
Most zebras have foreheads.
Most zebras have good eyesights.
Most zebras have habits.
Most zebras have incisors.
Most zebras have molars.
Most zebras have senses.
Most zebras have skin.
Most zebras have social habits.
Most zebras have stripes.
Most zebras have thin stripes.
Most zebras have vertical stripes.
Most zebras live in Africa.
Most zebras live in environments.
Most zebras live in grassland.
Most zebras live in groups.
Most zebras live in savanna.
Most zebras require water.
Some zebras also eat leaves and twigs.
Some zebras are now extinct.
Some zebras compete with domestic livestock.
Some zebras compete with livestock.
Some zebras eat lions.
Some zebras eat twigs.
Some zebras escape from zoos.
Some zebras has-part ligaments.
Some zebras have adults.
Some zebras have conservation status.
Some zebras have spots.
Some zebras have status.
Some zebras have tails.
Some zebras have thicker stripes than others and some have bolder stripes.
Some zebras have variation.
Some zebras live in areas.
Some zebras live in zoos.
Some zebras live on savanna.
Some zebras occur in areas.
Some zebras occur in hilly regions.
Some zebras occur in protect areas.
Some zebras occur in regions.
Some zebras occur in variety.
Some zebras still roam the area.
Zebrafish development is an actively growing research area.
Zebrafish eggs are externally fertilized, the embryos develop rapidly and are optically transparent.
Zebrafish embryos are transparent .
Zebrafish embryos have three or four identifiable primary motoneurons per hemisegment.
Zebrafish mutations define the functions of hundreds of essential genes in the vertebrate genome.
Zebras also have a good sense of smell, good eyesight, and excellent hearing.
Zebras also like to eat the strong and tough grasses.
Zebras also occur in a crested variety.
Zebras can find a specific zebra with their stripes.
Zebras can recognize other zebras by the pattern of stripes on their bodies.
Zebras can run very fast and with endurance.
Zebras gallop, brown bears romp, river otters cavort, elephants stomp, and orangutans swing.
Zebras mainly eat grass , but they also eat fruit , leaves and some vegetables .
Zebras mainly eat grass, but they also eat fruit, leaves and some vegetables.
Zebras predominantly feed on grass, twigs, herbs, barks, buds, leaves, and shrubs.
Zebras typically feed in a zigzag manner.
Zebras often intermingle with other animals.
Zebras sometimes have special grooming friends in the herd.
Zebras usually travel in herds.
Zebras usually travel in large groups, in which they stay very close to one another.
All Zebras have different stripes.
Most zebras has-part eyes.
Most zebras has-part necks.
Most zebras has-part skin.
A zebrawood is wood
Zebrawood tends to grow near river banks.
Zebrawood tends to shrink quite a bit.
Zed isa symbol.
A zee is a letter
Zee continues to remain lackluster.
Zee purlins nominal flange standard sizes come with different actual flange widths.
Zees are Japanese tools.
Most ZEGG residents speak some English, and a few are fluent.
Zeitgeist presentations are about winning.
Zellmont soils are underlain by permian shale.
Zen koans are unanswerable questions given to students to frustrate their rational minds.
Zen meditation can greatly aid in learning how to live life more fully, confidently and happily.
Zen practice brings people to their true selves.
Zen practice is absolutely open.
Zen rigour meets with summer lightness.
Zen tradition combines spontaneity of a calm mind with very disciplined concentration.
Zen training is very demanding.
Zen truth is lost once articulated.
Many Zengid coins have astrological images.
Zentropa video Watch out for werewolves.
Zeolite modification implies an irreversible change, unlike ion exchange or adsorption.
A zeolite is a mineral
A zeolite is a water softener
Zeolites also have other hidden powers.
Zeolites are a well defined class of crystalline aluminosilicate mineral.
Zeolites are actually natural products .
Zeolites are also widely used as catalysts and sorbents.
Zeolites are alumino silicates used widely in the petrochemical industry as catalysts.
Zeolites are among the most powerful and versatile catalysts known.
Zeolites are an example.
Zeolites are available as powders or as formed products such as extrudates.
Zeolites are crystalline hydrated aluminosilicates, of the alkali and alkaline earth metals.
Zeolites are extremely useful economically.
Zeolites are important catalysts in a number of industries, including the oil industry.
Zeolites are microporous crystalline oxides with a high surface to volume ratio.
Zeolites are microporous materials that find use in catalysis and adsorption.
Zeolites are mineral-like substances composed mostly of aluminium, silicon and oxygen.
Zeolites are minerals popular with collectors and important industrially.
Zeolites are minerals.
Zeolites are model microporous materials that approximate the hydrophobic mineral spaces in soils.
Zeolites are natural volcanic minerals with an unique, complex crystalline structure.
Zeolites are non-toxic aluminosilicates and pose no disposal problems.
Zeolites are one of the custom catalysts produced at the site.
Zeolites are particularly good at imprisoning other molecules, such as benzene.
Zeolites are polar in nature.
Zeolites are porous silicate and aluminum atoms.
Zeolites are rigid crystals with a honeycomb-like network of interconnected tunnels and cages.
Zeolites are small crystals that play a big role in the chemical process industry.
Zeolites are water softeners.
Zeolites can also be acid catalysts and can be used as supports for active metals or reagents.
Zeolites commonly occur in cavities in basic igneous rocks, especially vesicular basalt.
Zeolites continue to be synthesized at a furious pace.
Zeolites display high capability to achieve selective reactions.
Zeolites give abyssal red clay deposits their color, particularly in the Pacific.
Zeolites have basically three different structural variations.
Zeolites have many useful purposes.
Zeolites have several industrial applications, especially in waste water treatment.
Zeolites help to slow movement of radionuclides from the repository to the human environment.
Zeolites interact strongly with both hard acids and bases.
Zeolites make an excellent and safe storage medium for hydrogen.
Zeolites occur naturally but are also produced industrially on a large scale.
Zeolites provide an excellent host for nanostructure formation.
Zeolites purify sludge effluents to potable standards.
Zeolites thus remove the calcium from solution.
Many zeolites have the ability to catalyze chemical reactions.
Some zeolites have one or more RUMs for each wave vector.
A zephyr is wind
Zephyrs are delightful little boats to sail.
Zeppelin fall down, go boom.
Zeppelin is the perfect medium between glossy and matte finish photo papers.
Zeppelin manufactures recreational, industrial, military foldable and rigid-hull inflatable boats.
Zeppelins are airships.
Zeppelins rule the shipping industry.
Zerma children are basically timid.
A zero is an amount
Zero isa quantity.
Zeroes appearing between nonzero digits are significant.
Zeroes are killers.
Zeroes are only sometimes significant when reported in a measurement.
Zeroes are tough to overcome.
Zeroes get their value of hundreds and thousands when placed after the numeral one.
Zeroes indicate no connection.
Zeros absolutely kill an average.
Zeros are a type of share that has a predetermined redemption date and price.
Zeros are as important as any other number.
Zeros are awfully hard to recover from.
Zeros are digits.
Zeros are extremely harmful to a class grade.
Zeros are integers.
Zeros are just overpaid morons who get credit for work that they've never done.
Zeros are numbers.
Zeros are on the diagonal and the matrix is square.
Zeros are one class of share issued by split-capital investment trusts.
Zeros are optional.
Zeros are part of kernels.
Zeros are proportional to the position of the 'corners' of the window.
Zeros are very sensitive to interest-rate swings.
Zeros fill the bit values vacated by the shift.
Zeros have two potential drawbacks.
Zeros indicate islands.
Zeros indicate lines which make up the edges of waterbodies.
Zeros indicate that no institution in the sample gave the indicated response.
Zeros indicate that there is no data for the event from the instrument in question.
Zeros reflect no learning.
Zeros sell at deep discounts from face value.
All zeroes are equal.
All zeros are the same.
All zeros is the subnetwork itself.
Zeroth order is in blue, and first orders are red and green.
Zeroxed articles are to be avoided.
Zesty flavor enhances salads, sandwiches, meat, egg and vegetable dishes.
Zeta potential represents a basic law of nature.
A zeta is a letter
Zetas are insects.
Zetas are letters.
Zetas enjoy spending time with each other.
Zetas have the same range of activities that humans do.
Zetas take part in many service projects throughout the year.
Zetas often participate in community projects.
Zeugma is an image
Zeugma write most of their songs and the themes are many and varied.
ZIF retainer is manufactured from precision cold rolled steel and has a gold zinc finish.
Zig isa shape.
A ziggurat is a temple
Ziggurats are ancient Assyrian temples.
Ziggurats are in essence mud-brick mountains or platforms for the most important temples.
Ziggurats are pyramids.
Ziggurats are temples.
Ziggurats are very high buildings.
Zigzag faults grow greatest in length and develop complex, anastomosing traces.
Zigzag patterns help ensure that samples accurately reflect overall field conditions.
A zigzag is a form
Zigzag fold it like an accordion, then close it into a little square.
Zigzag rickrack to neck edges and edges of yoke.
Zigzags are easily recognizable three waves structures against the larger trend.
Zigzags are lines.
Zigzags make awful shortcuts.
Zigzags show where there are flexible elements.
Zilactin original is a medicated gel for aphthous ulcers, herpetic lesions and other mouth sores.
A zill is a cymbal
Zills are cymbals.
Zills are finger cymbals that are used by professional dancers.
Most zills are constructed of brass, some are silver and others are a delicate mix of many metals.
Most zills are gold tone, but some styles do come in silver tone.
Zilli fish is spacious and light with submarine colours and textures.
Zillions of games are on databases.
A zillion is an amount
Zillions are animes.
Zillions has no ads and is free to online users.
Zillions is a tremendous program.
Zillions is always ready for a game.
Zillions is amazing.
Zillions is neither an anthology of shareware, nor a collection of familiar chestnuts.
Zim women take to streets over loss of rights.
Zimbabwe is part of Africa.
Zimbabwe isa thing.
Zimbabwean citizens have a constitutional right to associate with the party of their choice.
Zimbabwean culture is rich in many more distinctive cultural groups with long historical lineage.
Zimbabwean society is traditionally patriarchal.
Zimbabwean workers are among the most heavily taxed in the world.
Zimmermann hall houses one floor of males and one floor of females.
Zinc acetate is used to treat and to prevent zinc deficiencies.
Zinc alloys are used in die-castings for the car industry.
Zinc alloys are used in the production of electrical fuses.
Zinc arsenide is a gray solid .
Zinc arsenide is a gray solid.
Zinc batteries work for less time and fade away steadily.
Zinc carbonate is a source of the mineral zinc.
Zinc carbonate makes zinc oxide when heated.
Zinc chloride can serve as a flux for soldering and as a wood preservative.
Zinc chloride irritates skin and the respiratory tract.
Zinc chloride is also the major ingredient in smoke from smoke bombs.
Zinc chloride is an irritant gas which can cause severe pulmonary damage including pulmonary oedema.
Zinc chloride is chemical compounds.
Zinc chloride is crystal.
Zinc chloride is inorganic compounds.
Zinc chloride is ionic compounds.
Zinc chloride is one of the most common zinc compounds .
Zinc chloride is one of the most common zinc compounds.
Zinc chloride is the major ingredient in smoke from smoke bombs.
Zinc chloride reacts against anaerobic bacteria to reduce sulfur excretion and halitosis.
Zinc coating is a bright silver or gold finish on the crate.
Most zinc coatings are solvent-borne.
Zinc compounds are numerous and are widely used.
Zinc compounds can be corrosive in the stomach .
Zinc compounds can be corrosive in the stomach.
Zinc compounds can move into the groundwater and into lakes, streams, and rivers.
Zinc compounds occur naturally in the air, soil, and water, and are present in all foods.
A zinc deficiency is a deficiency disease
Zinc deficiencies affect functions.
Zinc deficiencies affect health.
Zinc deficiencies are a problem in pecans in most of the state.
Zinc deficiencies are common in Western states and result most often in decreased stem length.
Zinc deficiencies are deficiency diseases.
Zinc deficiencies are uncommon in Willamette Valley soils.
Zinc deficiencies can reduce semen volume and testosterone levels.
Zinc deficiencies cause production.
Zinc deficiencies cause reductions.
Zinc deficiencies look like iron deficiencies but the leaves are much smaller than normal.
Zinc deficiencies occur on several types of palm trees.
Zinc deficiency appears to cause a generalized increase in the chronic toxic effects of cadmium.
Zinc deficiency can aggravate the effects of vitamin E deficiency.
Zinc deficiency can also affect fruit shape.
Zinc deficiency can also impair the body s ability to fight infection.
Zinc deficiency can also occur.
Zinc deficiency can be present in addition to iron chlorosis.
Zinc deficiency can cause a whole range of consequences.
Zinc deficiency can cause delayed growth and sexual maturity, and prolonged healing of wounds.
Zinc deficiency can cause low testosterone levels.
Zinc deficiency can cause misshapen nails.
Zinc deficiency can impair immunity.
Zinc deficiency can interfere with a plant's ability to reproduce.
Zinc deficiency can reduce appetite, and so can some wasting diseases, such as cancer.
Zinc deficiency can result in hypogonadal dwarfism in which there is arrested growth.
Zinc deficiency can show up with white or striped leaves.
Zinc deficiency causes a host of problems but is unusual on an American diet.
Zinc deficiency causes leaf chlorosis and can easily be overcome by the use of zinc sulphate.
Zinc deficiency causes skin rash, loss of appetite, loss of taste and impaired immunity.
Zinc deficiency develops in some patients with cirrhosis because the ability to retain zinc is lost.
Zinc deficiency has a severe impact on human health.
Zinc deficiency is a well-known complication of Crohn's disease.
Zinc deficiency is also a very rare isolated nutritional finding.
Zinc deficiency is associated with defective cellular immunity.
Zinc deficiency is associated with high soil pH and high available phosphorus levels.
Zinc deficiency is called rosette.
Zinc deficiency is characterized by decreased testosterone levels and sperm counts.
Zinc deficiency is common due to depletion of our soil and losses associated with food processing.
Zinc deficiency is common in cirrhosis and has been involved in the altered nitrogen metabolism.
Zinc deficiency is common in spots where erosion or deep plowing has brought subsoil to the surface.
Zinc deficiency is especially common in children and women.
Zinc deficiency is most common in older people.
Zinc deficiency is much more common than most GPs realise.
Zinc deficiency is seen as a 'Z' bend in the newer leaves.
Zinc deficiency is seen by lack of height and weight.
Zinc deficiency is strongly related to anorexia nervosa.
Zinc deficiency leads to iron deficiency causing similar symptoms.
Zinc deficiency leads to iron deficiency.
Zinc deficiency leads to testosterone reduction and reduces the lifespan of sperm.
Zinc deficiency makes one more easily get infections .
Zinc deficiency makes one more easily get infections.
Zinc deficiency means increased susceptibility to infections and viruses.
Zinc deficiency occurs more frequently in cool weather during stand establishment.
Zinc deficiency occurs on corn in Ontario.
Zinc deficiency reduces the production of leptin, an important signaling molecule.
Zinc deficiency restricts growth and normal development.
Zinc deficiency shows early in the growth of plants.
Zinc deficiency shows up as a yellowish blotch or mottle between leaf veins.
Most zinc deficiencies affect functions.
Most zinc deficiencies affect health.
Most zinc deficiencies cause production.
Most zinc deficiencies cause reductions.
Some zinc deficiencies lead to accumulation.
Some zinc deficiencies lead to problems.
Zinc finger binding to DNA, see glucocorticoid receptor.
Zinc fingers are labeled blue and the zinc ion is labeled green .
Zinc fingers are labeled blue and the zinc ion is labeled green.
Zinc ion is also strongly anti inflammatory.
Zinc ions are effective antimicrobial agents even at low concentrations.
Zinc ions inhibit replication of rhinoviruses.
Zinc ions produce a white precipitate, and cadmium ions a yellow one.
Zinc ions seem to promote the emigration, implantation and outgrowth of circulating tumour cells.
Zinc lozenges are also available for the treatment of colds.
Zinc lozenges are another alternative to help reduce the duration and severity of cold symptoms.
Zinc lozenges are available at health food and drug stores.
Zinc lozenges are cheap and can be kept in the medicine cabinet for easy access.
Zinc lozenges do have their downside.
Zinc lozenges have an even more profound effect.
Zinc lozenges reduce the duration of common cold symptoms.
Zinc metabolism is altered during diabetic pregnancy in the rat.
Most zinc mines are underground operations.
Zinc oxide can dissolve in strong bases.
Zinc oxide covers it all.
Zinc oxide Find a foot deodorant containing zinc oxide and herbs.
Zinc oxide forms a barrier between the baby s skin and the ammonia in the urine.
Zinc oxide goes yellow on heating and returns to white again on cooling.
Zinc oxide has anti-microbial and absorbent properties.
Zinc oxide influences the colour in a glaze more than any other element.
Zinc oxide is a natural form of the mineral zinc.
Zinc oxide is a non-irritating and very effective sun block.
Zinc oxide is a semiconductor with a blue luminescence and a high optical gain to amplify light.
Zinc oxide is a thick paste that seals out air and makes the cut more comfortable.
Zinc oxide is a thick white cream that can be bought in any local drug store.
Zinc oxide is a unique and very useful material for modern civilization.
Zinc oxide is a white solid.
Zinc oxide is a wonderful physical sunscreen.
Zinc oxide is abrasive and zinc in the copper matrix promotes galling when mated with steel.
Zinc oxide is added to creams to allow the cream to cover more thoroughly.
Zinc oxide is also an effective sunblock.
Zinc oxide is available at drug stores.
Zinc oxide is chemical compounds.
Zinc oxide is considered fairly nontoxic.
Zinc oxide is easier to clean with mineral oil than soap and water.
Zinc oxide is ideal for the nose and ears while swimming.
Zinc oxide is oxide
Zinc oxide is oxide.
Zinc oxide is the major compound used to supply zinc in the feeds of all species of animals.
Zinc oxide is used as a white pigment in paints .
Zinc oxide is used in calamine.
Zinc oxide is used in medicine, paints, vulcanizing rubber and sunblock lotions.
Zinc oxide is used in the vulcanization of rubber, preventing the rubber from becoming brittle.
Zinc oxide is used with the terephthalic acid, an organic compound, to form a molecular sieve.
Zinc oxide mixed with rose oil is a simple remedy that is said to be effective.
Zinc oxide occurs in nature as the mineral zincite.
Zinc oxide reflects sunlight and is therefore included in some sunscreen preparations .
Zinc oxide works well on the sensitive lips and nose.
Zinc paint is used for the same reason in many applications.
Zinc phosphate is a type of phosphate that is usually gray.
Zinc phosphate is a white solid.
Zinc phosphate prevents corrosion from creeping or spreading under the painted surface.
Zinc plating is called galvanizing.
Zinc poisoning can also cause stomach lacerations.
Zinc poisoning can be fatal, and severe illness develops quickly.
Zinc poisoning is also a heavy-metal poisoning.
Zinc poisoning occurs most frequently when cats ingest zinc in the form of pennies.
Zinc sulfate can also be mixed with lime or soda ash to form a longer lasting film on leaves.
Zinc sulfate is a colorless solid.
Zinc sulfate is a preferred source since it dissolves fairly easily and also supplies sulfur.
Zinc sulfate is a readily available and economical source of zinc.
Zinc sulfate is a sulphate
Zinc sulfate is a synthetic form of the mineral zinc.
Zinc sulfate is chemical compounds.
Zinc sulfate is considered to be the most effective foot rot treatment.
Zinc sulfate is crystal.
Zinc sulfate is foliar-applied to assist in boll maturation and opening.
Zinc sulfate is inorganic compounds.
Zinc sulfate is ionic compounds.
Zinc sulfate is sulfate.
Zinc sulfate is used as a disinfectant and as a white pigment in paints.
Zinc sulfate is used in dyes and pigments .
Zinc sulfate is used in dyes and pigments.
Zinc sulfate is usually the best, safest compound for man and beast.
Zinc sulfate looks like and can be confused with Epsom salts.
A zinc sulfide is a sulphide
Zinc sulfide is used in fluorescent bulbs to convert the ultraviolet light to visible light .
Zinc sulfide is used in fluorescent bulbs to convert the ultraviolet light to visible light.
Zinc sulfide is used in making luminous dials, X-ray and TV screens, and fluorescent lights.
Zinc sulfide is used to convert ultraviolet light to visible light.
Zinc sulfide is white when pure.
Zinc sulfides are chemical compounds.
A zinc sulphate is a sulphate
Zinc sulphate is used in the production of the white paint pigment lithopone.
A zinc sulphide is a sulphide
Zinc sulphide is used in making luminous dials and fluorescent lights.
Zinc supplements can lead to toxicity.
Zinc supplements help prevent many infections by strengthening the body's immune system.
Zinc supplements help to improve the sense of taste.
Zinc supplements prevent thymus involution and enhance the activity of the thymic hormone thymulin.
Zinc supplementation can prevent both immediate DNA strand breakage and early and delayed apoptosis.
Zinc supplementation enhances the immune function and aids healing.
Zinc supplementation improves glucose disposal in patients with cirrhosis.
Zinc supplementation is also useful in some cases of male infertility.
Zinc supplementation is essentially.
Zinc supplementation is reported to help some dogs, as well.
Zinc supplementation produces significant increases in superoxide dismutase activity.
Zinc supplementation reduces size and symptoms of prostate trouble in the majority of patients.
Some zinc supplementation is recommended.
Zinc toxicity can cause feather picking, seizures and even death.
Zinc toxicity causes a severe hemolytic anemia.
Zinc toxicity is a newly discovered consideration in the safety of our birds.
Zinc toxicity thresholds for important reclamation grass species of the western United States.
Zinc toxicity thresholds for important reclamation grass species of the Western United States.
Zinc absorbs infections, enabling echinacea and golden seal to increase the immune system.
Zinc acts as the stimulator to the thyroid and immune system and copper as the suppressor.
Zinc alleviates thermal hyperalgesia due to partial nerve injury.
Zinc antimonide is a gray solid .
Zinc antimonide is a gray solid.
Zinc blocks how much copper is absorbed and increases how much copper the body releases.
Zinc boosts immunity and preserves vision.
Zinc combined with copper makes brass.
Zinc combines with other elements to form zinc compounds.
Zinc competes for absorption with iron, calcium, and magnesium.
Zinc containing oral rinses are helpful in the healing process.
Zinc contributes to cell regeneration, sebum production in the scalp, and protein synthesis.
Zinc contributes to prostate function, testosterone synthesis and activity, and sperm development.
Zinc depletes potassium and cadmium depletes magnesium.
Zinc die cast faucets can have a limited cycle life in a high traffic or vandal prone environment.
Zinc governs the enzyme systems and development of cells.
Zinc handle with a silver and black powder coating, giving it the same finish as the movie version.
Zinc has (part) atoms.
Zinc has quality.
Zinc helps form protein in the body.
Zinc helps muscles.
Zinc improves bladder function also and evening primrose oil is a hormone balancer.
Zinc increases both sperm count and sperm motility.
Zinc interferes with copper absorption.
Zinc interferes with the absorption of calcium supplements.
Zinc iodide is a colorless solid.
Zinc is chemical elements.
Zinc is metal
Zinc is metallic elements.
Zinc is ore.
Zinc is transition metal.
Zinc isa metal.
Zinc lined sinks are better than wooden ones.
Zinc looks similar to stainless steel but shows dents and stains with use.
Zinc lowers the melting temperature.
Zinc phosphide breaks down and washes off in damp weather.
Zinc phosphide containing bait pellets are available to homeowners in small amounts.
Zinc phosphide is a mineral-based pesticide made from the elements zinc and phosphorus.
Zinc phosphide is a slow-acting toxicant that can be absorbed in small amounts through human skin.
Zinc phosphide is also available in a pellet form.
Zinc phosphide is available in formulated pellets or treated grain.
Zinc phosphide is highly to extremely toxic to both mammals and birds.
Zinc phosphide is labeled as a restricted-use pesticide.
Zinc phosphide is the most commonly used toxicant for vole control.
Zinc phosphide is the only bait registered for prairie dog control in New Mexico.
Zinc phosphide is the toxicant most frequently used.
Zinc phosphide is used mainly to control field rodents.
Zinc phosphide requires only one feeding to be lethal.
Zinc plating is standard on all rigids and swivel models.
Zinc plating is the standard finish for the caster rigs and other hardware.
Zinc potentiates antiseptic agents and is critical to the maintenance of a healthy immune system.
Zinc precipitates onto zinc hydroxide crystals.
Zinc reacts with both acids and alkalis.
Zinc reacts with hydrochloric acid.
Zinc reacts with oxygen to form a very thin, hard layer of zinc oxide.
Zinc reduces joint swelling, pain and stiffness.
Zinc stimulates growth.
Zinc stimulates hair growth.
Zinc stimulates the immune system and acts as an antioxidant.
Zinc strengthens the immune system as well.
Zinc targets the pancreas and appears to cause damage resulting in elevated amylase levels.
Zinc works with vitamin D to ensure proper calcium absorption into bone tissue.
Zincs are cheap.
More zinc is found in the body than any other trace element except for iron.
More zinc means more years of service before rusting starts.
Most zinc has quality.
Most zinc helps muscles.
Most zinc is excreted via the liver into the intestine and feces.
Some zinc reacts with acid.
Zine creators know that a very fine line divides money and self-expression.
Zine culture is less pretentious and has a political code to it.
Zine entry updates.
All zine flyers are welcome.
Zine genres vary.
Zine publisher takes plunge.
Zine publishers use their work to satisfy specific needs that the mainstream media fail to satisfy.
Most zine writing is dreadful, sloppy and self-indulgent.
Zinfandel is red wine
Zinfandels are the specialth here, with several styles to choose from.
A zing is an activity
Zing also offers a selection of photo-personalized gifts.
ZING also shows a numeric display of the total input and output data rate.
Zing can make personal photography a more frequent and important part of life.
Zing encourages Members to change their passwords frequently.
Zing even has an underutilized pool table.
Zing expects to serve additional markets in the fall.
Zing has development offices in Israel.
Zing is a popular photo-sharing site.
Zing is a Web site for photo-sharing and printing.
Zing is easy to download and easy to install, and it's kind of entertaining.
Zing is easy to download and easy to install.
Zing is one of the first online photo storage sites.
Zing is sold to consumers by retail outlets, which get the product from the manufacturer.
Zing is the most heavily trafficked Internet photo-sharing site.
Zing isa sound.
Zing offers unlimited free storage with no time limit.
Zing provides free, unlimited online storage and access for personal pictures.
ZING shows red indicators starting from the point at which it 'sees' network problems.
Zings are sound.
Zink deficiencies can cause dry, crusty patches or worsen a pre-existing condition.
A zinnia is a flower
Zinnia has brilliant daisy-like flowers in single or double blooms.
Zinnia offers many colors and mixed blooms to choose from.
Zinnias also last a long time as a cut flower.
Zinnias are also heat tolerant and bloom in late summer and fall.
Zinnias are among the best with bold colors and flowers shapes to please just about anyone.
Zinnias are among the oldest favorites as garden or cut flowers.
Zinnias are an all purpose annual, growing well in flower gardens or used as a border plant.
Zinnias are annuals and are susceptible to frost.
Zinnias are another bright, inexpensive flower to begot in most regions.
Zinnias are available in almost every color except blue.
Zinnias are beautiful.
Zinnias are easy to start from seeds, indoors or outdoors.
Zinnias are flowers.
Zinnias are in the garden.
Zinnias are native to Mexico and once they are established, they are drought-tolerant plants.
Zinnias are native to the Southwestern United States, Central America, and South America.
Zinnias are one of the easier annuals to start from seeds.
Zinnias are plants.
Zinnias are somewhat resistant to insects and disease.
Zinnias are top performers indoors.
Zinnias are versatile and easily homegrown for weddings.
Zinnias attract butterflies.
Zinnias come in a huge range of colors, flower sizes and heights.
Zinnias come in a wide variety of plant heights and colors.
Zinnias come in all sizes and colors, and they are all planted the same way.
Zinnias come in various heights and flower forms.
Zinnias flower in midsummer to late summer.
Zinnias flower most of the summer, attracting many butterflies.
Zinnias grow best in a warm, sunny climate and deep, sandy soil.
Zinnias grow best in full sun, which means six or more hours of direct sun daily.
Zinnias grow in almost any soil as long as it is well-drained.
Zinnias like to have space so the air can flow around their leaves.
Zinnias love heat but are susceptible to powdery mildew.
Zinnias make excellent cut flowers.
Zinnias prefer full sun and well-drained soil.
Zinnias prefer full sun, dry air and heat.
Zinnias thrive in hot summer weather.
Zinnias vary widely in height and flower size according to variety.
Zinnias work well in the garden or in containers and make great cut flowers.
Most zinnias deteriorate in late summer and fall, due to powdery mildew.
Most zinnias sold at nurseries are Zinnia elegans.
Some zinnias are annuals and live only one year.
Some zinnias are more attractive to butterflies than others.
Zinpro customers can contact their Zinpro representatives for more information.
More Zinzermatic cards are available at their site.
Zionist group claims responsibility.
Zionist ideology continues to influence Israeli policy toward the territories.
Zionist ideology has no limits, only the principle of more and more and more . . .
Zionist movement begins, Israel seeks home in promised land.
Zionist nationality is no different.
Zionist occupation is still operative in Palestine.
Zionist propaganda is on the defensive.
Zionistic Movements Soc.
Zip archives contain files and are typically compressed to save space.
ZIP code directories as well as postal information from around the world.
Zip code directories for each newspaper.
ZIP CODE Enter the bond owners zip code.
Zip code is code.
Zip code is considered one word.
Zip code is free.
Zip code is optional.
Zip code is part of addresses.
Zip code is postal code.
Zip code is searchable with a two-letter country code.
Zip code is the first determinant.
Zip code is the first determinent.
Zip code ranges for reference.
ZIP codes are available on a first come first served basis.
Zip codes are fairly large geographic entities.
Zip codes are free.
ZIP codes are numbered with the first number representing a certain group of U.S. states .
ZIP codes are numbered with the first number representing a certain group of U.S. states.
Zip codes are optional.
Zip codes are passwords, free stuff, amazon.
Zip codes can help narrow a search.
Zip codes can predict test scores.
Zip codes follow post office or street addresses.
Zip codes represent postal delivery locations.
Every ZIP code provides general delivery receiving in at least one post office.
Some zip codes can have multiple secondary cities.
Some zip codes have second-day delivery instead of next business day.
Some zip codes represent more than one contiguous location.
Zip discs are able to store a great deal of information in a very short amount of time.
ZIP disk is something like a developed form of floppy disc.
ZIP disks are acceptable for very large manuscripts.
Zip disks are acceptable, too.
Zip Disks are also an option.
Zip disks are available for both platforms.
Zip Disks are by far the most common of disk formats around today.
Zip disks are durable and unscratchable - a safe choice for portable data and frequently used files.
Zip disks are excellent for importing individual cues, and for saving medium size projects.
Zip Disks are ideal for transferring jobs to and from bureau's and design agencies.
Zip disks are much cheaper than memory cards.
Zip disks are much like microdiskettes, they just store more information.
Zip disks are needlessly costly.
Zip disks are of reduced importance when computers are on a fast network as they are here.
Zip disks are physically about the same size as a floppy and are an ideal replacement.
ZIP disks are preferred way to exchange graphic files at the Phoenix .
ZIP disks are similar to floppy disks but hold a lot more data.
Zip disks are simpler.
Zip disks are slightly larger than conventional floppy disks , and about twice as thick.
Zip disks are slightly larger than conventional floppy disks, and about twice as thick.
Zip disks are the recommended format.
Zip disks are to be submitted with the written reports.
Zip disks come in packs of five or are sold individually.
ZIP disks do fail.
Zip disks fail most often when they are over-used or misused.
Zip disks hold a lot of information and come with their own case.
Zip disks look like a floppy, only a little thicker, and they each hold a hundred megs.
Zip drive is available.
Zip drives are also available for check-out.
Zip drives are also useful for transporting large files.
Zip drives are another relatively inexpensive solution.
Zip drives are available for use on each instructor machine.
Zip drives are available on a limited basis.
Zip drives are available on all computers.
Zip drives are essential for backing up or transporting medium sized amounts of data.
ZIP drives are in the lab.
Zip drives are just about everywhere.
ZIP drives are less expensive and easier to install and operate than the cd burners.
Zip drives are located in desks.
Zip drives are obviously very popular.
Zip drives are often a waste.
ZIP drives are relatively inexpensive and make backups quite painless.
Zip drives are relatively inexpensive and portable.
Zip drives are the current thing here at the camp too.
Zip drives are the most common backup peripherals used on campus.
Zip drives are very easy to use, similar to a floppy drive with a slightly bigger disk.
Zip drives can be external or mounted internally in a computer.
Zip drives can only read and write to their own proprietary cartridges.
Zip drives can transmit data to the computer in various ways .
Zip drives can transmit data to the computer in various ways.
Zip drives have cheap cables.
Zip drives have different connection procedures.
Zip Drives Learn More None.
Zip drives offer another option.
Zip drives work best in tandem.
Zip file contains all sources and executable.
Zip file contains instructions.
Zip file contains quick tutorial.
Zip file contains source code for both the client and server.
Zip file contains sources and also webl.nbm is attached.
Zip file contains the latest method library and is updated weekly.
Zip file includes .dir file example.
ZIP file includes a readme text.
Zip file includes a screenshot of in-game play so ya can see the tunnels.
Zip file includes a working example and images for toolbars.
Zip file includes authors art work.
Zip file includes midi and text file.
Zip file includes more setup info.
Zip file includes plaid tile background only .
Zip file includes stationery scripting.
ZIP file includes the program, and brief instructions.
Zip file includes the source file.
Zip file includes tiled background and left and top border.
ZIP files are a common compressed format to distribute files on the Internet.
Zip files are a way of downloading lots of information at once.
Zip files are a way of packaging files for downloading from the internet.
Zip files are about the same size as gzip files.
Zip files are also available to save an entire collection.
Zip files are an industry-standard way of combining and compressing several files into one.
Zip files are archives that contain many files inside of a file.
Zip files are 'archives' used for distributing files.
ZIP files are compressed archives, that contain one or more files.
Zip files are compressed data.
ZIP files are compressed files for faster download time.
ZIP files are compressed files, usually containing several files within it.
Zip files are compressed files.
Zip files are computer files with the file name extension .zip .
Zip files are computer files with the file name extension .zip.
Zip files are computer files.
Zip files are files that have been compressed for faster download.
Zip files are much easier.
Zip files are much like a suitcase.
Zip files are nothing other than compressed files.
Zip files are OK as are most word processing packages.
Zip files are simply a number of files that have been compressed and stored in a single file.
ZIP files are somewhat different.
ZIP files are specially compressed files that require a ZIP extractor for decompression.
ZIP files are such compressed files.
Zip files are the most common archive format.
ZIP files are the most common archives online.
Zip files are the most common.
Zip files are welcome.
Zip files can be rather large and take a while to download.
ZIP files can contain many files.
Zip files can contain numerous directories, potentially hierarchical.
Zip files can contain one or more files.
Zip files contain many other files and are compressed to conserve space.
Zip files contain one or more files that are archived for distribution purposes.
ZIP files contain one or more files which are archived and compressed to save space.
Zip files contain one or more files, and are usually compressed to save space.
Zip files contain one or more files.
ZIP files contain one or more files.
Zip files contain ore or more files.
Zip files contain other files and are compressed to conserve space.
Zip files contain the code.
Zip files contain the data from one or more other files.
Zip files follow the descriptive text.
Zip files have an extension .zip on the filename.
Zip files have the extention .zip .
Zip files make it easy to group files and make downloading more efficient.
Zip files make it easy to group files and make transporting and copying files faster.
Zip files make it easy to group files.
Zip files require a unzipper which is available here.
Zip files save time and space, and make downloading documents or software from the internet faster.
Zip files take up less space and are therefore faster to send via internet.
Zip files transfer roughly twice as fast as unzipped files because they are roughly half the size.
Zip files use less hard-disk space.
All zip file have a .zip file extention.
All zip files are password protected.
Most zip files require a zip program capable of handling long filenames.
Some zip files contain more than one file.
Zip lines used for entertainment or accessibility to nature enhances human enjoyment and relaxation.
ZIP software is available for nearly all operating systems.
Zip ties are light, cheap, and a make the whole process much easier.
Zip allows file sizes to be compressed in order to allow faster transfer of data on line.
Zip appear to be increasing, as it reveals new, unwelcome tricks.
Zip archive A very simple application listing utility.
Zip are proggies that use a soundcard to generate tones.
Zip closure front and polyfil liners.
Zip code boundary maps for the Las Vegas Valley and Clark County.
Zip compresses the contents of a file so that the disk space required to store it is much smaller.
ZIP compresses the contents of a file so that the disk space required to store it is much smaller.
ZIP contains the control and a readme.txt on how to install the control manually.
Zip currently supplies bandwidth to several other ISPs.
Zip disk for scanned images.
Zip disks .
Zip disks aren' t made for frequent and repeated access like hard drives are.
Zip disks around from computer to computer across campus.
Zip disks for keeping lost pet flyers information on.
Zip drive A high-capacity floppy disk drive.
Zip drive for dedicated use on a research computer.
Zip drive for sale.
Zip drive installation guide.
Zip drive n.
Zip drive running, but without a disk.
Zip drive with disk.
Zip drive, or unassigned.
Zip drives .
Zip drives available by the time it ships.
Zip drives on all teaching stations in multimedia classrooms.
ZIP drives Two ZIP drives are available for general usage.
Zip drives use special cartridges that look a lot like floppy disks.
Zip drives, and printers are just some of the things in the store.
Zip drives, on the other hand, are hardware storage devices.
ZIP endorses a radically different idea about development.
Zip file A compressed file.
Zip file Another fun desk top animation.
Zip file below.
Zip file containing a rib that produces Yet More Teapots.
Zip file containing all eight parts and the main opening statement.
Zip file containing map, routines, example, and city database.
Zip file similar to the above with more green added, and the sand at a different height.
Zip files A zip file is a compressed set of files or single file, with a .zip extension.
Zip files that back up, compress and span data across multiple disks.
Zip fly and button closure.
Zip fly closure.
Zip fly fastener.
Zip fly with button closure.
Zip fly with snap closure.
Zip fly with two-snap closure.
Zip fly with velcro closure.
Zip fly, button closure.
Zip fly, five pockets.
ZIP includes all necessary freeware programs.
ZIP includes explanations of why extensions are included.
ZIP is a compression and archiving format that makes downloading files faster and easier.
Zip is a force
ZIP is here.
ZIP is so much nicer.
Zip lock baggies come in very handy.
Zip lock bags Use for storing coupons, crayons, q-tips, makeup and cotton balls for travel.
Zip lock bags work great.
Zip lock sandwich bags and oven bags are useful for small loose items.
Zip lock sandwich bags are fine.
Zip lock storage bags are good for keeping parts together and sterile.
Zip open a side for one-handed access while riding.
Zip pockets in both the outer and in the fleece lining.
ZIP represents both a strategy and a program.
ZIP seems to be a compression format many platforms can handle.
Zip spreads rapidly.
Zip tie on front eyelet.
Zips are an entry point for water, so fewer the better.
ZIPs are files that hold other files.
Zips love new products.
Zips open wide for easy packing.
Zips run down both legs and arms.
All zips have two sliders for easy access, Wide carrying handles and fully adjustable.
Some zips are good.
ZipEd courses are affordable.
Zipf distribution favors some values more than others.
ZIPFind programs offer fast access and flexible searches through demographic data.
Zipp soils are fine.
Zipped archives containing all files are especially preferred.
Zipped file contains installation instructions.
Zipped file contains program and documentation files.
Zipped file contains two components for use with the tutorial.
Zipped files are also available for faster download times.
Zipped files are also much quicker to send and receive over the Internet.
Zipped files are completely okay.
Zipped files are compressed files that make transporting and copying files faster.
Zipped files are fine.
Zipped files are for PC users.
Zipped files are only available in PC format.
Zipped files are the best as they download faster.
ZIPped files are the defacto standard on the Internet.
Zipped files contain all of each semester's tests.
Zipped files download faster because they are smaller than an uncompressed equivalent.
Zipped files have the .zip extension.
Zipped files require the use of an unzip utility after downloading.
Zipped formats are still available through the download link on the left.
Zipper compartments feature laptops.
Zipper compartments feature pad laptops.
A zipper is a fixing
Zipper isa device.
Zipper pockets with cover closure and inside zipper pockets.
Zipper pockets with mesh vents.
Zipper pull cord fastener Patent No.
Zipper pulls for the riders with gloves.
Zipper pulls with cords for easy opening.
Zipper slides easily.
Zipper towels off.
Zipper works properly.
Zippers appear to increase with age and can cause a distorted geometry of ommatidia.
Zippers are a piece of cake.
Zippers are all self-repairing.
Zippers are another essential for temperature regulation.
Zippers are double seamed.
Zippers are easier then buttons.
Zippers are extra strong for longer wear life.
Zippers are faster and easier still, and simplest of all are Velcro strips.
Zippers are great until they break.
Zippers are heavy duty.
Zippers are intelligently inset away from high wear seam locations.
Zippers are made of teeth.
Zippers are notorious for breaking after a short working life.
Zippers are okay, but they can be a pain.
Zippers are part of jackets.
Zippers are solid brass with custom leather pull tabs.
Zippers are the single component easily identified as a manufacturer's nemesis.
Zippers begin replacing buttons.
Zippers can also leak due to sand, grit or salt crust sitting in the zipper surfaces.
Zippers can catch and pinch tender skin.
Zippers extend down sides.
Zippers have (part) sections.
Zippers have heavy-duty metal pulls over sturdy plastic teeth.
Zippers here allow a tight fit when closed.
Zippers make foam replacement a snap.
Zippers open on three sides to lie flat for easy packing.
Zippers provide easy opening and closing.
Zippers provide for convenient access to the inner cushions.
Zippers provide trouble-free service.
Zippers replace buttons in many an outfit.
Zippers work great.
Zippers often replace more complicated buttoning.
All zippers are heavy duty with two heavy duty sliders.
All zippers are lockable with a padlock.
All zippers are no.
All zippers are now lockable for travel security.
All zippers are top quality self-repairing nylon coil.
All zippers are white.
Every zipper is tested and checked before final delivery to customers.
Some zippers are part of cardigans.
Some zippers are part of denims.
Some zippers are part of gowns.
Some zippers are part of jeans.
Some zippers are part of kilts.
Zippered sleeves have internal sheepskin cuffs to keep out drafts.
Zippered sleeves have internal sheepskin cuffs to prevent drafts.
Zippered vents provide adequate airflow and emergency exits.
Zipperless entry means less weight and bulk.
Zippies are an unlikely fusion between the two sides.
Zippo lighters are awesome.
Zippo lighters make a perfect gift.
Zippo lighters make great gifts as music and movie memorabilia.
Zippo lighters make great gifts for any occasion.
Zippo lighters make great gifts for smokers and collectors.
Zippo lighters make great gifts.
Zippo lighters makes great gifts and collectibles.
Zippo lighters makes great gifts for smokers and collectors.
Zippo lighters offer unparalleled quality.
A zippo is an amount
Zippo lighters and much much more.
A zircon is a mineral
Zircon can make a very attractive and affordable gemstone.
Zircon eases depression and insomnia and is an excellent detoxifier.
Zircon heals the spirit.
Zircon hopes to have the ultrawideband technology in use by next year.
Zircon is common in many areas.
Zircon is common in many of the igneous rocks of the Wausau area.
Zircon occurs in trace quantities in some volcanic rocks.
Zircon shows a small reactivity against many metal melts.
Zircons allow uranium into their crystal structure and over time the uranium decays to lead.
Zircons also record well fission tracks.
Zircons are common as tiny grains scattered through the rocks of the Wolf River Batholith.
Zircons are minerals.
Zircons are precious stones.
Zircons are small crystals which form in granite.
Most zircon is used directly in high temperature applications.
Some zircon contains significant uranium and thorium.
A zirconia is oxide
Zirconia can exhibit three different crystal structures depending on temperature.
Zirconia is a component in some abrasives , such as grinding wheels and sandpaper .
Zirconia is chemically unreactive.
Zirconia is stable in oxidizing and mildly reducing atmospheres.
Zirconia is used to make ceramic knives.
Zirconia is what confers alkali resistance in glass.
Zirconium alloys are used to make concrete drill bits.
Many zirconium alloys are available.
Zirconium carbide is even more resistant to damage from misuse or dropping.
Zirconium dioxide is one of the most studied ceramic materials.
Zirconium oxide has low thermal conductivity and high melting point.
Zirconium oxide is a very strong material.
Zirconium oxide is extremely hard, wear resistant, and chemically inert.
Zirconium oxide is oxide
Zirconium oxide is oxide.
Zirconium oxide is relatively stable on silicon surface and has a high dielectric constant.
Zirconium oxide is used to make heat resistant crucibles, ceramics and abrasives.
A zirconium is metal
Zirconium has a very low thermal expansion.
Zirconium has exceptionally high resistance to corrosion at elevated temperatures.
Zirconium has no biological role.
Zirconium is a grayish-white lustrous metal.
Zirconium is a greyish-white lustrous metal.
Zirconium is also a component several other important ceramic materials.
Zirconium is also available in soluble forms including zirconium chloride , nitrate and acetate .
Zirconium is found in abundance in S-type stars, and has been identified in the sun and meteorites.
Zirconium is highly resistant to corrosion by alkalis, acids, salt water and other agents.
Zirconium is in the gems called zircons.
Zirconium is regarded as relatively safe.
Zirconium moves heat reducing detonation and increasing the effective oxidation of fuel.
Zirconiums are chemical elements.
Zirconiums are metallic elements.
Zirconiums are transition metal.
A zit is acne
Zits is available as four collections of the strip along with a daily and monthly calendar.
Most zits heal on their own.
A zither is a stringed instrument
Zithers are also important to many other musical traditions.
Zithers are instruments.
Zithers are musical instruments.
Zithers are stringed instruments.
Zithers slither slowly south.
Zn newsletter is sent once per month via email.
A zodiac is a region
Zodiacs allow a close exploration of coral atolls, shallow lagoons, and tropical island shores.
Zodiacs are chains of memes which prefer to be called by glamorous names.
Zodiacal constellations are the constellations located within the Earth's ecliptic.
Zodiacal light is a function of the relative position of the sun and the telescope pointing.
Zodiacal light is reflection
Zombie argument leads back to dualism.
Zombie pigmen are always hostile.
A zombie is a decedent
Zombie can withstand a good beating before being destroyed.
Zombie is a server and an API designed for easy network communication between applications.
Zombie is killed while the player is waiting OR moving.
Zombie is little more than an attempt to cash in on the success of a much better film.
Zombie is the right word for it.
Zombie opens with the New York City harbor patrol intercepting a derelict yacht in New York harbor.
Zombie relieves the programmer from implementing the often difficult networking code.
Zombie says, ducking at the same time.
Zombies also represent widespread annihalation in the form of plague-like sickness.
Zombies appear a lot in horror and fantasy films.
Zombies appear largely incapable of normal speech.
Zombies are a bit less common than skeletons but still can be found in a variety of zones.
Zombies are a constant annoying presence.
Zombies are a philosophical monster that symbolize the mysteries of life and death.
Zombies are a relative newcomer to the playing field.
Zombies are almost useless for household cleaning.
Zombies are also a reality, but most zombie cults are in Haiti.
Zombies are cool.
Zombies are dead processes.
Zombies are dumb and slow, but they are also tough, and can dish out heavy damage with their claws.
Zombies are essentially programs that can be set off by a timer or controlled by a master program.
Zombies are evil for that reason.
Zombies are fragile.
Zombies are hypothetical creatures of the sort that philosophers have been known to cherish.
Zombies are insectivores.
Zombies are located in movies.
Zombies are loose.
Zombies are made of cells.
Zombies are monsters.
Zombies are popular nowadays in philosophical circles.
Zombies are pretty well-known for trying to suck the brains out of people's heads.
Zombies are responsible for most cases of vandalism.
Zombies are right out of the old scary movies.
Zombies are so cool.
Zombies are social critters.
Zombies are such simple creatures that have no concerns other than their existence.
Zombies are unreaped child processes.
Zombies are worse about rooting in trash than racoons.
Zombies can deal damage through closed doors.
Zombies can move, eat, hear and speak, but have no memory and no insight into their condition.
Zombies can respond to their environment.
Zombies cause fear.
Zombies come popping out of the ground early in the game.
Zombies crave the flesh of other humans, so they are heterotrophs, cannibals to be specific.
Zombies have limited offensive capability.
Zombies have no masks.
Zombies have poor reflexes and can perform only partial actions.
Zombies have their own theme music.
Zombies illuminates the structure of the problem and the surrounding debates.
Zombies is certainly another influence.
Zombies just help.
Zombies like to skip.
Zombies make good teachers.
Zombies moan and gurgle appropriately, footsteps crunch on the dirt and clunk on the wood.
Zombies move in through the broken fence.
Zombies only take one hit to kill.
Zombies play with dolls.
Zombies poke out everywhere.
Zombies refer to computers taken over by hackers to launch coordinated attacks on major Web sites.
Zombies retain some knowledge or memories from past lives.
Zombies suffer from destorted thinking and many leaders are zombies.
Zombies suffer from insomnia.
Zombies take over the world.
Zombies terrorize Florida townsfolk.
Zombies walk like robots.
Zombies sometimes bump into trees.
All zombies face west.
More zombies appear after each touchdown.
Some zombies appear to be capable of simple reasoning or have a limited intellectual capacity.
Zonal coverage allows backup and gives beaten defenders a chance to recover.
Zonal geraniums are basically tropical perennials.
Zonal geraniums are bushy plants, mainly used for containers and bedding.
Zonal heating is used primarily for crystallizing solid solutions or mixtures.
Zonal leader wants to be district president.
Zonal soils reflect the climate and vegetation under which they developed.
Zone alarm is a great product.
Zone alarm is a superb piece of software and very easy to use.
Zone diets include proteins.
Zone diets recommend meals.
Most zone diets recommend meals.
Some zone diets help blood sugar.
Some zone diets help sugar.
Some zone diets improve performance.
Zone files represent a distributed database of information about a domain name.
Zone of control is very important as it determines the unit's domain.
Zones of control affect how a path can be traced to allow replacements.
Zone plates are circular diffraction gratings with radial increasing line density.
Zone presses are very effective as well when they are interchanged with man to man pressure.
Zone pricing allows local sellers to compete based on the conditions within their local markets.
Zone pricing harms consumers by reducing competition.
Zone system is introduced.
Zone tillage uses multiple coulters to prepare a seedbed as a band in the row area.
Zone transfers are a way of copying data from a primary server to secondary servers.
Zone transfers are an archaic alternative mechanism for copying DNS information.
Zone transfers impose heavy load to the nameservers.
Zone transfers keep the two servers synchronized.
Zone transfers lose all information about client differentiation and scheduled record changes .
Zone valves begin to close and the total flow through circulating pump decreases.
A zone is a place
Zone encourages parent involvement in education.
Zone involve trying to get access to terminals, manipulating objects, and cracking codes.
Zone isa place.
Zone provides options for recognizing the layout of text on a page.
Zones allow for interaction.
Zones allow name lookup in a group of logically related nodes.
Zones also maintain a collection of all objects allocated within the zone.
Zones also seek to provide employment to area residents.
Zones are a determining factor for pricing and planning travel packages.
Zones are a group of campaigns.
Zones are a subset of the wellness continuum.
Zones are a useful tool that can help make a security policy more coherent.
Zones are adjustable from menus.
Zones are also divided into sections designated by a letter.
Zones are areas of a document that can be individually or jointly searched.
Zones are combinations of either census blocks or block groups.
Zones are database areas that particular name servers are responsible for.
Zones are for cold hardiness.
Zones are for junior high and businessmen's pickup games.
Zones are geographical locations.
Zones are geographical only and have been defined in order to establish the fee.
Zones are groups of plants with similar water requirements.
Zones are invisible lines of energy that run longitudinally along the body.
Zones are light colored areas found within the zones.
ZONEs are logical groupings of appletalk equipment for file and print services.
Zones are logical groupings of similar results.
Zones are metabolic, calorie burning zones.
Zones are now a fact of life.
Zones are of various colors, usually with shades of brown, blue, gray, orange, and green.
Zones are regions.
Zones are relative.
Zones are specific regions of a document to which searches can be limited.
Zones are states.
Zones are structures.
Zones are the only places where buildings can develop.
Zones are the places where buildings can develop .
Zones are the places where buildings can develop.
Zones are the set of endpoints over which one and only one gatekeeper has jurisdiction.
Zones are usually rectangular, but polyagonal ones can be created from overlapping rectangles.
Zones attract ants.
Zones can be local or remote.
Zones can be non-rectangular.
Zones can be primary or secondary.
Zones can chase to a bass beat.
Zones can correspond to staging areas or areas separated by aisles or even floors.
Zones can exist for up to seven years.
Zones can have many properties such as whether they hurt the player and even gravity.
Zones can span physical network boundaries and can be configured to exists on all network segments.
Zones come in three densities.
Zones consist of four square miles each.
Zones contain air.
Zones contain carnivores.
Zones contain water.
Zones correspond to territory.
Zones create a different game.
Zones deal with explosive or flammable gases only.
Zones exist along geographic boundaries with each zone responsible for a specified area of campus.
Zones exist solely to make it easier to find devices on the network.
Zones get special advantages when competing for government contracts.
Zones have boundaries.
Zones have communities.
Zones have dividing lines.
Zones have height.
Zones have irregular boundaries.
Zones have life.
Zones have numbers.
Zones have rainfall.
Zones have size.
Zones have structure.
Zones have sunlight.
Zones have water.
Zones offers a fun and fast-paced atmosphere.
Zones provide habitats.
Zones provide high quality insfrastructure and services.
Zones refer to the map below the table.
Zones relate to the way the database is partitioned and distributed.
Zones represent slots or even themes.
Zones roughly correspond with inner, middle and outer suburbs.
Zones suffer from pollution.
Zones surround expanses.
Zones vary in width.
Zones usually represent administrative boundaries.
All zone presses flex in similar ways after the ball is in-bounded.
All zones are completely independent, allowing total access to all source components.
All zones contain arenas, accommodating hundreds of people playing at the same time.
All zones have equal representation.
All zones have predators that hunt their prey in all zones.
All zones offer businesses economic or tax incentives.
All zones remain open along strike and down dip.
Every zone has an area code.
Every zone has management from government.
Every zone has three bosses, each with a distinct fighting style.
Every zone measured requires one receiver.
Every zone meets once in two months.
Many zones also bring targeted help to areas of social exclusion.
Many zones are now full of blue-chip investment using technology intensive production processes.
More zones provide a more diverse plant and animal life.
Most zones allow a wide range of uses, including fishing and boating.
Most zones allow for interaction.
Most zones are desperation moves.
Most zones are entire counties.
Most zones are part of an industrial park.
Most zones attract ants.
Most zones contain air.
Most zones contain carnivores.
Most zones contain water.
Most zones correspond to territory.
Most zones have boundaries.
Most zones have communities.
Most zones have height.
Most zones have irregular boundaries.
Most zones have life.
Most zones have rainfall.
Most zones have sunlight.
Most zones have water.
Most zones play the ball.
Most zones provide habitats.
Most zones represent a college, an agency or a geographic area.
Most zones suffer from pollution.
Most zones vary in width.
Some zones affect fisheries.
Some zones are new industrial parks, but many others are previously existing city blocks or malls.
Some zones are occupied by lynxes.
Some zones exclude residentially-zoned areas from enterprise zone.
Some zones have abundances.
Some zones have advantage.
Some zones have cold conditions.
Some zones have cold winter conditions.
Some zones have conditions.
Some zones have deadly earthquakes.
Some zones have density.
Some zones have earthquakes.
Some zones have high density.
Some zones have only one station, others have two or three.
Some zones have pigment.
Some zones have rooms.
Some zones have waiting lists.
Some zones have zones.
Some zones maintain security.
Some zones receive light.
Some zones result in reductions.
Some zones suffer drought.
Zoned pegmatites are larger and considerably more complex.
Zoneline units are ideal for hotels and morels, office buildings, schools and apartments.
Zoneline units come with micro computer controls.
Most zoning codes relate development density to land area.
Most zoning districts allow renting of rooms to no more than three lodgers as a right.
Most zoning laws have requirements for greenery or other improvements.
Most zoning ordinances regulate land use, density, building mass, and parking.
Most zoning ordinances require low density development.
Most zoning ordinances segregate residential, commercial, and industrial zones.
Most Zoning Permits are valid for one year from the date of approval.
Most zoning plans are too weak to assure that essential fairness.
Zonings are division.
Zoo animals are captive animals.
Zoo animals are often heavier.
Zoo animals are on special diets prepared by trained staff.
Zoo animals are welcome, as well.
Zoo animals are wild and potentially dangerous.
Zoo animals follow the unsuspecting zookeeper home one night.
Zoo animals have diets.
Zoo animals live in conditions where outlets for their natural instincts are continually frustrated.
Most zoo animals have diets.
Some zoo animals get vacations off zoo grounds.
Some zoo animals suffer from neglect and abuse, too.
Zoo blots are one tool used in locating genes for specific human genetic diseases.
Zoo cheetahs experience health problems.
Zoo cheetahs experience problems.
Zoo gorillas live for years.
Zoo gorillas reach maturity.
Zoo gorillas reach sexual maturity.
Zoo officials begin experiments.
Zoo officials receive criticism.
A zoo is a facility
Zoo houses the lion safari park, which is a popular attraction for visitors.
Zoo isa facility.
Zoo regimen significantly modified activity budgets and space use by the animals.
Zoos also are at risk.
Zoos also claim to be educational.
Zoos also employ their own veterinarians as do an increasing number of animal welfare organisations.
Zoos also offer unparalleled opportunities for education.
Zoos also tend to save charismatic species, such as gorillas, bears, and birds.
Zoos are a good place for endangered species so they can multiply.
Zoos are a resource that our schools probably undervalue.
Zoos are a very educational resource.
Zoos are always good for all ages.
Zoos are an important part of the effort to maintain the world's wildlife.
Zoos are at the forefront of conservation biology and education.
Zoos are by no means adequate replacement for the natural habitat of any species.
Zoos are great, but nothing beats watching tropical critters in their natural environment.
Zoos are in the business of composting.
Zoos are increasingly interactive and a lot cheaper than a day at a theme park.
Zoos are little pieces of Eden.
Zoos are more and more becoming a safe holdout for predators.
Zoos are museums of animals, therefore keeping animals neat and healthy was part of the business.
Zoos are new at the celebrity guest game.
Zoos are no different.
Zoos are okay if they honour animals.
Zoos are one of the most conventional methods of ex-situ conservation.
Zoos are perhaps one of the most misunderstood targets of animal rights activists.
Zoos are places where people can have wild experiences without leaving their city.
Zoos are proud to play a significant role in red wolf recovery.
Zoos are public parks.
Zoos are the number one form of recreation for families.
Zoos are very popular places to visit.
Zoos are well worth visiting.
Zoos become venues for slaughter.
Zoos can be very entertaining and fun for the whole family.
Zoos can benefit tremendously by supporting CBSG workshops.
Zoos can work to educate the public about animals by having information.
Zoos claim that they are vital to protect wild animals threatened with extinction.
Zoos claim they provide an unparalleled appreciation of the power and wonder of nature.
Zoos claim to be effective educational tools.
Zoos claim to educate people and preserve species, but they frequently fall short on both counts.
Zoos claim to provide the best environments for their animals.
Zoos claim to provide the utmost care for their animals.
Zoos claim to use the majority of their income for animal welfare and conservation.
Zoos collect animals.
Zoos collect primates as exhibit animals.
Zoos contain wide varieties of animals that are native to all parts of the Earth.
Zoos contribute in many ways to the conservation of biodiversity.
Zoos contribute substantially to scientific knowledge by researching animals living at the zoo.
Zoos do a lot of harm to the animals.
Zoos exhibit apes.
Zoos exhibit birds.
Zoos exhibit chimpanzees.
Zoos exhibit elephants.
Zoos exhibit fish.
Zoos exhibit gorillas.
Zoos exhibit koalas.
Zoos exhibit monkeys.
Zoos exist for status and to make money.
Zoos feed bears.
Zoos focus on behavior.
Zoos focus on entertainment.
Zoos follow certain rules.
Zoos follow protocols.
Zoos follow rules.
Zoos give pleasure to many people To imprison animals for pleasure is wrong.
Zoos have (part) sections.
Zoos have a long and enviable reputation for their keeping of hoofed animals.
Zoos have alligators.
Zoos have an essential role in conservation.
Zoos have captive breeding programmes to help endangered species.
Zoos have giant pandas.
Zoos have giraffes.
Zoos have pandas.
Zoos have some really big cats, such as lions, tigers, and leopards.
Zoos have to pay to train their own staff.
Zoos have zookeepers and underkeepers .
Zoos have zookeepers and underkeepers.
Zoos house gorillas.
Zoos house western gorillas.
Zoos keep animals.
Zoos keep baboons.
Zoos keep elephants.
Zoos keep monkeys.
Zoos manage to keep their charges from wandering from their assigned habitats.
Zoos offer entertainment and recreation for the public.
Zoos offer lots of educational material about their animals and nature.
Zoos offer proximity and immediacy.
Zoos play a major part in that management, usually as animal refuges.
Zoos possess animals.
Zoos possess chimpanzees.
Zoos possess elephants.
Zoos possess giraffes.
Zoos possess zebras.
Zoos spend a lot of money duplicating natural conditions in which to keep captive animals.
Zoos study lions.
Zoos supplement the Colobus daily diet with browse.
Zoos support conservation.
Zoos tend to focus on conserving single species in isolation whilst ignoring their habitats.
Zoos try to keep a self-preserving population in captivity.
Zoos use a careful program to ensure reproductive success.
Zoos use computers to keep species alive.
Zoos use studbooks to make decisions, like when to breed certain animals.
Zoos always have a number of bears which are usually good attractions.
Zoos often have conservation projects in the native habitats of the animals they keep in captivity.
Zoos often have specialist veterinarians.
Zoos often schedule safaris or other wildlife-focused tours.
Zoos often sell or kill animals who no longer attract visitors.
Zoos often show a distorted picture of wild animals.
Zoos usually hire part-time employees in the summer.
Every zoo tries to achieve that.
Many zoos also hold the last remaining animals of their species.
Many zoos are centers where rare animals are preserved when they are in danger of dying out .
Many zoos are centers where rare animals are preserved when they are in danger of dying out.
Many zoos do use raw meat in their mix.
Many zoos give their animals beef to eat.
Many zoos have 'adopt' an animal or adopt an endangered species program.
Many zoos have alligators.
Many zoos have aviaries .
Many zoos have aviaries.
Many zoos have binturongs as well.
Many zoos keep eyelash pit vipers because of their aesthetic qualities.
Many zoos now have small cats on exhibit.
Many zoos sell penguin tee shirts.
Many zoos serve as sanctuaries for endangered animals.
Many zoos take their roles seriously as repositories of species diversity.
Many zoos try to keep their animals on tracts of land that resemble their natural habitat.
Many zoos use chickens instead of insecticides to control insect populations.
Many zoos use commercial meat-based feed made specifically for cheetahs in captivity.
Many zoos work extremely hard to modify their enrichment programs to fit each individual specie.
Most zoos are geared to make money by attracting paying visitors.
Most zoos are open.
Most zoos are relatively inexpensive and full of information and entertainment.
Most zoos are sad sad places.
Most zoos collect animals.
Most zoos cover many acres.
Most zoos do everything to encourage the breeding of their desirable animals.
Most zoos exhibit gorillas.
Most zoos exhibit tigers as solitary individuals, although there are exceptions.
Most zoos focus on behavior.
Most zoos focus on entertainment.
Most zoos follow certain rules.
Most zoos have alligators.
Most zoos have giant pandas.
Most zoos have giraffes.
Most zoos have pandas.
Most zoos have special admission prices and programs for groups.
Most zoos have species information for their animals.
Most zoos keep animals.
Most zoos keep baboons.
Most zoos keep elephants.
Most zoos keep monkeys.
Most zoos offer animal demonstrations.
Most zoos possess animals.
Most zoos possess elephants.
Most zoos possess giraffes.
Most zoos possess zebras.
Some zoos allow people to feed their lorikeets with specially prepared mixes.
Some zoos appear in books.
Some zoos are able to provide a better life for their animals than others, so much the better.
Some zoos are better than others and the range of animals kept in zoos is amazing.
Some zoos are dedicated entirely to certain species.
Some zoos are including bat lessons in broader educational programs.
Some zoos become leaders.
Some zoos buy elephants.
Some zoos choose to personalize cards on their own laser printers.
Some zoos have echidnas.
Some zoos have golden jackals.
Some zoos have jackals.
Some zoos have kiwi.
Some zoos have nations.
Some zoos have special activities for young people.
Some zoos have special evening events for the community.
Some zoos have special exhibits that don t include live species.
Some zoos keep pigs.
Some zoos kill giraffes.
Some zoos possess armadillos.
Some zoos possess fish.
Some zoos possess koalas.
Some zoos possess pigs.
Some zoos provide apes.
Some zoos provide cheetahs.
Some zoos provide elephants.
Some zoos provide flamingos.
Some zoos provide guidelines.
Some zoos raise apes.
Some zoos receive chameleons.
Some zoos receive koalas.
Some zoos receive manatees.
Some zoos vaccinate their large exotic cats for leptospirosis as well.
Some zoos work with cats.
Some zoos work with dolphins.
Zoochotic animals are no more to be laughed at than our own mentally ill humans.
A zooflagellate is a protozoan
Zooflagellates can cause disease through trypanosomes.
Zooflagellates contain whip-like flagella.
A zooid is an organism
Zooids alternate biserially on branches, with individual zooids tapering proximally.
Zooids are narrow in the proximal portion, wider distally.
Zooids are organisms.
Zooids are short, widening distally and tapering proximally.
Zooids are very small , highly modified individuals .
Zooids are very small, highly modified individuals.
Zooids carry prominent ciliated tentacles .
Zooids carry prominent ciliated tentacles.
Zooids eventually detach to form a. body is dorsoventrally flattened a. gametes.
More zooids are added by budding.
Most zooidal skeletons laminated in exozones, laminae parallel to growth surfaces.
A zoological garden is a facility
Many zoological gardens have a certain specialization.
Zoological nomenclature is determined by an international committee.
Zoological parks allow visitors to see and experience how their animal friends live and function.
Zoological parks exist on every continent.
Zoological parks respond.
A zoologist is a biologist
Zoologist allow any language for the description of animals.
Zoologist is an animal specialist.
Zoologists also breed animals in captivity.
Zoologists are biologists that study a wide variety of animal species.
Zoologists are biologists.
Zoologists are scientists.
Zoologists are workers.
Zoologists believe stripes offer zebras protection from predators in a couple of different ways.
Zoologists blame over-fishing, particularly by large trawling fleets.
Zoologists can create a second income by writing for journals.
Zoologists can predict what's closely related using their techniques of observation and analysis.
Zoologists disagree about how closely the giant panda and the red panda are related to each other.
Zoologists divide Indonesia into three zones.
Zoologists do it with animals.
Zoologists hope to discover why.
Zoologists know little about their lifespan.
Zoologists know their habits well.
Zoologists now agree that what happened was a sort of high-speed evolution.
Zoologists observe the ways animals interact with one another and their environment.
Zoologists say it's a mammal because it has fur and is warm-blooded.
Zoologists seek to understand and appreciate the incredible diversity of animal species.
Zoologists study animals their origin, behavior, diseases, and life processes.
Zoologists study everything from single-celled protozoa to whales.
Zoologists study the genetics, structures, behavior, and development of all types of animal species.
Zoologists study the origins, behavior, diseases, and life processes if animals.
Zoologists tend to be experts on a very specific group.
Zoologists try to answer many questions about animals.
Zoologists often specialize in the study of one particular species.
Zoologists usually are identified by the animal group they study.
Many zoologists are classified by the animal they study.
Many zoologists are involved in research and development.
Many zoologists believe that the acoelomate body plan is the basis for the other invertebrate phyla.
Many Zoologists choose to specialize in one particular animal group, such as birds or mammals.
Many zoologists teach and conduct research in colleges and universities.
Many zoologists treat the group as a degenerate off- shoot from the flatworms.
Many zoologists work at zoos, aquariums, and museums.
Most zoologists spend only two to eight weeks in the field each year.
Most zoologists work at universities where often they also teach biology.
Some zoologists are interested in the biology of particular groups of animals.
Some zoologists go on to study veterinary medicine.
Some zoologists now place it in a separate phylum.
Some zoologists place the lynx, the bobcat, and the caracal in a separate genus, Lynx .
Some zoologists work with animals in the field.
Zoology can be both a basic and an applied science.
Zoology deals with animals while botany is the science which treats of plants.
Zoology encompasses many specialties.
Zoology encompasses the principles of biology related to animals.
Zoology is a collection
Zoology is acceptable.
Zoology is biology.
Zoology is science.
Zoology is treatises.
Zoology Provides general resources in zoology.
Zoology records the evolutionary history of the animal world.
A zoom lens is a camera lens
Zoom lens allows for optimally matching the magnification to the particle sizes present.
Zoom lens features repeatable zoom memory.
Zoom lenses are available.
Zoom lenses are lenses.
Zoom lenses are part of cameras.
Zoom lenses are used for photography.
Zoom lenses create a feeling of power for anyone that holds a camera.
Zoom lenses are a beautiful thing.
Zoom lenses are available in a variety of focal-length ranges.
Zoom lenses are available in a wide range of prices.
Zoom lenses are available in just about the same range of focal lengths as non-zoom lenses.
Zoom lenses are available in many focal length ranges.
Zoom lenses are ideal for a wide range of subjects, from portraits to landscapes.
Zoom lenses are indispensable for use in various size rooms and screens.
Zoom lenses are versatile and optical quality is improving.
Zoom lenses can make print legible that is extremely hard to read even in the original.
Zoom lenses have a range of focal lengths available in one lens.
Zoom lenses have a variable focal length.
Many zoom lenses are available with pre-position potentiometers.
Most zoom lenses have macro focusing, which means the lens can focus close up.
Most zoom lenses have one-touch zoom control.
ZOOM technology is a valuable tool to art buyers because now they can literally inspect an image.
Zoom technology provides a close-up look at fabric, stitching and color for any item.
Zoom text is available in the reference area, as well as carols with adjustable table height.
Zoom text is something to look at.
Zoom text reports.
A zoom is a rise
Zoom are clean, sharp and vivid.
Zoom brings high-quality digital photography closer to the mass market.
Zoom causes dragging to zoom in on the selected region.
Zoom controls how large the presentation appears on screen.
Zoom cover all angles from sweeping panoramas to action-grabbing telephoto shots.
Zoom cover everything from sweeping panoramas to action-grabbing telephoto shots.
Zoom create interactive banners and buttons with fade in and out.
Zoom creates web communications that download quickly.
Zoom does have the additional feature of a manual focusing ring.
Zoom drop down.
Zoom enlarges the screen.
Zoom features scale everything in the document to a user-selected ratio.
ZOOM gives kids a little bit of everything, all in a half hour.
Zoom hopes to enhance usability with browser-based configuration and remote software upgrades.
Zoom in is open for any suggestions or comments.
ZOOM inspires hands-on creativity, and it s more than a TV show.
ZOOM inspires hands-on creativity, and it's more than a TV show.
Zoom is Kansas City's premier specialty toy store.
Zoom is on the rudder, shutter on landing gear.
Zoom matches an impressive spec sheet with great pictures and performance.
Zoom offers fully automatic or true manual controls for focus, white balance, and exposure.
Zoom opens with an odd red shape, serrated or crenellated, and dotted with yellow spots.
Zoom Provides a menu with a variety of zoom choices.
Zoom saves bidding space, and is vital to all relay systems.
Zoom sets the focal length like a camera lens.
ZOOM shows tons of great things to do and make.
Zoom works good, too.
Zooms are convenient, but normal lenses are great learning tools for the beginning photographer.
Zooms are popular, cost more, and eat up more light than a fixed lens, but they are versatile.
Zooms are progressive changes in the lens' focal length between wide angle and telephoto.
Zooms are television stations.
Zooms create interactive banners and buttons with fade in and out.
Zooms flatten the image out.
All zooms are motor-driven, but some are more responsive than others.
Many zooms are capable of focusing at very close distances.
A zoomastigote is a protozoan
Zoomastigotes are flagellates.
Zoomastigotes are protozoans that are unicellular, heterotrophic, and have at least one flagellum.
Zoomastigotes are the ancestors to the animal kingdom.
Zoomastigotes contain at least on flagellum.
Zoomed image is to the right.
Zoomed pixels are twice as long in the x direction.
Zoomed plot shows fine grid around one of the wells.
Zoomed shots appear to have less contrast and are sometimes even too bright and rather flat.
Zoomorphic designs are next which include animal, reptile, fish and bird motifs.
Zoonoses are diseases communicable from animals to man.
Zoonoses are diseases in which the causative agents are transmitted between animals and humans.
Zoonoses are diseases of animals that can be transmitted to humans.
Zoonoses are diseases that are transmissible between animals and humans.
Zoonoses are diseases that are transmittable to humans from animals.
Zoonoses are diseases that can be transmitted between species.
Zoonoses are diseases that can be transmitted from animals to humans.
Zoonoses are diseases that can infect humans and be transmitted by an animal host.
Zoonoses are diseases that can pass from animals to humans.
Zoonoses are diseases, the infections of which can be transmitted between man and animals.
Zoonoses are infectious diseases transmitted from animals to man.
Zoonoses is the transmission of disease from animals to humans.
Zoonosis is a disease that can pass from animals to humans.
Zoonosis is a potential complication of xenotransplantation.
Zoonosis is an animal disease
Zoonosis is an infection or infestation shared in nature by humans and animals.
Zoonosis is animal diseases.
Zoonosis is diseases.
Zoonosis is extremely rare however, but hand washing is still recommended.
A zoonotic disease is an animal disease
Zoonotic diseases are a real concern for the Bristol Bay.
Zoonotic diseases are an extreme threat to public health.
Zoonotic diseases are characteristic for animals.
Zoonotic diseases are diseases that can be transmitted from animals to people.
Zoonotic diseases are infectious diseases.
Zoonotic diseases are sometimes just uncomfortable but sometimes can be life-threatening.
Zoonotic diseases are typically endemic and occur in natural foci.
Zoonotic diseases can spread from animals to humans.
Zoonotic infections are infections that occur in pets and can be transmitted to people.
Zoonotic pathogens require import permits from all agencies affected.
Zoonotic transmission is also a possibility.
Zoophobia is simple phobia
Zoophobia is the fear of animals.
Zoophytes propagate themselves in two ways.
Zooplankton biomass enhances growth.
Most zooplankton biomass enhances growth.
Zooplankton becomes food.
Zooplankton contains enzymes.
Zooplankton feeds fish.
Zooplankton feeds small fish.
Zooplankton has (part) brains.
Zooplankton has (part) cell membranes.
Zooplankton has (part) cells.
Zooplankton has (part) corpi.
Zooplankton has (part) cytoplasm.
Zooplankton has (part) ears.
Zooplankton has (part) faces.
Zooplankton has (part) heads.
Zooplankton has (part) nuclei.
Zooplankton has (part) plasma membranes.
Zooplankton has (part) sections.
Zooplankton has (part) skulls.
Zooplankton has (part) vacuoles.
Zooplankton has diets.
Zooplankton has food.
Zooplankton has offspring.
Zooplankton is an animal
Zooplankton is animals.
Zooplankton isa animal.
Zooplankton isa beast.
Zooplankton isa creature.
Zooplankton lives in oceans.
Zooplankton lives in salt water.
Zooplankton lives in water.
Zooplankton provides food.
Zooplankton transmits organisms.
Zooplanktons are microscopic organisms that eat other plankton.
Many zooplankton also undertake a daily vertical migration.
Many zooplankton are crustaceans.
Many zooplankton are larval stages of familiar animals.
Many zooplankton are marine crustaceans.
Many zooplanktons die.
Most zooplankton contains enzymes.
Most zooplankton eat smaller phytoplankton.
Most zooplankton has diets.
Most zooplankton has offspring.
Some zooplankton also rely on accumulating tiny amounts of oils, whch help serve as floatation.
Some zooplankton eats bacteria.
Some zooplankton eats plants.
Some zooplankton includes animals.
Some zooplankton includes microscopic animals.
Some zooplankton includes sea animals.
Some zooplankton is near bottoms.
Some zooplankton reaches maturity.
A zoospore is a spore
Zoospores adhere to roots, form a cyst, and germinate.
Zoospores are able to swim for hours and are attracted to organic matter or host tissue.
Zoospores are able to swim for many hours and are attracted to organic matter or host tissue.
Zoospores are biflagellate and chemotactic .
Zoospores are biflagellate.
Zoospores are bitlagellate.
Zoospores are flagellated, naked, and motile.
Zoospores are formed in most genera.
Zoospores are formed only by aquatic species or by terrestrial ones which have become flooded.
Zoospores are made in other algae also.
Zoospores are made singly in cell.
Zoospores are motile and swim about when soil moisture is high.
Zoospores are produced asexually in a sporangium.
Zoospores are produced by nearly all conf ervoid forms.
Zoospores are produced in unilocular or plurilocular sporangia.
Zoospores are produced only in the cells of the lobes.
Zoospores are similar to the sessile cells but are naked.
Zoospores are spores.
Zoospores are usually uninucleate, but binucleate zoospores have been detected.
Zoospores can attach to roots, germinate and infect the plant tissues.
Zoospores can swim for some minutes, after which time they encyst and germinate.
Zoospores can swim several feet through water or water films to infect a susceptible host.
Zoospores develop in the zoosporangia and then escape into the water.
Zoospores differentiate to become amoeba by losing flagella.
Zoospores germinate to form gametophyte.
Zoospores infect feeder roots just behind the root cap.
Zoospores infect the root behind the root tip.
Zoospores invade the root cortex, in which secondary multinucleate plasmodia develop.
Zoospores invade the tips of young fleshy roots.
Zoospores possibly escape from the cysts through pores in the cyst wall.
Zoospores settle, grow into haploid heterothallic isomorphic gametophytes.
Zoospores swim through water, contact roots of susceptible hosts, germinate, and infect.
Zoospores swim toward the root and encyst on the root surface.
Many zoospores are produced in each cell.
Zooxanthellae cells provide corals with pigmentation.
Zooxanthellae species are members of the phylum Dinoflagellata.
Zoroastrian theology is strongly dualistic.
Zoroastrian worship involves prayers and symbolic ceremonies said before a sacred fire.
Zouave page Take Another Look Click on small image to go back.
Zoysia grass does well in domes but it is slow to recover after a game.
Zoysia grass has both stolons and rhizomes.
Zoysia grass has definite disadvantages as a lawn grass in Colorado.
Zoysia grass is a turfgrass capable of surviving severe winters, summers and erratic rainfall.
Zoysia grass is another option for sun to partial shade.
Zoysia grass is slow growing and performs best when mowed every week.
Zoysia grass is susceptible to the rust diseases.
Zoysia grass is used in newly landscaped areas.
Zoysia grass is used in the temperate areas for fairways even though it is a warm season grass.
Zoysia seed has a low germination percentage, making it difficult to seed.
Zoysia seedlings are three inches high and mow as frequently as necessary for good appearance.
A zoysia is grass
Zoysia adapts to the limestone type soil pretty well.
Zoysia calls for less frequent mowings compared to most turf grasses.
Zoysia can be an acceptable turf with low fertilization.
Zoysia does best with frequent, close mowing and moderate nitrogen fertilization.
Zoysia grows best in well-drained, slightly acid soils.
Zoysia grows slow but tolerates shade better.
Zoysia has a rolled vernation as opposed to the folded vernation of bermudagrass.
Zoysia has moderate shade tolerance, good drought tolerance and excellent wear tolerance.
Zoysia is a good choice for most Southern lawns.
Zoysia is a nice lawn, but it's very expensive and slow to establish.
Zoysia is a perennial warm-season grass that tolerates wear and makes a most attractive lawn.
Zoysia is a warm season grass that turns brown early in the fall and stays brown until late spring.
Zoysia is another warm-season lawn that holds up to heat better than fescue but does get thatch.
Zoysia is grown in southern New Jersey for summer lawns on sandy soil.
Zoysia is one of the first warm season grasses to recover in the spring.
Zoysia is relatively free of insect pests.
Zoysia is rolled in the budshoot as opposed to folded in bermudagrass.
Zoysia is said to be tolerant of various soils, but it needs good drainage.
Zoysia is somewhat slower to root than bermuda and needs more time to become well established.
Zoysia is very invasive and is often a bone of contention between neighbors.
Zoysia makes a beautiful lawn with a fine to medium textured leaf.
Zoysia performs best in full sun.
Zoysia prefers a warm, sunny and well-drained growing site.
Zoysia requires little or no fertilizer and less mowing.
Zoysia spreads from both rhizomes and stolons.
Zoysia withstands heavy usage after full establishment.
Zoysias are grass.
Zoysias fall under three species categories with varieties developed from each.
ZoZa men wear the same fleece blazer as part of their suit and as a bicycle jersey.
ZP squadrons gain strength and blanket patrols from ten major bases.
Zs is sound.
ZThis topic is covered more fully in an article .
A zucchini is a vine
Zucchinis are tiny and the plants are still in bloom.
Zucchinis have a way of getting lost amid the plant's lush foliage.
Zulauf system is at least a two-step manufacturing process . . . .
Zulu warriors surround and attack the mission.
Zuma beach is a long wide sandy beach ideal for surfing conditions.
Zundapp line is much stronger and thicker than ordinary weed line.
Zyban pills are generally well tolerated.
Zyban tablets have a characteristic odor.
Zydeco bands are also more likely to include a horn section.
Zydeco boats perform like any other canoe.
Zydeco dancing appears to be evolving from a couples dance towards individual free-style.
Zydeco drummers seem to have free reign to go crazy in the middle of a vocal.
Zydeco jazz plays in the background.
Zydeco music echoes throughout.
Zydeco music is the best dance music in the world and the best party music too.
A zydeco is folk music
Zydeco brings together a sampling from some of the hottest names in zydeco music.
Zygogenetic shrimp are divided into multiple species and varieties.
A zygospore is a spore
Zygospore isa spore.
Zygospores also form when conditions become unfavorable.
Zygospores are formed between tong-like suspensors.
Zygospores are multicellular and are mostly teresterial.
Zygospores have (part) sections.
Zygospores result from the fusion of two similar hyphal elements.
Zygospores subglobose or oblong, sporoderin rather thick, even.
Zygospores subglobose, brown, even.
Some zygospores undergo meiosis.
Zygote nuclei undergo mitosis.
A zygote is a cell
Zygote divide by mitosis to form embryo.
Zygote isa cell.
Zygotes already possess the genetic information to do just that.
Zygotes are cells.
Zygotes are created by fertilization.
Zygotes are diploid and undergo cell division to become an embryo.
Zygotes are embryology.
Zygotes are passed out through the feces.
Zygotes are perfect for concerts, promotions or any event with a large energetic crowd.
Zygotes are single cells which arise by the fusion of two cells called gametes.
Zygotes can be eggs, seeds, or spores.
Zygotes develop and grow into sporophytes, and the life cycle continues.
Zygotes develop directly into polyps without an intervening planula.
Zygotes develop into planktotrophic veligers.
Zygotes develop several stages.
Zygotes divide by mitosis and develop into sporophytes so the life cycle can begin again.
Zygotes have (part) cell membranes.
Zygotes have (part) chromatin.
Zygotes have (part) chromosomes.
Zygotes have (part) corpi.
Zygotes have (part) cytoplasm.
Zygotes have (part) cytoskeletons.
Zygotes have (part) lobes.
Zygotes have (part) nuclei.
Zygotes have (part) plasma membranes.
Zygotes have (part) sections.
Zygotes have (part) vacuoles.
Zygotes have two copies of all chromosomes.
Zygotes obtain that information from parent organisms of their own kind.
Zygotes only form a separate stage if dormancy can last longer than one year.
Zygotes produced by fertilization have the normal number of chromosomes.
Zygotes start to develop whenever they settle, even if the substratum is entirely unsuitable.
Zygotes then form multinucleate protoplasmic masses, known as plasmodia.
Zygotic expression is below the detectable level during most of embryonic development.
Zygotic expression is to low to be detected during most of the embryonic development.
Zygotic genes pattern the early embryo.
Zygotic meiosis occurs in bi flagellates and slime moulds which are of cellular types.
Zygotic meiosis takes place in haploid protists soon after the zygote is formed.
Zygotic transcription is required to block a maternal program of apoptosis in Xenopus embryos.
All Zymark employees are responsible for respecting their co-workers.
ZyMAX reagents are available now, at the same price as their non-ZyMAX counterparts.
Zyplar soils are on pediments.
Zyplar soils are on rock pediments.
Zytel grip features a radial spider web pattern for control.
