Adults are usually black or brownish, and sometimes metallic or with dark wings.
Adults are usually black to dark brown, yellowish, or straw-colored.
Adults are usually black, blue-black, or greenish, and many have a metallic sheen.
Adults are usually blotchy with grey , green , or black , and have large, lidded eyes .
Adults are usually calm and well-balanced.
Adults are usually clear about career goals.
Adults are usually darker.
Adults are usually guilty of acting as a teacher or an authority.
Adults are usually hesitant either way.
Adults are usually more polite but no less observant.
Adults are usually more subtle.
Adults are usually red or orange with black spots, or black with red spots.
Adults are usually reddish with yellow spots and purple-blue bars.
Adults are usually sedentary with only some local movements to winter areas.
Adults are usually self-referred.
Adults are usually shy of divers but if they feel threatened they can become aggressive.
Adults are usually sicker.
Adults are usually silent.
Adults are usually slightly less than two metres.
Adults are usually solitary except during the mating periods.
Adults are usually solitary, staying in their burrows or shelters alone.
Adults are usually strong fliers.
Adults are usually the ones who pass tuberculosis on to children.
Adults are usually the only stage to survive winter conditions.
Adults are usually two feet long.
Adults are usually very large and strong.
Adults are usually within normal height parameters.
Adults are usually without wings.
Adults are usually yellow to pale green, and the wings are held rooflike over the body.
Adults are variable in color.
Adults are variable in coloration from brown to dull yellow.
Adults are very able to assist each other in the learning process.
Adults are very active and drop from plants or fly when disturbed.
Adults are very active fliers.
Adults are very active jumping insects.
Adults are very active, jumping or flying when disturbed.
Adults are very boring.
Adults are very busy juggling schedules and trying to find time to further their education.
Adults are very demanding learners.
Adults are very mobile and possess good host finding abilities.
Adults are very philopatric remaining near one breeding site their entire lives.
Adults are very protective of their young, probably because there is only one egg per year.
Adults are very sensitive to most chemicals.
Adults are very small sucking insects with two pairs of broadly rounded wings.
Adults are very strong fliers.
Adults are very strong flies and can travel several miles to find a blood source.
Adults are very welcome outside school holiday periods.
Adults are volunteers.
Adults are warm brown on crown and nape with a slightly duller brown on back, wings and tail.
Adults are wary and flush readily at the approach of a person.
Adults are wasp-like insects, about inch long, shiny black with yellow markings.
Adults are way overextended today.
Adults are weak fliers and often perch on streamside rocks or vegetation.
Adults are weak fliers, most are predaceous.
Adults are weclome.
Adults are weird.
Adults are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Adults are welcome any week with no registration or fee required.
Adults are welcome on all of our teams.
Adults are welcome on all trips.
Adults are welcome to attend as well.
Adults are welcome to attend.
Adults are welcome to come and watch.
Adults are welcome to compete in bar bingo.
Adults are welcome to enroll and learn the all important basics of the sport.
Adults are welcome to follow the project as supporters.
Adults are welcome to join in the adventure with their children.
Adults are welcome to join students for lunch.
Adults are welcome to join the children in class at any time.
Adults are welcome to join, too.
Adults are welcome to participate as well.
Adults are welcome to participate but they pay the same fee as the youth.
Adults are welcome to participate in story hours.
Adults are welcome to participate.
Adults are welcome to ride and all tack is provided.
Adults are welcome to share their talents as soloists and musicians with their favorite instruments.
Adults are welcome to stay too.
Adults are welcome to stay with their child and join in the activities.
Adults are welcome to watch.
Adults are welcome too.
Adults are welcome, but only as observers, so long as there is space.
Adults are welcome, too.
Adults are welcome.
Adults are well aware of the fact that they can break something.
Adults are well known for their flashing, an important part of their courtship and mating.
Adults are white and worm-like and are found in the intestines.
Adults are white butterflies with three or four black spots located on the wings.
Adults are white with a fine waxy covering on the body and wings.
Adults are white, and juveniles are light to medium gray.
Adults are white, gray, or yellowish with several large oblong spots on the back.
Adults are winged and able to fly.
Adults are winged and very active.
Adults are winged but the nymphs are wingless.
Adults are winged or wingless.
Adults are winged, but otherwise resemble nymphs.
Adults are wingless and nearly legless moths.
Adults are yellow with four black bands on the front wings.
Adults are yellowish-green with a large dark spot on each side of the abdomen.
Adults are yellow-white and together with the immature stages are found within the leaf galls.
Adults are, for the most part, self-directed.
Adults are, themselves, one of their richest resources for learning.
Adults are, too.
Adults arrive at homes.
Adults arrive back at Manly with balance of day free.
Adults arrive in Manly.
Adults ask little boys what they want to do when they grow up.
Adults assigned to the patrols help the elected leaders manage the activities of the patrols.
Adults assigned to troops often show encouragement, take pictures, videos, and hold gear.
Adults assist students with their homework during daycare.
Adults attach primarily to the ears of large animals such as deer and cattle.
Adults attack living pine trees of all sizes except seedlings.
Adults attack the foliage and chew small, round holes giving a 'shot-hole' appearance.
Adults attain a wing-span of up to seven feet.
Adults attain height.
Adults attempt to renest if the first nest is destroyed.
Adults attempt to restrict the use of toys to certain areas, like housekeeping or blocks.
Adults attend a variety of day activities, including work.
Adults attend adult education classes while children attend a quality early education program.
Adults attend and participate with children.
Adults attend day activities such as regular employment or college training.
Adults attend free.
Adults attend school because they are self-motivated to achieve individual goals.
Adults attending the class get a taste of similar lessons taught to the children.
Adults average about two to four colds a year, although the range varies widely.
Adults average only one nightmare a year, but typically have seven sexual fantasies a day.
Adults average six feet long and have been known to approach eight feet.
Adults average six hours slumber a night when more than eight is needed.
Adults average slightly less than two metres in total length.
Adults average two respiratory infections a year.
Adults average two to four a year, with a greater frequency in the parents of children.
Adults avoid excess.
Adults bask on the surface of the water or on the shore but always remain close to the water.
Adults bear a general resemblance to dragonflies with short knobbed antennae.
Adults bear a set of cerci at the tip of the abdomen.
Adults become accustomed to learning what is 'proper' and what is meets the approval of others.
Adults become active again during the first warm days in spring.
Adults become active early in the spring and mate soon after.
Adults become active early in the spring and spend most of their lives on the backs of cattle.
Adults become active in early spring and deposit their curved eggs into stems, and leaf midribs.
Adults become active in early spring and deposit their eggs into plant tissues.
Adults become active in the spring and lay eggs on leaves.
Adults become active in the spring as buds begin to swell.
Adults become active in the spring when leaves appear on the host plant.
Adults become alienated, and some children never fully recover.
Adults become like children again.
Adults become mature about three weeks after hatching.
Adults become metalic blue on body, deep yellow or orange on belly.
Adults become more susceptible to serious disease caused by common infections as they age.
Adults become paralyzed.
Adults become parents.
Adults become so battle weary and socially correct that it is hard to change their ways.
Adults become swimming-hole friends.
Adults become thinner of fatter by reducing or increasing the amount of fat in each cell.
Adults become upset with children for their acting out behavior.
Adults become very secretive while flightless.
Adults become young again when they share memories of a homeland or a childhood experience.
Adults begin egg laying in the spring and the leaves unfold.
Adults begin egg laying in the spring when the leaves start to unfold.
Adults begin emergence in the spring and are active for several months.
Adults begin feeding immediately when on the host.
Adults begin feeding on leaves and twigs in the spring.
Adults begin laying eggs in early spring.
Adults begin laying eggs in soft plant tissue soon after emergence.
Adults begin life.
Adults begin lonely life.
Adults begin parasitising aphids soon after they emerge from the pupal cocoon.
Adults begin preparation.
Adults Begin the new millennium as a non-smoker, and stay that way.
Adults begin their feeding activity in the spring.
Adults begin to emerge about the time the last petals fall from the apple blossoms.
Adults begin to emerge during bloom and the flight peaks around petal fall or shortly thereafter.
Adults begin to emerge in a few weeks and continue throughout early summer.
Adults begin to emerge in later summer.
Adults begin to emerge in spring.
Adults begin to emerge later in the summer.
Adults begin to emerge once a specific temperature is reached in the spring.
Adults begin to take a back seat.
Adults begin to view youth as community resources.
Adults behave in a responsible fashion.
Adults believe attachments are important.
Adults believe children know the difference between a real gun and a toy.
Adults believe in children's capacity to learn at high levels.
Adults believe naps are a wonderfully life-giving way to spend an hour or two of an afternoon.
Adults believe success indicates competence.
Adults bellow in courtship and hiss and snarl at unwanted guests.
Adults benefit by learning about securities trading and terminology in a fun, no-risk way.
Adults benefit by means of drag reduction when migrating in single-file queues.
Adults benefit from accelerated programs with a variety of options.
Adults benefit from fine arts, crafts, fitness, dance, athletics, bridge.
Adults benefit, too.
Adults bite during the day, particularly during midmorning and near dusk.
Adults breathe with lungs instead of gills.
Adults breed easily and eggsacs are commonly produced in captivity.
Adults breed in large congregations.
Adults bring a great deal of experience and knowledge to the classroom.
Adults bring a lifetime of experiences to share and their presence adds to the learning environment.
Adults bring a variety of experiences to their learning.
Adults bring a wealth of real world experiences into any learning situation.
Adults bring experience to training.
Adults bring food.
Adults bring their children.
Adults build compost mound in which the eggs are buried.
Adults build shelter.
Adults burrow in sand or dwell in crevices in rocks or coral.
Adults burrow through the bark and into the tree.
Adults buy most recliners.
Adults call that collaborating .
Adults can accept children without necessarily approving of their behavior.
Adults can accept such realities that derive from scientific reflection upon human life.
Adults can accomplish a whole lot more.
Adults can acquire asthma at any age.
Adults can act as role models and steer young people into positive, structured activities.
Adults can act like kids and nobody cares.
Adults can actually make things happen.
Adults can add a concentration in the fast growing field of gerontology as well.
Adults can add hot sauce to spice it up, but it was a great blend of flavors.
Adults can also be active mentally and socially.
Adults can also be very helpful as positive role models.
Adults can also become a nuisance when they move into homes in late summer and early fall.
Adults can also benefit from changing the shape and contour of the external ear.
Adults can also benefit from rinsing with fluoride.
Adults can also bring out the relationship between perimeter and area.
Adults can also choose from several elective classes.
Adults can also combine their courses with golf, horse riding, tennis, fishing and other activities.
Adults can also contract whooping cough.
Adults can also develop atopic dermatitis.
Adults can also do lookups.
Adults can also enjoy a lunch buffet here.
Adults can also enjoy pits for horse shoes and washers.
Adults can also expand or subtract the list of blocked sites.
Adults can also experience the onset of acne.
Adults can also feed, but their damage is minor.
Adults can also find themselves singing along with popular and traditional songs.
Adults can also get involved in a more direct way.
Adults can also get pertussis.
Adults can also get some instructions and track time in a variety of karts.
Adults can also get threadworms.
Adults can also help children when it comes to expressing their feelings of anger.
Adults can also join in the fun.
Adults can also learn what to look out for in food labels.
Adults can also lose weight on the diet if desired.
Adults can also play.
Adults can also point out the prevalent use of books by all of the characters.
Adults can also ride with their kids.
Adults can also set mistaken benchmarks for their self-esteem.
Adults can also ski, get lessons and race in skiing and snowboarding.
Adults can also suffer a variety of health impairments.
Adults can also suffer from encopresis though the percentage is low.
Adults can also teach children to draw on their previous experiences as a source of reassurance.
Adults can also transmit the infection to others in the family and at the workplace.
Adults can also undergo treatment to correct malocclusion.
Adults can and do learn from each other.
Adults can apply on their own behalf and for their children.
Adults can appreciate the lush colors and boldly drawn landscapes.
Adults can attach to boats or boating equipment that is in the water.
Adults can attempt to expand a child's understanding of war beyond the battlefield.
Adults can be abundant around lights in the spring of the year.
Adults can be an important source of help in teaching children how to cooperate.
Adults can be any age and in any occupation.
Adults can be as careless as children.
Adults can be common as they visit flowers like thistle and morning glory.
Adults can be just as self-conscious.
Adults can be just as stupid.
Adults can be less than  or up to .
Adults can be less than or up to .
Adults can be mentors to, role models for, and trusted friends of children and youth.
Adults can be models for young people by dealing with their own stress in a constructive manner.
Adults can be more active by volunteering or voting and they can make a difference.
Adults can be pests when they emerge in large numbers.
Adults can be so hard to talk to.
Adults can be susceptible just as children can be.
Adults can be very aggressive , but the younger tend to be more aggressive .
Adults can be very aggressive, but the younger tend to be more aggressive.
Adults can be winged or wingless.
Adults can become self-conscious and act differently knowing that they are being assessed.
Adults can begin learning signs at anytime.
Adults can benefit from learning to structure their environment.
Adults can benefit from sealants.
Adults can benefit from semi-annual gait analysis.
Adults can benefit too.
Adults can benefit with the same results.
Adults can best learn from their peers.
Adults can borrow a fun pack at the visitor center.
Adults can bring a child model.
Adults can bring their daughters, nieces, granddaughters or goddaughters to the courses.
Adults can can see results almost immediately upon the start of training.
Adults can carry heavy infections but show little evidence.
Adults can carry the bacteria in the gastrointestinal tract, genital tract, or urinary tract.
Adults can carry two full-sized luggage containers.
Adults can catch pertussis and give it to babies before they receive their immunizations.
Adults can catch the fever just as easily.
Adults can cause severe damage by chewing to regain entrance to reach their young.
Adults can choose a variety of ways to satisfy their sexual appetites with other adults.
Adults can choose for themselves, at least if they have full access to information.
Adults can choose from a large selection of breakfast, lunch and dinner items.
Adults can choose from a number of electives each quarter.
Adults can choose from a variety of art classes.
Adults can choose from four program offered at the center, one of which is art classes.
Adults can choose to become prostitutes or to work in pornography.
Adults can choose to use the entire CyberNOT filtering list, parts of the list or none of it at all.
Adults can come with or without children.
Adults can come with or without kids.
Adults can commit to one lesson or an entire week.
Adults can commute to work by train or bus.
Adults can complete the course on their own.
Adults can consult with other parents or child-rearing experts.
Adults can consume a hundred aphids a day.
Adults can consume large quantities of nitrates in drinking water or food with no known ill effects.
Adults can continue to feed on plankton but usually eat a lot of small fish as well.
Adults can contract the illness.
Adults can create a stack that makes use of photographs, text, and speech to guide children.
Adults can create optimal language learning contexts.
Adults can cruise the craft booths, demonstrations, and the food vendors.
Adults can customize the lessons to fit the toddler and print out worksheets.
Adults can deal with it.
Adults can deface walls, ceiling, curtains, and other property.
Adults can develop fever, chills, and intestinal flu-like symptoms.
Adults can develop retinoblastoma too, but it is extremely rare.
Adults can disagree without stooping to flames.
Adults can disengage lock when desired.
Adults can do many things to support language development.
Adults can do more to protect themselves from sun dangers.
Adults can do simple reasoning with children now.
Adults can dress up in period costumes to portray and tell the Anabaptist stories.
Adults can drink water with considerably higher concentrations than infants without adverse affects.
Adults can earn a bachelor's degree in Management and Communication.
Adults can easily become the slaves of routine or popular trend.
Adults can easily squeeze the cover and turn to open a door.
Adults can easily turn it off for unfiltered surfing.
Adults can easily turn the switch on, but curious children are kept from harm's way.
Adults can elect to be members of the Jewish faith community by the process of conversion.
Adults can e-mail,chat,and basically everything else.
Adults can emerge from firewood in the home and infest structural wood or furniture.
Adults can encourage children to write letters to relatives or pen pals.
Adults can encourage good behavior by rewarding it with their attention.
Adults can encourage the internalization of values by rewarding and encouraging moral behavior.
Adults can enjoy a cookie now and then too.
Adults can enjoy and appreciate the antique cars and sidewalk cafes.
Adults can enjoy beer, wine and mixed drinks.
Adults can enjoy cooking, sewing, sports, and for the country music lover, line dancing.
Adults can enjoy entertainment by a jazz duo while children meet Santa and have their photo taken.
Adults can enjoy fascinating photographs and footage of archaeologists at work in the field.
Adults can enjoy intense workouts with an emphasis on footwork and stroke production.
Adults can enjoy nature bike treks, exercise classes, volleyball, and social events.
Adults can enjoy slot machines, blackjack, poker machines and more in a casino-like setting.
Adults can enjoy summer softball leagues as well as winter volleyball and basketball leagues.
Adults can enjoy the book too.
Adults can enjoy the ocean front spa and health club.
Adults can enjoy the various presentations on endangered animals.
Adults can enjoy the various presentations on lighthouses.
Adults can enroll in daytime vocational programs for a fee.
Adults can enroll in seminars on topics such as tree pruning, herbal medicine or wild edibles.
Adults can enter the covenant as a purely legal arrangement only by faith.
Adults can enter the crawfish eating and Crazee t-shirts contests.
Adults can even develop permanent slight lung impairment as a result of a thoracoplasty.
Adults can even learn while they are at the Web site with their kids.
Adults can expect full recovery, unless brain damage is severe.
Adults can experience reversal of chronic disease with elimination of medication.
Adults can explain their pains much better.
Adults can fall prey to various hawks and owls, foxes, pine martens, and coyotes.
Adults can feel safe enough to reevaluate their beliefs.
Adults can fill their stomach in about an hour.
Adults can fly and are attracted to light.
Adults can fly and cover large areas to search for food.
Adults can fly and jump considerable distances.
Adults can fly and they are attracted to light.
Adults can fly several miles in search of a suitable host.
Adults can fly, and can penetrate most paper packaging, leaving cylindrical holes in packaging.
Adults can fly.
Adults can follow training programs to update their skills.
Adults can further boost self-esteem in themselves and in their children by using praise.
Adults can further their education in Cheyenne.
Adults can get away with dancing en pointe to a greater extent because their bones have hardened.
Adults can give a sharp, little bite if held carelessly.
Adults can give permission for access to their records to anyone they wish.
Adults can go back to work once sedation or general anesthesia no longer clouds the mind.
Adults can grow to more than four feet.
Adults can grow up to two and a half feet long.
Adults can have access to such things, but children are restricted.
Adults can have comprehension problems that range from mild to severe.
Adults can have dentigerous cysts associated with unerupted third molars.
Adults can have lots of feelings about the move, too.
Adults can have sex whenever they want.
Adults can have visual problems affecting learning, too.
Adults can help adolescents solve problems and manage their emotions in at least three ways.
Adults can help build self-esteem by providing affection and attention.
Adults can help by providing experiences that are challenging, yet achievable.
Adults can help by providing material which suits the child's interest and activity.
Adults can help children feel more in control again in several ways.
Adults can help children grieve by patiently listening and being able to tolerate feelings.
Adults can help children understand their rights, make choices and act in ways that reject bias.
Adults can help decrease the mosquito population by eating most of their larvae .
Adults can help decrease the mosquito population by eating most of their larvae.
Adults can help prevent suicide by fostering open, honest communication with teens.
Adults can help teens by supporting their efforts in an area of the teen's interest.
Adults can help to prevent teen suicide by fostering open, honest communication with teens.
Adults can help toddlers deal with conflict in two ways.
Adults can help.
Adults can identify a type of fruit by just seeing a slice of it.
Adults can improve at camp also.
Adults can increase economic self- sufficiency and empowerment.
Adults can influence other adults, too.
Adults can join as associate members.
Adults can join in the visualizations.
Adults can join in too.
Adults can join our book club.
Adults can join volleyball leagues or enroll in ceramics, crafts or stained glass classes.
Adults can judge the results and hand out a prize to the group presenting the best re-enactment.
Adults can learn about missions and do missions on trips.
Adults can learn additional languages given sufficient opportunity.
Adults can learn as beginners or practice with trainers for personal growth.
Adults can learn as much as the children because of the interesting information that was included.
Adults can learn how to read, write and speak English.
Adults can learn more quickly.
Adults can learn to make a canoe in six hours, restore a canoe and make a boat model.
Adults can learn to read English in their own home on their own time.
Adults can leave messages there for others to try to reunite.
Adults can let go of ideas, traditions, histories, and stereotypes.
Adults can link what the baby sees and hears with objects and with pictures of objects in books.
Adults can listen and respond in ways that guide children's language learning.
Adults can live a year without water, which is important because of the lack of water in the desert.
Adults can live for a year or more.
Adults can live for several months.
Adults can live for several weeks, feeding on carbohydrate sources such as nectar and fruit juices.
Adults can live for several years.
Adults can live for three or more years and lay eggs each spring.
Adults can live for three to five years.
Adults can live for two to seven weeks.
Adults can live for years and deposit thousands of eggs per day.
Adults can live one to two months without a meal and can survive up to six months with one.
Adults can live over a year without a meal.
Adults can live to be ten years old and reproduce billions of times.
Adults can live up to six months.
Adults can make significant progress, too, although there are fewer programs for older students.
Adults can make sure that everyone behaves safely in the water.
Adults can make their own decisions about hate groups, advertising, alcohol and drug endorsements.
Adults can memorize, too.
Adults can mentor youth on their boards and recruit youth from the pool for their boards.
Adults can misplace trust as easily as children.
Adults can more effectively communicate with and understand youth problems.
Adults can move up into buildings via small cracks in the foundation as they search for prey.
Adults can nest three times a year.
Adults can no more guide the children or introduce their own conventional idea on peace.
Adults can offer several wise suggestions, then let a child choose which one to use.
Adults can only get CalWORKs cash aid for five years in a lifetime.
Adults can only supervise.
Adults can only survive one to two days without a blood meal.
Adults can open it with just squeeze, but it's hard for children to maneuver.
Adults can opt for a pedalboat ride.
Adults can override the filters using passwords.
Adults can override the system at any time using their secret code.
Adults can parasitize large catfish and sturgeon, but most go for smaller suckers and trout.
Adults can partake in the museum's silent auction and yard sale.
Adults can participate as well.
Adults can participate in any of the following programs.
Adults can participate in online learning activities.
Adults can participate in ping pong, crafts, game room activities, aerobics and boxing.
Adults can participate in ping pong, crafts, game room activities, boxing and weight lifting.
Adults can participate in softball, basketball, tennis, and volleyball.
Adults can participate in softball, basketball, volleyball, and tennis leagues.
Adults can particpate in an adult choir that sings weekly.
Adults can peruse extensive legal guides and order a videotape.
Adults can pick from beef, pork, chicken or vegetarian dishes.
Adults can pile on all their favorite vegetables and turn the spice up as high as they like.
Adults can pitch horseshoes or play volleyball, badminton and basketball.
Adults can plane in moderate breezes.
Adults can play an important role by teaching young people to do things for themselves.
Adults can play an important role in helping youth balance competition and cooperation.
Adults can play tennis, horseshoes, or enjoy jogging around and through the park.
Adults can play, too.
Adults can pose as kids in children's chat rooms, which moderators sometimes struggle to detect.
Adults can pretend to be kids.
Adults can probably easily escape fire.
Adults can probably skip breakfast and eat an early lunch.
Adults can protect their health with immunizations for influenza, pneumonia and tetanus.
Adults can provide homes to meet in and money for supplies and food.
Adults can provide the example.
Adults can purchase African crafts from vendors.
Adults can purchase bubbly to sip as the festivities unfold.
Adults can pursue an interest in the past or simply indulge in nostalgia.
Adults can put their differences aside for the good of the students.
Adults can reach two feet across.
Adults can read warning labels and know that a product is hazardous.
Adults can really play it.
Adults can reasonably expect to change jobs a minimum of five times during their working years.
Adults can receive some benefits from taking calcium supplements, but the improvements are limited.
Adults can reclaim good health by changing their poor health habits.
Adults can rediscover their sense of play.
Adults can register and use it as an educational tool.
Adults can relax on the grassy slopes, play volleyball, or enjoy a game of horseshoes.
Adults can remind the children of the suggested solutions at a later time.
Adults can rent our fully equipped workspace to fix their bicycles.
Adults can repeat or reword a question to redirect the child back to the topic being discussed.
Adults can revel in seeing an old chestnut warmed over with terrific comic energy.
Adults can revisit their childhood by seeing the world through a child's perspective.
Adults can ride comfortably in the coupe's backseat thanks to generous leg, shoulder, and head room.
Adults can run bipedally on land.
Adults can run five miles or walk five kilometers.
Adults can run quickly and fight ferociously.
Adults can run very fast .
Adults can sample various kinds of exercise, games, sports, hobbies, crafts, art, music, and dance.
Adults can screen and filter their kids mail for enhanced on-line safety.
Adults can see the benefits almost immediately in their training.
Adults can set an example by practicing safe driving habits.
Adults can set up their own schedule in the day or evening at one of several convenient locations.
Adults can share their technical knowledge and experience about how the game is played.
Adults can shed up to a million eggs a day.
Adults can shop and do research online at any time day or night .
Adults can shop and enjoy a mock western shootout, while the kids pan for gold or make candles.
Adults can sign up for daily prize drawings.
Adults can simply sniff the solution.
Adults can spray a defensive fluid when startled with stings the eyes and tingles in the mouth.
Adults can squeeze into the back for short trips.
Adults can stand under the shower with eyes open.
Adults can stand up to some predators.
Adults can start the migration at vastly different times.
Adults can still relax and enjoy the health suite or visit the sea water aquarium.
Adults can still suffer effects of lead poisoning, though, as well.
Adults can structure events so that language learning can take place.
Adults can suffer adverse effects from exposure to elemental mercury .
Adults can suffer from lead-based illnesses too.
Adults can suffer from many of the same effects as children.
Adults can suffer from the initial stages of frostbite in above- freezing temperatures .
Adults can suggest appropriate ways to accomplish both, using straightforward language.
Adults can support play by providing comments that assists in maintaining focus on the play.
Adults can survive a week or more out of water.
Adults can survive for about a year without water.
Adults can survive zero weather for several hours.
Adults can take advantage of a book-sharing discussion hour.
Adults can take advantage of day or evening employment opportunities.
Adults can take advantage of the card room while children seek out the video game room.
Adults can take courses as a nondegree student.
Adults can take credit and non-credit courses in astronomy and related subjects.
Adults can take in lead any number of ways.
Adults can take individual courses, certificate courses, degree programs, etc.
Adults can take over parts.
Adults can take part in such activities as softball, basketball, exercise and line-dance classes.
Adults can take themselves to a therapist if they're feeling low.
Adults can talk to a child and also catch on early to the warnings.
Adults can talk to researchers about the importance of molecular methods in their work.
Adults can teach children the difference between feeling angry and acting on anger.
Adults can teach ways of adapting to loss by including young people in the grieving process.
Adults can testify to the pain for themselves and can give informed consent to the procedure.
Adults can then talk to the children about what they've learned.
Adults can train for new jobs from their homes.
Adults can transmit the toxin causing tick paralysis.
Adults can travel a golf course, gamble in a Las Vegas casino or look at great art.
Adults can try the two main walls.
Adults can try to grab the collar and twist hard.
Adults can turn to the various tournaments planned for the day.
Adults can understand why a blood draw is necessary and tolerate the minimal discomfort.
Adults can use bothersome media portrayals for conversation and discussion.
Adults can use it as picnic ware.
Adults can use it for devotions.
Adults can use it in the privacy of their own homes for remedial studies.
Adults can use it to get a handle on their existing expenses.
Adults can use the books the same way.
Adults can use the machine for word processing and home accounts.
Adults can use the workbooks in the same way.
Adults can usually monitor themselves or their children at home.
Adults can vary in size from a quarter-inch to more than three inches in length.
Adults can venture out to sea and swim around coastlines or between islands.
Adults can verbalize their feelings.
Adults can visit and cook while children play.
Adults can visit our Links page to go to other sites of interest.
Adults can wage culture wars against each other, or they can take practical steps to help toddlers.
Adults can wander and gain a lot of information and use the software successfully.
Adults can win books on gardening.
Adults can work on maintaining their bone density, or building it somewhat.
Adults can write and give their opinion on a specific issue.
Adults can write messages on the ruler and children can decorate with drawings, stickers, and so on.
Adults can, and do, as well.
Adults capture or collect food and return it to nest basically unprocessed.
Adults care for larvae and prepare food by chewing it and presumably mixing it with saliva.
Adults care for offspring.
Adults care for their chicks continuously through the pre-fledging period.
Adults care for their elderly parents at their home.
Adults carry burdens.
Adults carry infants.
Adults carry the Torah scrolls, children wave flags, and everybody sings.
Adults carry worm burdens.
Adults cause little damage, but new generations of nymphs increase the feeding damage.
Adults cause no harm.
Adults cause some damage, but larvae that feed on cotton bolls are more destructive.
Adults cause two types of nut damage, depending on the stage of nut development during attack.
Adults cease above-ground activity before juveniles.
Adults characteristically wave their wings outward while walking about on various substrates.
Adults chew circular holes between the leaf veins and can cause stand reductions.
Adults chew distinctive holes in the leaves that resemble curved rice grains in size and shape.
Adults chew for fun, to alleviate boredom, because it feels good.
Adults chew holes in the leaves and attack new shoots, causing stunting and multiple-branched trees.
Adults chew into the grain kernels from the outside and also to lay eggs.
Adults chew on stems and foliage.
Adults chew small pits in leaves, which later become small holes in the leaves.
Adults choose from a variety of classes based on the subject matter and approach to learning.
Adults choose from a variety of interesting classes and activities.
Adults choose from electives designed to meet their spiritual needs.
Adults choose if and when medication is needed.
Adults choose milk.
Adults choose soy milk.
Adults choose their own standards for most aspects of life.
Adults choose what is served and how it is served.
Adults choose when, how much, and what cleaning product is needed.
Adults choose where and with whom they live.
Adults chow on liquids, including blood from humans and other mammals, reptiles and other insects.
Adults clean the nest, carrying away from the nest shells and fecal sacs.
Adults clearly make a conscious decision.
Adults climbing trees also fall into that category of being odd.
Adults closely resemble false celery leaftier adults.
Adults collect nectar or other plant exudates from a large number of plants.
Adults collect necter and pollen.
Adults collect signatures for their own reasons and memories.
Adults collect various insects, which they feed to their young.
Adults come from miles around to attend literacy classes in the afternoons in the schoolhouse.
Adults come from miles around to attend literacy classes in the schoolhouse.
Adults come in every five years.
Adults come in many flavors, too.
Adults come into conditions.
Adults come into the bay to give to their young in the spring and early summer.
Adults come out of the water in early summer in big numbers.
Adults come to recharge their spiritual batteries.
Adults come without the kids to see the giant stuffed animals and animated displays.
Adults commit a million violent acts against children a year.
Adults commit almost all of the crime, and almost all of it at night.
Adults commit the same errors students often make.
Adults commit to read to their children for about a six week period.
Adults commonly apply adult motives to children's behavior.
Adults commonly catch and eat spawned eggs as they are released.
Adults commonly enter streams during the fall and feed on the eggs from other salmons' spawn.
Adults commonly infest large and medium sized animals such as dogs, deer, raccoons, and opossum.
Adults commonly live three months or more.
Adults commonly reach four to eight pounds.
Adults commonly report good days and bad days.
Adults commonly visit goldenrod flowers during daytime in late summer.
Adults communicate to the students the expectations, policies, and rules.
Adults communicate with grunts and a shrill bleat.
Adults compensate for psychomotor slowness by being more precise in other ways.
Adults compete for resources.
Adults compete for spots.
Adults complete the cycle by receiving that saliva from the young.
Adults congregate in large numbers around the face of cattle and other large ungulates.
Adults congregate in large numbers on sunny places such as the sides of buildings, fences and gates.
Adults considering life changes and retirement now use similar services.
Adults constantly use their near vision at their work.
Adults constantly use their near vision at work and play.
Adults construct a nest and care for it until the young hatch.
Adults consume any animal that can be swallowed, even snakes, bids, fish, crawfish, and other frogs.
Adults consume approximately one to two tablespoons of pellets per day.
Adults consume calories.
Adults consume diets.
Adults consume essential nutrients.
Adults consume food.
Adults consume mainly rodents.
Adults consume mammals.
Adults consume nearly one-half of all ice cream novelties.
Adults consume nutrients.
Adults consume plants.
Adults consume proteins.
Adults consume salt.
Adults consume soy food.
Adults consume vegetarian diets.
Adults contain stem cells which divide and differentiate during cell turnover or to repair damage.
Adults continue to face discrimination, particularly in jobs and housing.
Adults continue to feed during bloom and after fruit set.
Adults continue to feed on cones until they move to winter shelter.
Adults continue to feed on plankton but usually eat plenty of small fish.
Adults continue to feed through the summer, migrating to new hosts as foliage dries out.
Adults continue to feed young for some time after they leave colony.
Adults continue to grow and develop throughout life.
Adults continue to learn even as they teach.
Adults continue to molt throughout the remainder of their lives.
Adults continue to owe love and respect to their parents.
Adults continue to reproduce throughout their lives.
Adults control punishment and affection.
Adults control their own learning.
Adults count too.
Adults crave massage.
Adults crawl away after the summer.
Adults crawl in search of dogs or large animals for a blood meal.
Adults crawl or fly, mate and live for many days.
Adults create a lot of fantasy, packaged as child imagination.
Adults create community norms about alcohol use and are important models for youth.
Adults create the world children live in.
Adults create their own groups, and they influence each other s parenting methods.
Adults creep about in the wool, feeding whenever hungry.
Adults cry silent tears to honor what is too sacred to capture with language.
Adults dance around the sanctuary with the sacred scrolls.
Adults dance at noon in formal dress and there are other dances in the evening.
Adults deal with changes afterward.
Adults decide to engage themselves in changing the situation.
Adults defecate in flight and while perched.
Adults defend a small territory around the burrow.
Adults defend their nests vigorously.
Adults define what children are, and adults choose whatever definition is easy at the moment.
Adults delineate their thoughts visually.
Adults demersal on the continental slope.
Adults demonstrate activity patterns.
Adults demonstrate diurnal activity patterns.
Adults demonstrate diurnal patterns.
Adults demonstrate patterns.
Adults demonstrate tendencies.
Adults depart Manly.
Adults depend more on older plants for both roosting sites and nectar.
Adults depend on cooperation.
Adults depending on species can grow up to ca.
Adults deposit eggs in leaves and stems from punctures made by mouth parts.
Adults deposit eggs in the galls as they feed.
Adults deposit eggs in the top inch or two of soil, often in small clusters.
Adults deposit eggs in the top inch or two of soil.
Adults deposit eggs on mud or sand, and about a week later larvae emerge.
Adults deposit eggs on the anthers of flower buds or in immature fruits.
Adults deposit the eggs over rocks in swift water areas.
Adults deprived of Vitamin D develop a similar disease called osteomalacia.
Adults derive benefits.
Adults deserve good fairy tales, too.
Adults deserve the right to decide.
Adults deserve to live secure lives, free from the constant threat of death from a curable illness.
Adults desire to learn, change and grow throughout their lives.
Adults determine the needs and priorities for children because they feel they know best.
Adults develop a casque on the head, which is larger in males.
Adults develop conditions.
Adults develop from pupae and cut their way out of squares or bolls.
Adults develop joint pains, especially in the knees, more often than a rash.
Adults develop long gray-white plumes on chest, neck, and back during breeding.
Adults develop neurological conditions.
Adults develop protuberances over the eyes that enlarge with age.
Adults develop two pair of wings and the abdomen lengthens and narrows for flight.
Adults develop yellow highlights along their sides.
Adults develop, change, and grow.
Adults developed by parthogenesis are haploid.
Adults die after eggs have been deposited.
Adults die after mating and egg laying.
Adults die after spawning.
Adults die faster.
Adults die in curled state.
Adults die shortly after spawning.
Adults die soon after spawning, the eggs hatching about two weeks later.
Adults die soon after the spring ovioposition period.
Adults die within a few weeks.
Adults die within a week or two of emerging.
Adults die within two weeks without food and water.
Adults differ in appearance, males being brown with a fine, darker brown pattern on the wings.
Adults differ in how much they talk to children about school.
Adults differ in the structure of the prothorax, hind wing, abdomen, ovary, testes, and so on.
Adults differentiate between real violence and choreographed violence.
Adults dig free female orgasms tapes.
Adults dig into the soil to a depth of several inches and emerge in the spring.
Adults dig short burrows for shelter during the night and much longer burrows to overwinter.
Adults discover that for every pound dropped they pick up a ton of self-worth.
Adults disperse seeking feeding and reproduction sites.
Adults disperse widely after emerging before mating and laying eggs.
Adults display a significant amount of individual variation.
Adults display more subtle signs of copper deficiency.
Adults display nocturnal habits at times during the dry part of late summer.
Adults dive for food, pursuing prey underwater, or searching the bottom.
Adults do cause foliar damage to a wide variety of trees, but the most damaging stage is the larva.
Adults do feed.
Adults do have a more attractive dorsal-fin pattern, a myriad of wavy lines.
Adults do have chances.
Adults do have reasonable chances.
Adults do indeed enjoy playing video games.
Adults do it with cars, houses. and minks.
Adults do it.
Adults do occasionally throw up in public and the world goes on.
Adults do the most damage.
Adults do the same thing.
Adults do too.
Adults don ' t see the reality, and get angry when they hear it.
Adults don t do much better.
Adults don t exercise enough, either.
Adults don t like to be held any better.
Adults don t usually hear it, but children do.
Adults donate labor that makes a difference to the organizations they serve.
Adults dream they can fly first class.
Adults dress up in costumes and go to parties.
Adults drink alcohol and smoke cigarettes.
Adults drink flower nectar.
Adults drink nectar and eat pollen.
Adults drink nectar and eats honey.
Adults drink nectar and larva feed on cicadas.
Adults drink nectar and larva feed on nectar and pollen.
Adults drink nectar and the larva feed on camel crickets and long horned grasshoppers.
Adults drink nectar and the larva feed on nectar and pollen.
Adults drink nectar from dandelions, milkweeds, goldenrods, and asters.
Adults drink nectar from flowers for energy.
Adults drink nectar, fruit juices, and possibly eat other insects.
Adults drink nectar.
Adults drink the juices of rotting fruit using their straw-like proboscis.
Adults drink the juices of rotting fruit.
Adults drink the nectar of horsemint, butterflyweed, and bachelors button.
Adults drink water.
Adults drinking fluoridated water can also expect to have less decay.
Adults drive just as bad or even worse that kids.
Adults drop off the animal and are non-parasitic.
Adults drown under different conditions.
Adults earn credit for knowledge they already have and take high-quality, distance learning courses.
Adults eat a variety of invertebrates and occasionally their own larvae.
Adults eat a wide variety of fish, crustaceans and larger insects.
Adults eat animal food.
Adults eat animals.
Adults eat any fish available.
Adults eat aquatic weeds, insects, algae and manufactured food.
Adults eat balance meals.
Adults eat both aquatic and terrestrial invertebrates.
Adults eat buds and unfolding leaves, causing leaves to be ragged and tattered.
Adults eat bugs, fish, tadpoles, each other, and frogs.
Adults eat but their larva are the big eaters of aphids, mealy bugs, soft scales and spider mites.
Adults eat chocolate.
Adults eat crayfish, small fish, snails, insects, worms, and tadpoles.
Adults eat crickets, and other large insects.
Adults eat crickets, mealworms, woodlice, other large insects, and an occasional pinkie mouse.
Adults eat crickets, moths, other large insects, and an occasional small lizard.
Adults eat crickets, other large insects, and an occasional pinkie mouse.
Adults eat crickets, other large insects, small lizards, and an occasional pinkie mouse.
Adults eat dead plants and animals and insects.
Adults eat developing buds.
Adults eat diets.
Adults eat earthworms, slugs, and various arthropods.
Adults eat fish primarily, but occasionally consume small muskrats, ducks and other live food.
Adults eat fish, turtles, and small and large herbivores.
Adults eat fish.
Adults eat flower nectar, and the larvae feed on vegetation.
Adults eat food.
Adults eat fruit.
Adults eat insects or small animals, especially mollusks, worms, and other amphibians.
Adults eat insects or small animals.
Adults eat insects, worms, and occasionally small frogs and fish.
Adults eat kangaroo rats, other desert rodents and lizards.
Adults eat large quantities of snails.
Adults eat larger prey.
Adults eat leaves, leaving small dimple-type scars.
Adults eat mainy small mammals.
Adults eat many midges.
Adults eat masses of burrs which entangle sheep wool.
Adults eat matter.
Adults eat meals.
Adults eat most flying insects including mosquitoes.
Adults eat mostly minnows, suckers and shad.
Adults eat nectar.
Adults eat normal diets.
Adults eat phytoplankton, leaves, stems, rooted aquatic vegetation and manufactured food.
Adults eat phytoplankton, zooplankton, insects and other bottom organisms.
Adults eat plant food.
Adults eat rotten fruit rather than nectaring flowers.
Adults eat roughly circular holes in leaves.
Adults eat small fish and crustaceans.
Adults eat small fish, insects, detritus, and fish eggs and larvae.
Adults eat small insects.
Adults eat small invertebrates, their eggs, and organic matter.
Adults eat small, rough circular holes into the expanding leaves.
Adults eat the baby fishes.
Adults eat the leaves and flower buds of lilies and other members of the lily family.
Adults eat the leaves and the larvae bore into stems and roots.
Adults eat the nectar of flowers from a variety of plants.
Adults eat the rosette leaves and then the female lay eggs in the rosettes and leaf stalks.
Adults eat voraciously, consuming a variety of crustacea and fish.
Adults eat worms, snails, and crayfish.
Adults eat zooplankton and phytoplankton, and graze on bottom organisms.
Adults eat zooplankton, phytoplankton and manufactured food.
Adults eclose , or emerge from their cocoons, in the morning.
Adults eliminate about a quart and a half of urine each day.
Adults emerge a short time later, depending on the weather and the time of year.
Adults emerge a week or so later and the cycle is complete.
Adults emerge about one week later.
Adults emerge about the time of grape bloom and often cause extensive damage to foliage.
Adults emerge about two weeks after pupation to mate and lay eggs.
Adults emerge after pupation and egg laying begins shortly thereafter.
Adults emerge after two days of pupation and begin feeding.
Adults emerge and a second generation begins and sometimes even a third.
Adults emerge and feed on plants causing significant damage on some.
Adults emerge and fly around in retail shops, homes, or offices and are therefore a nuisance.
Adults emerge and lay eggs between pink and petal fall.
Adults emerge and lay eggs near other crops, weeds, or corn.
Adults emerge and mate in summer.
Adults emerge and resume feeding on flowers, buds, and terminal foliage.
Adults emerge and seeking mates and food.
Adults emerge and start the cycle over.
Adults emerge and walk or fly to the water.
Adults emerge by pushing the flap back on the kernels.
Adults emerge continuously throughout the warm months.
Adults emerge during late pink and early bloom.
Adults emerge early in spring.
Adults emerge early in the season as buds start to break.
Adults emerge early in the spring and begin feeding on weed hosts such as cocklebur.
Adults emerge five or six days after pupation and can live as long as two to three years.
Adults emerge five or six weeks after pupation and can live as long as two to three years.
Adults emerge from a T-shaped crack on the back of the pupa.
Adults emerge from canes in late spring.
Adults emerge from chambers.
Adults emerge from fifth instar nymphs.
Adults emerge from hide places.
Adults emerge from overwintering material and fly to find new hosts in spring.
Adults emerge from overwintering, moving into bean fields as the seedlings emerge.
Adults emerge from places.
Adults emerge from pupae to start the cycle once again.
Adults emerge from puparium in the morning.
Adults emerge from soil in the spring.
Adults emerge from submerged pupae hungry, swarming and feeding on blood of host animals.
Adults emerge from summer resting places in the fall.
Adults emerge from the cocoons and look similar to flies.
Adults emerge from the ground during early summer.
Adults emerge from the ground in late spring to early summer, mate and lay eggs in lawns.
Adults emerge from the leaves the following spring, just after new growth occurs on boxwoods.
Adults emerge from the pulpal cells in the fall.
Adults emerge from the pupa and are ready to feed and reproduce.
Adults emerge from the pupa and seek a host to feed and reproduce.
Adults emerge from the pupa through a T-shaped slit about a month from the time the egg was laid.
Adults emerge from the pupae after approximately four to seven days.
Adults emerge from the pupae and attack fruit in late spring and summer.
Adults emerge from the pupae and begin feeding, mating and laying eggs.
Adults emerge from the pupae and fly to seek a mate.
Adults emerge from the pupae and remain in the soil until the following spring.
Adults emerge from the pupae mate and begin the cycle again.
Adults emerge from the pupae onto the water surface where their exoskeleton hardens.
Adults emerge from the pupae, and in about four days begin laying eggs.
Adults emerge from the pupae, leave the water and take to the air.
Adults emerge from the pupae, mainly in spring, and mate.
Adults emerge from the pupae, mate and begin the cycle again.
Adults emerge from the pupae.
Adults emerge from the pupal case through a slit and float to the surface on a bubble of air.
Adults emerge from the pupal case, rise to the water surface, unfold their wings and fly away.
Adults emerge from the pupal case, rise to water's surface, unfold their wings and fly away.
Adults emerge from the pupal cases approximately three weeks later.
Adults emerge from the pupal stage in early fall.
Adults emerge from the soil during late spring to early summer.
Adults emerge from the soil in late spring or early summer, depending on the species.
Adults emerge from the soil in mid summer.
Adults emerge from the soil in midsummer and feed in groups for about five weeks.
Adults emerge from the soil in spring and fly to vineyards to feed and mate.
Adults emerge from the soil in the early evening.
Adults emerge from the soil in three to four weeks.
Adults emerge from the soil throughout the year.
Adults emerge from the soil, move into the trees, and if fruit is present, start the process over.
Adults emerge from the soil, seek a host and mate as conspecifics gather on the host.
Adults emerge from their pupal skins at the water surface.
Adults emerge in a week or so and feed before finding shelter for the winter.
Adults emerge in a week or two.
Adults emerge in about eight days and lay second generation eggs.
Adults emerge in about seven days, mate, and females deposit eggs about three days after emerging.
Adults emerge in about three weeks depending on temperature.
Adults emerge in about two weeks.
Adults emerge in early spring and lay eggs in masses on undersides of larger limbs.
Adults emerge in early spring and lay eggs in slits in current or previous years' needles.
Adults emerge in early spring in North Carolina and lay eggs on the undersides of azalea leaves.
Adults emerge in early spring, and in the wild, they nest in a wide array of pre-existing cavities.
Adults emerge in four to thirty days, mate, and females lay the next generation of eggs.
Adults emerge in late spring and search out hosts.
Adults emerge in late summer and feed on grape foliage.
Adults emerge in late summer.
Adults emerge in midsummer and lay overwintering eggs.
Adults emerge in midsummer.
Adults emerge in one to two weeks following the moon tides.
Adults emerge in one to two weeks unless the pupal stage remains through the winter.
Adults emerge in seven to ten days.
Adults emerge in spring after host plants have developed leaves and mate.
Adults emerge in spring and eggs are deposited singly on the undersides of leaves.
Adults emerge in spring and lay eggs in developing buds.
Adults emerge in spring with time of emergence varying by race.
Adults emerge in summer of the following year.
Adults emerge in summer to lay more eggs, beginning the cycle anew.
Adults emerge in summer.
Adults emerge in the early to mid-spring, mate and lay eggs.
Adults emerge in the mid to late summer months.
Adults emerge in the spring and early summer, living two to three months.
Adults emerge in the spring and mate.
Adults emerge in the spring and seek host plants.
Adults emerge in the spring and summer depending on the species.
Adults emerge in the spring as early beans are being planted.
Adults emerge in the spring from the soil where they wintered.
Adults emerge in the spring to repeat the cycle.
Adults emerge in the spring, leaving oval or rectangular exit holes.
Adults emerge in the spring, mate and fly to a suitable host plant.
Adults emerge in the spring, mate and lay eggs at the base of developing grass or grain crops.
Adults emerge in the spring, mate and lay eggs inside the veins on the underside of infested plants.
Adults emerge in the spring, mate and lay eggs on the needles.
Adults emerge in the spring.
Adults emerge in the summer and can be seen for nearly two months in an area.
Adults emerge in the summer, feed, mate and produce new nesting burrows.
Adults emerge in two to three weeks.
Adults emerge in under two weeks and return to the water.
Adults emerge just as hawthorns are beginning to leaf out.
Adults emerge one to two weeks after pupation.
Adults emerge one to two weeks later.
Adults emerge only in the early morning and are active only during the day.
Adults emerge seven to ten days later.
Adults emerge several days after pupation and can live for more than one year.
Adults emerge several days later.
Adults emerge spring to summer.
Adults emerge the following spring after wintering in litter beneath the tree.
Adults emerge through a round hole cut in the sides of the canes.
Adults emerge through circular exit holes in the wood and are present during the summer.
Adults emerge through the original entry hole.
Adults emerge throughout the warm months of the year.
Adults emerge to mate and disperse.
Adults emerge to repeat the cycle with two generations normally produced each year.
Adults emerge to repeat the cycle, with two generations normally produced each year.
Adults emerge to start the second generation.
Adults emerge with the first winter rains and shortly afterwards begin to breed and lay their eggs.
Adults emerge within a few weeks following pupation.
Adults emerge within about three weeks to begin a new cycle.
Adults emerging from cocoons can begin feeding immediately if a host is present.
Adults engage in both terrestrial and arboreal foraging.
Adults engage in foreplay, but get interrupted before it leads to sex.
Adults engage in it as well.
Adults engage in Torah-based discussions.
Adults enjoy a bit of glamour and spice.
Adults enjoy benefits.
Adults enjoy bugs of many sorts, meal worms, and earthworms.
Adults enjoy casual play periodically.
Adults enjoy films.
Adults enjoy golf privileges and the glorious Carolina sunshine.
Adults enjoy healthy life.
Adults enjoy healthy sex life.
Adults enjoy it as much as the children do.
Adults enjoy it because it provides stress relief with an overall light, tingling feeling.
Adults enjoy it too.
Adults enjoy juice.
Adults enjoy life.
Adults enjoy lively night time entertainment such as dancing, live music and bowling.
Adults enjoy many of the same activities.
Adults enjoy mulled wine and mince pies.
Adults enjoy our beginning and advanced adult pottery classes.
Adults enjoy our queen size beds, kids sleep in bunkbeds.
Adults enjoy quiet and relaxing shoreline tours while getting in a little exercise.
Adults enjoy receiving gifts of stock as well.
Adults enjoy sweet juice.
Adults enjoy the humor, social commentary and depth of the character.
Adults enjoy the sport as well.
Adults enjoy theatrical productions, cabarets, concerts and monthly fine art exhibits.
Adults enjoy working the cows during our team penning.
Adults enroll in a basic computer class to enhance their technical skills.
Adults enter homes.
Adults enter the water in the spring to breed, with eggs being laid singly on water plants.
Adults especially prefer land-fast ice and juveniles stray out to the fringes and pack ice.
Adults establish homes.
Adults everywhere are discovering that education is no longer an option, it is in fact a necessity.
Adults evolve from child, for adults are never born.
Adults evolve from their ungodly image children.
Adults excrete a special substance that contains the symbionts and feed it to the larvae.
Adults exercise more.
Adults exhibit blood pressure.
Adults exhibit bright wing color patterns to signal their distastefulness to potential predators.
Adults exhibit expression.
Adults exhibit lower survival.
Adults exhibit more severe symptoms while infants usually show no signs.
Adults exhibit movement.
Adults exhibit pressure.
Adults exhibit strong emotions when charged with the care of infants.
Adults exhibit survival.
Adults exist in subterranean refugia most of the year.
Adults expect children to be children.
Adults expect the answers they get to be correct and work.
Adults expect their learning to be practical and relevant.
Adults expect things to break.
Adults experience death.
Adults experience growth.
Adults experience high humidity.
Adults experience humidity.
Adults explore so much of our world through our sense of sight.
Adults express memory.
Adults express their feelings more with words, but are able to use the full spectrum if necessary.
Adults face discrimination at work and challenges in relationships.
Adults fail to realize the effect their size has on small children.
Adults familiarize children with the names and contents of the areas.
Adults fare less well.
Adults feed above ground and deposit eggs in the stems of host grasses.
Adults feed after emergence and overwinter in the rosettes.
Adults feed almost only on fish , although some individuals have been known to eat dead animals .
Adults feed almost only on fish, although some individuals have been known to eat dead animals.
Adults feed and are active largely at night.
Adults feed and hide in upland habitats of sandy scrubland and wooded terraces.
Adults feed and mate soon after leaving their pupal case.
Adults feed and produce large quantity of flour.
Adults feed and transmit the virus.
Adults feed animals.
Adults feed at night and drop from the plant, feigning death when disturbed.
Adults feed at night and hide during the day.
Adults feed at night and notch foliage and flowers.
Adults feed at night and prefer wilted foliage.
Adults feed at night on the leaves of a great variety of plants.
Adults feed at twig crotches of healthy elms, infecting the tree with Dutch elm disease.
Adults feed between the leaf veins, resulting in longitudinal streaks on the leaves.
Adults feed by attaching parasitically to various species of fish such as salmon or sharks.
Adults feed by chewing completely through the leaves, creating narrow slits.
Adults feed by filtering out small particles from the water.
Adults feed every one to two days.
Adults feed extensively on the plant when they emerge in the spring.
Adults feed for about a month, then mate and the female lays eggs.
Adults feed heavily on fish, frogs, and aquatic invertebrates.
Adults feed in the crown of the tree, moving from tree to tree before breeding again.
Adults feed largely on other fish as well as frogs, crayfish, mice, muskrats, and ducklings.
Adults feed mainly on fish and snakes , but also eat amphibians and small mammals .
Adults feed mainly on wild avocados.
Adults feed more than once a day on fresh animal blood.
Adults feed mostly at night on fish, crabs, turtles, snakes, and small mammals.
Adults feed mostly on new needles of various pines, eating notches just above the sheath.
Adults feed occasionally during the summer.
Adults feed on a wide range of species as carrion.
Adults feed on a wide variety of food sources.
Adults feed on ants, termites, tiny beetles, and other small leaf litter arthropods.
Adults feed on bark, leaves, and leaf petioles.
Adults feed on beetles, centipedes, slugs, worms, and other invertebrates.
Adults feed on blood, and females deposit eggs only after a blood meal.
Adults feed on blood.
Adults feed on both upper and lower leaf surfaces in a skeletonizing manner.
Adults feed on broken grain kernels and flours.
Adults feed on carrion in the early stages of decomposition and are attracted to lights at night.
Adults feed on carrot, beet, parsnip, pepper, cabbage and turnip.
Adults feed on clidemia leaves, producing a ragged feeding strip, whereas larvae are leaf miners.
Adults feed on cotyledons and leaves, making distinct round holes .
Adults feed on decaying plant and animal matter, manure, and solubles such as sugars.
Adults feed on dichondra leaves, producing distinctive crescent marks on the upper surface.
Adults feed on facial secretions-tears, nasal mucus, saliva, blood from wounds.
Adults feed on fish and small crustaceans .
Adults feed on fish.
Adults feed on flower nectar and sap exudates.
Adults feed on flower nectar from a wide variety of flowers.
Adults feed on flowers, leaves, fruit and vegetables.
Adults feed on flowers.
Adults feed on foiliage producing the characteristic shot-hole damage.
Adults feed on foliage and fruit of a variety of plants.
Adults feed on foliage and fruit.
Adults feed on foliage and remove large scallops from the leaves.
Adults feed on foliage for several days before beginning oviposition.
Adults feed on foliage, leaf stems, and buds.
Adults feed on foliage.
Adults feed on fruit buds and flower parts.
Adults feed on fruit.
Adults feed on fruits, stalks, and leaves.
Adults feed on ground-dwelling insects and arthropods.
Adults feed on honeydew, pollen and nectar.
Adults feed on insects and invertebrates and have few natural enemies.
Adults feed on insects and small fish.
Adults feed on insects, snails, crayfish, and small fish.
Adults feed on invertebrates, small mammals and other amphibians like the small tree frog.
Adults feed on juices from decaying or damaged fruit, nectars, plant sap and bird feces.
Adults feed on large mammals, including deer, dogs, and humans.
Adults feed on larger crustaceans such as euphausiids, fishes, and cephalopods.
Adults feed on leaves at night.
Adults feed on leaves but larvae bore into leafy spurge roots, causing the majority of plant damage.
Adults feed on leaves of the plants, but do little damage.
Adults feed on leaves, stems, and fruit, and spread bacterial wilt and squash mosaic.
Adults feed on leaves, stems, and fruit.
Adults feed on liquids.
Adults feed on manure and animal secretions with their sponging mouthparts.
Adults feed on many garden plants in addition to cucurbits.
Adults feed on mysid shrimps and small fishes.
Adults feed on nectar and pollen.
Adults feed on nectar and probably serve a minor beneficial role by pollinating flowers.
Adults feed on nectar and sip from mud.
Adults feed on nectar from a variety of brightly colored native flowers.
Adults feed on nectar from a variety of flowers with a particular fondness for thistles.
Adults feed on nectar from milkweeds, thistles, clover and other prairie flowers.
Adults feed on nectar from numerous wild flowers.
Adults feed on nectar using highly specialized tubular proboscis.
Adults feed on nectar while larvae live in rotten wood.
Adults feed on nectar while the larvae, or maggots are internal parasites of earthworms.
Adults feed on nectar, honey dew, and other opportunistic sources of liquid or semi-liquid food.
Adults feed on nectar, pollen and honeydew to stimulate their reproductive process.
Adults feed on nectar.
Adults feed on nectar-bearing shrubs and trees.
Adults feed on oak and can be found patrolling the canyons and gulches.
Adults feed on organisms on the surface of the water or scavenge debris.
Adults feed on organisms on the water surface or by scavenging debris.
Adults feed on over-ripe fruit like peaches and sometimes on peach leaves.
Adults feed on plant nectar if they feed at all.
Adults feed on pollen and nectar collected in open corollae of numerous plants.
Adults feed on pollen and nectar with coiled, siphoning mouthparts.
Adults feed on pollen, especially of goldenrod, and larvae bore and feed in black locust.
Adults feed on pollen, nectar and aphid honeydew.
Adults feed on pollen, plant nectar, and aphid honeydew.
Adults feed on ripening seed until they seek overwintering quarters.
Adults feed on ripening seeds until they seek overwintering quarters.
Adults feed on rose buds and on shoot tips, resulting in damaged petals and dead shoot tips.
Adults feed on rose flowers and foliage.
Adults feed on rotting fruit, tree sap and carrion.
Adults feed on sap and liquids.
Adults feed on sap flows, decaying fruits, and dung.
Adults feed on seedling trees and the branches of larger trees.
Adults feed on seedlings and foliage.
Adults feed on shoots and upper surfaces of leaves.
Adults feed on shrimp and bivalves and are eaten by humans, harbor seals, and sea lions.
Adults feed on silks disrupting pollination if extensive silk clipping occurs prior to pollen shed.
Adults feed on small fish and insects.
Adults feed on small fishes, octopuses, shrimps and crabs.
Adults feed on small plankton that they capture with their stinging cells, or nematocysts.
Adults feed on small planktonic organisms caught on the sticky mucus-covered tentacles.
Adults feed on soft fruit.
Adults feed on stems and the undersides of leaves.
Adults feed on stems but cause no major damage.
Adults feed on sugar.
Adults feed on terminals of seedling cotton before squares are available.
Adults feed on the blood of large mammals such as deer, dogs, coyotes, horses, and humans.
Adults feed on the buds and bark to a limited extent.
Adults feed on the foliage of host plants.
Adults feed on the foliage of sweetclover, and larvae feed on the roots.
Adults feed on the foliage.
Adults feed on the leaves and bark of young branches, causing considerable damage.
Adults feed on the leaves causing a ragged appearance.
Adults feed on the leaves.
Adults feed on the nectar of flowering plants.
Adults feed on the nectar of many flowers, especially thistles.
Adults feed on the newly opened leaves, rupturing individual plant cells.
Adults feed on the nuts until the shell begins to harden and then they begin laying eggs.
Adults feed on the second host during the summer and mate.
Adults feed on the upper surface of foliage, chewing out tissue between the veins.
Adults feed on tree foliage.
Adults feed on young flush which is necessary for egg development.
Adults feed on young pods, and females deposit eggs in small holes eaten through the pods.
Adults feed on young shoots and flower buds.
Adults feed only on nectar, pollen, and aphid honeydew, but their larvae are active predators.
Adults feed opportunistically on fish, squid and eels.
Adults feed predominantly on fish and crustaceans.
Adults feed primarily at night and hide in soil or mulch during the day.
Adults feed primarily on crayfish, fishes, frogs, and salamanders.
Adults feed primarily on crayfish, fishes, sirens, frogs, and salamanders.
Adults feed primarily on sedges , grasses and moss.
Adults feed puppies who are too old to nurse but too young to hunt for themselves by regurgitation.
Adults feed six to eight hours a day, in one and two hour sittings.
Adults feed the young rails for a few days until they begin foraging on their own.
Adults feed their chicks a secretion of the upper digestive tract referred to as milk.
Adults feed throughout the summer on leaves, defoliating the plant and weakening it.
Adults feed upon organic vegetation.
Adults feed upon the nectar of flowers of a number of cultivated and wild plants.
Adults feed very little, consuming only liquids, such as water or flower nectar.
Adults feed young pups with meat regurgitated from kills.
Adults feeding on buds cause the major damage.
Adults feel better letting junior sailors take the boat out.
Adults feel it has to be sweetened, simplified and can only deal with simple concepts and phrasing.
Adults feel that it is morally imperative to intervene when the teasing is really cruel and ongoing.
Adults feel the children are needed to help grow the food rather than go to school.
Adults feels shame and horror at their inability to do things that children easily do.
Adults file in at night for continuing education.
Adults find everything moves so fast.
Adults find excitement and indulgence.
Adults find it more effective to concentrate their learning on one subject at a time.
Adults find pleasure in deceiving a child.
Adults find resources.
Adults find shelter.
Adults find spots.
Adults find suitable spots.
Adults find the joys of childhood much closer than they remember.
Adults find the noise intrusive.
Adults find the same.
Adults find themselves cheerfully overcoming ingrained rhythmic phobias.
Adults find themselves isolated and disempowered within society.
Adults first feed on developing buds, flowers, shucks, and setting fruit.
Adults fly about to find mates.
Adults fly above the forest canopy.
Adults fly and lay eggs in late summer, often inside old, previously mined needles.
Adults fly at night and are attracted to light.
Adults fly during the day and feed on over-ripe fruit.
Adults fly during the day, especially in the afternoon.
Adults fly earlier in the evening than green lacewings.
Adults fly from ocean feeding areas to inland nest sites, mostly at dusk and dawn.
Adults fly from overwintering sites and begin feeding on host plants.
Adults fly in large numbers and buzz like bumblebees.
Adults fly in large numbers at sunset near standing bodies of water.
Adults fly infrequently and lay eggs in the sand.
Adults fly into fields, feed, mate, and lay eggs that hatch into larvae.
Adults fly into fields, where they feed on foliage.
Adults fly mainly at night.
Adults fly mainly during daylight hours and feed on nectar and other moisture sources.
Adults fly most freely during calm weather or when there are gentle breezes.
Adults fly or jump when disturbed and often gather on the corn plant in the center of the whorl.
Adults fly or jump when disturbed.
Adults fly readily and are often gone before symptoms appear.
Adults fly south before juveniles.
Adults fly to different trees in order to mate.
Adults fly to nectar plants in open fields and brushy areas.
Adults fly to trees, mate, and lay eggs.
Adults fly when disturbed and are difficult to observe in the field.
Adults focus on own survival.
Adults focus on survival.
Adults focus on teaching and assisting different visual and performing arts workshops.
Adults focus on teaching creative arts, special hobbies, and athletic workshops.
Adults follow a Bible study series.
Adults follow diets.
Adults follow vegetarian diets.
Adults forget that children are saddled with untold insecurities, doubts and misgivings.
Adults form a single plastral hinge.
Adults form balls of manure, which are rolled away from the source and buried.
Adults form bonds.
Adults form colonies with harems consisting of an adult male and several females and their infants.
Adults form huge schools near the surface over sandy or muddy bottoms and dense vegetation.
Adults form our choir and serve as lay readers, welcomers, and ushers.
Adults form societies.
Adults form sporangia under the cute bushy tails and leave the spore everywhere.
Adults form the government.
Adults gain a new appreciation of youth as valuable community resources.
Adults gain ability.
Adults gain poise, relieves stress and adds grace to their movements.
Adults gain recognition for their wisdom and perspective gained over the years.
Adults gather for a variety of classes.
Adults gather for spiritual enrichment and recreation.
Adults gather in a protective wall to keep the calves safe from predator attacks and severe storms.
Adults gather in large numbers to over-winter.
Adults gather nectar from flowers.
Adults gather to share about and reflect on the sermon and scripture of the day.
Adults gather to study a significant theological work.
Adults generally admit that kids know more than they do about the Internet.
Adults generally are too minute to be easily noticed, and are active diurnally and evenings.
Adults generally are too minute to be easily noticed, and are active diurnally and in the evenings.
Adults generally arrive before juveniles and there is a lull between the generational waves.
Adults generally choose from at least one Bible study class and one current issues class.
Adults generally complain of pain, joint stiffness, and progressive deformity.
Adults generally drink wine or beer.
Adults generally fall into one of the following categories.
Adults generally feed at night on foliage and flowers.
Adults generally feed during the night and are considered to be more damaging.
Adults generally feed on large mammals, including humans.
Adults generally feed on nectar and pollen , some being important pollinators .
Adults generally feed on nectar and pollen, some being important pollinators.
Adults generally feed on nectar and pollen.
Adults generally feed on the leaf margins which creates a feathery appearance of the foliage.
Adults generally fly quickly from the water.
Adults generally form long lasting, perhaps even monogamous, pairs.
Adults generally have a pale yellow patch on the crown of the head.
Adults generally have several choices of classes.
Adults generally have short, sleek, golden evenly-coloured fur.
Adults generally hide beneath boards, stones and logs.
Adults generally live for a year or less.
Adults generally live for a year.
Adults generally live for just a few weeks.
Adults generally localise the level of the food sticking in the food pipe quite accurately.
Adults generally lose weight as chicks grow and present increasing food demands.
Adults generally meet only to court and mate and carve out large territories for themselves.
Adults generally migrate to garden mums when they are placed outdoors.
Adults generally prefer other adults or teenagers, and baby bunnies do best with another youngster.
Adults generally prefer to feed on the youngest plant tissue available.
Adults generally recover within two to four weeks.
Adults generally spend time telling children what to do or teaching facts.
Adults generally tend to be found at higher altitudes than juveniles.
Adults generally turn gray to brown, with little banding remaining.
Adults generally use less water than teenagers and young children.
Adults get a big surprise when they too can be like kids on their special day.
Adults get a large drink in place of the toy.
Adults get a laugh, and a chotchke or two.
Adults get adequate nutrition.
Adults Get an enrollment form for each adult.
Adults get anxious or depressed by social isolation, relationship problems or emotional trauma.
Adults get away from normal routines and pose questions of a lifetime.
Adults get breakouts too.
Adults get coaching in reading, as well as access to books and activities they share with kids.
Adults get continuing protection from diphtheria and tetanus in the same shot.
Adults get credit for academic knowledge and skills acquired through everyday experiences.
Adults get diets.
Adults get email.
Adults get fresh water.
Adults get hard and inflexible, set in their ways.
Adults get in free.
Adults get leukemia too.
Adults get no benefits.
Adults get nutrients.
Adults get nutrition.
Adults get scared about court, too.
Adults get speedboats and live jazz with dinner.
Adults get together for a dinner out at a mystery restaurant.
Adults get water.
Adults give daily mini-lessons on writing style, grammar, punctuation, and spelling.
Adults give no thought at all to modern-day Egypt.
Adults give off chemicals to assist the larvae in their search for the perfect home.
Adults give slack to very young children for their rude manners and speech.
Adults give up their time to pass on their observations and experiences.
Adults go back to school when the economy is poor.
Adults go into the soil in the fall to form earthen cells in which they live in pairs.
Adults go missing all the time.
Adults go on to lives of recurrent episodes of fever and debility.
Adults go through a program almost identical to what youths do.
Adults go through a summer moult when they temporarily lose their flight feathers.
Adults go through developmental stages.
Adults go through different developmental stages.
Adults go through different stages.
Adults go through stages.
Adults go through various stages of life at widely varying ages.
Adults go to a punishment room with water but nothing to eat.
Adults go to work, come home, sleep and go to work again.
Adults going through a process of evaluation are powerful role models for students.
Adults going to bars are old enough to make the right desisions.
Adults gradually lose the keels and the carapace becomes more highly domed.
Adults grieve parental divorce as much as children do, just in different ways.
Adults grow from three to four feet in length.
Adults grow larger and stronger as the weather cools.
Adults grow to a foot or so in length.
Adults grow to be slightly larger than one inch.
Adults grow to enormous size.
Adults grow to maturity.
Adults guide and encourage by making the environment safe and emotionally supportive.
Adults guide children toward the right answers, with focus on early reading, math and science.
Adults hang out in the bamboo rotunda at the centre of the camp, mopping their foreheads.
Adults hate to look foolish.
Adults have (part) adult bodies.
Adults have (part) arms.
Adults have (part) body substances.
Adults have (part) cell membranes.
Adults have (part) cells.
Adults have (part) corpi.
Adults have (part) cytoplasm.
Adults have (part) heads.
Adults have (part) legs.
Adults have (part) necks.
Adults have (part) nuclei.
Adults have (part) personality.
Adults have (part) plasma membranes.
Adults have (part) sections.
Adults have (part) vacuoles.
Adults have a black back and cap which contrast with the pale gray or whitish underparts.
Adults have a blue back and a rusty breast with white bars.
Adults have a blue-grey head, neck, back and upperwings, with a white line along the neck.
Adults have a blunt vertebral keel and small lateral keels.
Adults have a bright lemon yellow heads.
Adults have a broad double crossband.
Adults have a broader range of life experiences and greater cumulative knowledge.
Adults have a brown reticulated pattern anteriorly, with green back, hind limbs, and tail.
Adults have a chance to meet others with children in the community.
Adults have a channel changer.
Adults have a characteristic caudal fin shape.
Adults have a choice whether to smoke.
Adults have a clearly defined beak and a tail, sickle-shaped dorsal fin which curves backwards.
Adults have a clearly defined beak and a tall sickle-shaped dorsal fin which curves backwards.
Adults have a clearly defined beak and a tall, sickle-shaped dorsal fin which curves backwards.
Adults have a conspicuous round eardrum, called the tympanum, located on either side of the head.
Adults have a constitutional right to access sexually explicit material.
Adults have a dark brown back, and a pale breast and belly.
Adults have a dark brown body and namesake gold-toned feathers on their head and neck.
Adults have a dark brown with a white head and tail, yellow eyes and beak.
Adults have a dark gray beak that is long and slightly curved.
Adults have a dark grey throat sac.
Adults have a dark ring around the eye and some areas of white.
Adults have a dark slate- blue back and wings and a dark blue tail that is lightly barred.
Adults have a dark slate blue color to the back and wings, a dark blue tail that is lightly barred.
Adults have a dark slate-blue back and wings and a dark blue tail that is lightly barred.
Adults have a dark tail with one or two narrow light bands.
Adults have a different perspective than students, of course.
Adults have a faint dark stripe running down the center of the back.
Adults have a far more drab appearance.
Adults have a flattened oval shape with a conical head and a curved beak.
Adults have a fore wing with onethree marginal cells and a hind wing with three basal cells.
Adults have a greater and different responsibility to minister to the needs of our children.
Adults have a greater fear of failure.
Adults have a greenish-yellow iris, while a juvenile's is brown.
Adults have a hard enough time talking to kids about vaginal intercourse.
Adults have a higher resistance to infection.
Adults have a horny, spear-like long tail.
Adults have a large, stocky body with red legs and feet.
Adults have a larger base of knowledge that can be used in learning new concepts and skills.
Adults have a little more trouble.
Adults have a long forked black tail, black wings with white wing bars and a large bill.
Adults have a lot more difficult time trying to get the fundamentals down.
Adults have a lot of knowledge and life experience.
Adults have a lot of other things going on in their lives.
Adults have a lot of things to contend with, jobs, relationships, finances and domestic duties.
Adults have a mouth part called a proboscis .
Adults have a mouth part called a proboscis.
Adults have a much harder time learning computer skills than children do.
Adults have a much more limited ability to produce totipotent cells than do embryos.
Adults have a narrow, yellow eye ring.
Adults have a number of opportunities for growth.
Adults have a one meter wingspan.
Adults have a pale blue-gray head and underparts, with darker blue upperparts.
Adults have a pretty sophisticated taste for altruism.
Adults have a pure white head and tail while juveniles have mottled plumage.
Adults have a red forehead while yearlings have a dark brown forehead.
Adults have a reddish breast with light barring.
Adults have a reddish coat in summer and a gray coat in winter.
Adults have a reduced anal area to the hindwings.
Adults have a responsibility to ensure children's rights are respected and maintained.
Adults have a responsibility to give that chance to as many children as possible.
Adults have a responsibility to teach children tolerance and acceptance of differences.
Adults have a rich orange red breast and forehead with olive brown upper parts.
Adults have a richer base from which to draw.
Adults have a right to learn about the availability of a legal product.
Adults have a rough warty skin.
Adults have a rounded snout and a small triangular dorsal fin.
Adults have a rusty cap, a dark bill and grey underparts.
Adults have a rusty color on their back and shoulders, which extends downward onto the legs.
Adults have a separate lane pool, with two whirlpools and a pool bar.
Adults have a sharp, pointed beak.
Adults have a short forked brown tail and brown wings.
Adults have a short, white beard.
Adults have a single brood, with oviposition occurring at night.
Adults have a single row of interlocking teeth lining the jaw.
Adults have a slightly forked tail.
Adults have a stable identity.
Adults have a strong propensity to construe behavior as goal-directed.
Adults have a tendency to kiss infants which can spread the germ.
Adults have a throaty, bellowing roar with great carrying power.
Adults have a tiny mouth with relatively large teeth on the palate and the lower jaw.
Adults have a varied diet such as fish, insects, crayfish, fish eggs, and small clams.
Adults have a variety of life experiences, and no two lives are the same.
Adults have a variety of life experiences, and no two persons have the same exact experiences.
Adults have a wealth of experience and knowledge.
Adults have a white neck, gray-brown upper body and brown to black lower body.
Adults have a wing span of about two metres.
Adults have a wingspread of an inch or so and are buff to brown in color.
Adults have a yellowish-orange body with eight black spots on each wing cover.
Adults have abdomens.
Adults have ability.
Adults have access to many other drugs which have less side effects.
Adults have additional symptoms that resemble influenza.
Adults have adequate nutrition.
Adults have all kinds of activities, too.
Adults have an extensive base of experience and beliefs that they bring into the training room .
Adults have an olive brown or black color with a creamy white underside.
Adults have an oval shape, with the head often hidden past the eyes.
Adults have an X pattern on their backs.
Adults have antennae .
Adults have antennae.
Adults have appearances.
Adults have appendages.
Adults have as much fun as the kids.
Adults have as much to learn from children as children do from adults.
Adults have as much trouble talking about it as children.
Adults have at least the notion of a concept of the possible consequences of mixing chemicals.
Adults have backs.
Adults have bellies.
Adults have bills.
Adults have black eyes.
Adults have black legs and feet.
Adults have black spots above the yellow-brown eyes and black on the whiskers.
Adults have black spots on the upper wings.
Adults have black spots on their wings and a slight iridescence at the nape of the neck.
Adults have black wings and upperparts and white underparts.
Adults have blue-gray backs and rusty barring on their underparts.
Adults have blue-gray backs and white chests with dark barring.
Adults have blue-gray upperparts with a reddish barred breast and belly.
Adults have blue-grey wings and back and a white head with a black cap and a long black plume.
Adults have bone structures.
Adults have bones.
Adults have breaths.
Adults have bright red skin patches on their crowns and are usually grey with brown stains.
Adults have broad, transparent, lacelike wingcovers.
Adults have brown heads and wings with white spotting.
Adults have brown upperparts and tails, with black and grayish streaks.
Adults have certain special characteristics that adolescents usually lack.
Adults have chances.
Adults have chest pain.
Adults have children.
Adults have chocolate.
Adults have coats.
Adults have coloration.
Adults have completely red eyes and striking white eyebrows.
Adults have conditions.
Adults have cylindrical gonads , opening into the cloaca .
Adults have dark brown eyes.
Adults have dark brown heads, legs and shells.
Adults have dark brownish to black bodies with the aforementioned greenish tinge.
Adults have dark dense barring across the belly, and even to some degree over the breast.
Adults have dark eyes.
Adults have dark gray faces.
Adults have dark grey heads.
Adults have dark, naked heads, bills and necks, and white plumage trimmed in black.
Adults have deficiencies.
Adults have delicate legs, a long proboscis and one pair of transparent wings.
Adults have different explanations.
Adults have distinct appearances.
Adults have distinct coloration.
Adults have double coats.
Adults have ears that are black except at the base.
Adults have eight bicuspids, located in pairs between the canines and the molars.
Adults have eight legs and an oval body, with two red eyespots near the head end of the body.
Adults have emerald green wings with brown at the margins.
Adults have enemies.
Adults have enough problems of their own.
Adults have existence.
Adults have expectancy.
Adults have eyes.
Adults have eyesights.
Adults have faces.
Adults have features.
Adults have few enemies except for humans.
Adults have few natural enemies, maybe a cougar, bear or wolf.
Adults have few natural predators.
Adults have few predators because of their size and aggressive personality.
Adults have few predators other than humans.
Adults have flight muscles.
Adults have food.
Adults have foreheads.
Adults have four pairs of legs, a slightly hair appearance under a microscope with an oval body.
Adults have four pairs of short legs that have no suckers.
Adults have four sharp teeth to hold their prey.
Adults have four wings that they hold folded over their backs like the roof of a house.
Adults have free morning.
Adults have front wings that are longer than the body and are held roof-like over the insect.
Adults have full control over the amount of venom injected and through which fang, one or both.
Adults have full grown wings.
Adults have fun by drinking.
Adults have functional mouthparts.
Adults have get adequate nutrition.
Adults have glands.
Adults have glandular organs.
Adults have gonads.
Adults have good eyesights.
Adults have gray backs, dark wingtips, flesh-colored legs, and a yellow bill with a red spot.
Adults have grayish-green backs and tails and white to yellowish undersides.
Adults have growth hormone deficiencies.
Adults have habits.
Adults have heads, thoraxes, abdomens, six legs, two pairs of wings and two antennae.
Adults have heads.
Adults have hearts.
Adults have hemoglobins.
Adults have higher morbidities and mortalities than children.
Adults have horizontal trim.
Adults have humpback appearances.
Adults have ideas.
Adults have inadequate responses.
Adults have indirect flight muscles.
Adults have information needs, which when disrupted can lead to disfunction and illness.
Adults have intentions.
Adults have interest.
Adults have internal incentives.
Adults have irises.
Adults have irregular rows of yellow shaped spots on the side and back.
Adults have jaws.
Adults have jobs.
Adults have large mandibles.
Adults have legs.
Adults have less well-defined caps.
Adults have life expectancy.
Adults have lifespans.
Adults have light yellow eyes.
Adults have light-gray backs, black wingtips, and white heads and underparts.
Adults have lips.
Adults have literacy problems for many reasons.
Adults have little thymus tissue left.
Adults have lives full of responsibilities which they have successfully been meeting.
Adults have long appendages.
Adults have long legs.
Adults have long, sucking tubes for mouthparts, while larvae have chewing mouthparts.
Adults have lower soil intake and therefore are less exposed to the chlordane than children.
Adults have major predators.
Adults have mandibles.
Adults have many features.
Adults have many other things going on in their lives.
Adults have many possible paths to tread.
Adults have many responsibilities.
Adults have many-segmented, filiform antennae.
Adults have mass.
Adults have metallic blue heads.
Adults have milder form of disease resembling bronchitis.
Adults have moles.
Adults have more choices in nature books on tape.
Adults have more control than children, etc.
Adults have more efficient foraging skills than do immature birds.
Adults have more experience.
Adults have more indolent behavior and malignant degeneration is rare.
Adults have more life experience than young people and they want to help.
Adults have more right than kids have.
Adults have mostly black plumage.
Adults have mothers.
Adults have mouthparts.
Adults have mouths.
Adults have multiple roles in today's society and the role of learner is but one of the many roles.
Adults have muscles.
Adults have mutant offspring.
Adults have natural enemies.
Adults have natural predators.
Adults have necks.
Adults have no excuse.
Adults have no head or brain and move be extendable tube feet.
Adults have no markings on fins, while in juveniles the second dorsal fin tip is dusky colored.
Adults have no respect for the classroom atmosphere.
Adults have no spots but usually have black-tipped ears and tail.
Adults have no spots.
Adults have no teeth.
Adults have no time, they say.
Adults have noses.
Adults have nothing to do with their young after hatching.
Adults have numbers.
Adults have nutrition.
Adults have offspring.
Adults have only marginal control of non-classroom and administrative school space.
Adults have orange and a white triangular band between the eyes.
Adults have organs.
Adults have outer lips.
Adults have pain.
Adults have pale rings on the tail.
Adults have piercing-sucking mouthparts and suck blood.
Adults have plenty of groups on and off the internet.
Adults have plenty of outlets for making loud sounds.
Adults have plenty of unmyelinated nerves also.
Adults have powerful jaws.
Adults have prayer time followed by seminars.
Adults have predators.
Adults have priority over high school students in all classes.
Adults have problems.
Adults have radial symmetry and their larvae have bilateral.
Adults have ranges.
Adults have rather soft or only slightly hard bodies.
Adults have red eyes and are blue-gray above, with light rufous barring on the breast.
Adults have red eyes, are light yellow in color and have wings.
Adults have red heads and a white bill, while juveniles have gray-brown coloring.
Adults have reddish-colored shoulders.
Adults have reddish-orange facial skin and yellow legs.
Adults have reductions.
Adults have relatives.
Adults have reproductive success.
Adults have responses.
Adults have rights.
Adults have room to stretch out in the car's plush leather seats, front and rear.
Adults have rosette-like spots.
Adults have round oval-shaped bodies covered in scales or setae .
Adults have round oval-shaped bodies covered in scales or setae.
Adults have sand-colored upper parts and white undersides.
Adults have scenarios.
Adults have seven pair of legs.
Adults have several classes, where topics and themes vary throughout the year.
Adults have several options for short-term opportunities.
Adults have several recourses to dealing with financial difficulties.
Adults have sex for a myriad of reasons.
Adults have sex hormones raging through their bodies.
Adults have sharp spines.
Adults have shiny black bodies with lighter color legs, and clubbed antennae.
Adults have short lifespans.
Adults have short, clubbed antennae which are sometimes hidden beneath the head.
Adults have shorter tails and broader wingspans than juveniles.
Adults have significantly less repigmentation after their skin lightens.
Adults have significantly more resorption than children in the mandibular anterior teeth only.
Adults have silvery eyes.
Adults have silvery-white primaries and primary coverts which flash white at a distance.
Adults have similar symptoms of childhood ADD and report disturbance in home life and work.
Adults have siphoning mouths.
Adults have six legs.
Adults have skin.
Adults have slate-blue colored backs.
Adults have slate-gray upperparts and a gray 'helmet' that extends below their eyes.
Adults have smooth shells.
Adults have solid gray upperparts, barred with reddish-brown.
Adults have solitary existence.
Adults have some valuable work experience that can serve as a base for further learning.
Adults have something real to lose in a classroom situation.
Adults have sparse hair and wrinkled, gray skin.
Adults have special features.
Adults have special needs and requirements as learners.
Adults have specific goals for learning.
Adults have spines.
Adults have structures.
Adults have success.
Adults have suck mouthparts.
Adults have summer coats that are bright red with a dark dorsal stripe, and dark gray winter coats.
Adults have sweat glands.
Adults have symptoms more often than children.
Adults have symptoms.
Adults have tail appendages.
Adults have teeth.
Adults have that right.
Adults have the benefit of much more experience and hopefully a certain maturity.
Adults have the choice of either a chicken plate, a steak plate or a ribs plate.
Adults have the fore sight to accept results from long term efforts.
Adults have the greatest risk for dying from chickenpox, with infants having the next highest risk.
Adults have the maturity to some extent, but lack the innocence.
Adults have the mental capacity to teach children why such acts are incorrect.
Adults have the pleasure of horseshoes, bingo, arts and crafts and many others.
Adults have the power and responsibility to govern their sexual behavior in an appropriate manner.
Adults have the responsibility of making their home environment safe for children.
Adults have the responsibility to help children as they transition to adulthood.
Adults have the responsibility to protect children from addictive drugs.
Adults have the responsibility to tell teens the truth.
Adults have the right and the responsibility to make their own decisions.
Adults have the right to be treated respectfully.
Adults have the right to determine what they access on the Internet.
Adults have the right to live their own lives even, and especially, as divorced parents.
Adults have the right to smoke.
Adults have the same capability.
Adults have the same symptoms, but they also notice a loss of vision, especially in the upper field.
Adults have the same variety of diagnoses as children.
Adults have the typical lace-like appearance.
Adults have their cell phones, beepers, and portable computers.
Adults have their jobs, their bingo halls and their bars.
Adults have their own narrow stereotypes too - e.g. to be wealthy, famous or powerful.
Adults have their own planned sharing sessions and classes.
Adults have their own private parties at home with their friends.
Adults have their own sets of challenges.
Adults have their version.
Adults have thicken lips.
Adults have three ocelli and have two flexible, short antennae.
Adults have three pair of legs on the thorax.
Adults have three pairs of legs, with the hind pair modified for jumping.
Adults have throats.
Adults have time.
Adults have to be reprogrammed to understand and act to save a life.
Adults have to be there when something happens and to talk to the kids.
Adults have to do the same things with themselves.
Adults have to drastically change acquired habits.
Adults have to drink or medicate to accomplish such a thing.
Adults have to find and impress mates.
Adults have to forgive like children do.
Adults have to just about double their body mass before the moult.
Adults have to lead the young people.
Adults have to learn communication skills-to listen, and to speak in ways to be heard.
Adults have to learn what comes naturally to our offspring.
Adults have to live and reproduce for a long time to keep population levels stable.
Adults have to model and patiently explain.
Adults have to overcome false religious teaching, ignorance of the Bible and fear of deliverance.
Adults have to ride with smaller children when going down.
Adults have to successfully pass the same ordeal as the youth in order to become members.
Adults have to teach children how to intervene themselves.
Adults have to teach kids how to love.
Adults have to watch out for predators like river otters and raccoons.
Adults have tolerance.
Adults have two classes, one just for women and the other for both men and women.
Adults have two flight peaks.
Adults have two pairs of feather-like wings that fold flat over their backs when they rest.
Adults have two pairs of membranous wings with an extensive pattern of veins and cross veins.
Adults have two pairs of membranous wings with numerous veins.
Adults have two pairs of membranous wings with the front wing larger than the hind wing.
Adults have two pairs of wings .
Adults have two pairs of wings that lie along the back of the body.
Adults have two pairs of wings.
Adults have two rows of large teeth on either side of the upper jaw.
Adults have types.
Adults have ureters.
Adults have values.
Adults have various features.
Adults have various learning styles.
Adults have very fragile egos.
Adults have very mild symptoms or no symptoms at all.
Adults have very reduced lungs and breathe mostly through their skin.
Adults have vestigial mouthparts and, consequentially, a short flight period.
Adults have vestigial mouthparts.
Adults have virtually no predators, and are therefore at the top of their food chain.
Adults have water.
Adults have weight.
Adults have well-developed wings that stretch to the tip of the abdomen.
Adults have whiskers on the chin and cheeks.
Adults have white head and tail.
Adults have white on the top of their heads and long black plumes above their eyes.
Adults have white wings and a black head, with no red markings.
Adults have white, orange, or red skin between the dark scales.
Adults have whitish or translucent wings, while the smaller nymphs or immatures are wingless.
Adults have wide feeding preferences.
Adults have wings and immatures are wingless and usually appear in colonies.
Adults have wings and nymphs are wingless.
Adults have wings extending to the end of the body.
Adults have years.
Adults have yellow eyes.
Adults have yellow eyes.
Adults have yellow irises.
Adults have yellowish bodies and whitish wings.
Adults have zig-zag cross bands on the front wings.
Adults help by giving appropriate choices and by setting appropriate limits.
Adults help children apply acquired skills within student-initiated projects.
Adults help children develop self-esteem and values to make sound moral judgement.
Adults help children learn to use a problem-solving approach to resolve difficulties and conflicts.
Adults help children make the connections between new situations and familiar experiences.
Adults help decisions.
Adults help modify the intensity of emotions through reassuring or distracting talk.
Adults help students record their facts and opinions for the slide show.
Adults help with slide preparation.
Adults here are much more generous at paying compliments to children.
Adults hibernate and emerge during the early stages of shoot development.
Adults hibernate and mate the following spring.
Adults hibernate at the bottom of ponds.
Adults hibernate in overwintering floral rosettes.
Adults hibernate in sheltered areas near orchard.
Adults hibernate only in the South and in mild winters.
Adults hibernate over winter, emerging in late spring to lay their eggs on the developing fruit.
Adults hibernate under the bottom debris and silt of their aquatic habitats.
Adults hibernate, sometimes in groups.
Adults hibernate, sometimes in small groups.
Adults hibernate, then mate in the spring.
Adults hide during the day in leaf litter, other debris or soil under the plants.
Adults hide during the day.
Adults hide in vegetation near water or in cool, damp places.
Adults hold very different conceptions of learning .
Adults horny sexy men porn porno licking sexphotos are video it did nude ass fellatio.
Adults hover at flowers where they feed on nectar and wait for solitary bees.
Adults identify infant-directed music across cultures.
Adults identify their young by both sight and, more importantly, sound.
Adults immediately seek a warm-blooded host such as dogs, cats etc.
Adults incorporate activities.
Adults incorporate physical activities.
Adults increase intake.
Adults induce some stress by feeding on foliage.
Adults ingest matter.
Adults inhabit a variety of trees, including figs, and are strongly attracted to sap.
Adults inhabit dark, moist areas such as caves, cellars, and hollow trees.
Adults inhabit fairly deep water but also live near the surface.
Adults inhabit the midwater and pelagic areas over high-relief rocky reefs.
Adults inhabiting inshore areas generally move offshore to reproduce.
Adults initiate and support such play.
Adults injure plants by chewing holes for depositing eggs in crowns and in the bases of leaf stems.
Adults injure young asparagus shoots.
Adults insert eggs in leaf tissue which hatch in approximately three days.
Adults interact comfortably with youth and communicate that they care and are supportive.
Adults interact with children in ways that empower children to take control of their own learning.
Adults interfere far too much in children's affairs.
Adults invade fields soon after transplanting, and lay eggs at the base of plants.
Adults involved in divorce are themselves susceptible to numerous maladies.
Adults is small and reddish-brown in color.
Adults join a naturalist to see how they stack up to TR's list.
Adults journey for days to get food for young.
Adults just don t want to deal with it.
Adults just have to learn the words because they already know the concepts in their native language.
Adults keep babies warm by putting the babies under themselves.
Adults knelt, sat, or stood with outstretched arms before the makeshift stage.
Adults know about the product and what it is used for.
Adults know better that fire is hot and that sharp items cut.
Adults know how to help in an emergency.
Adults know safe water rules.
Adults know that change is a constant, inevitable part of life.
Adults know very, very little.
Adults know what is healthy and discipline themselves to eat the right things.
Adults know what it's like, to be tempted.
Adults lack canines , and most have no incisors .
Adults lack eyelids and retain one pair of gill slits.
Adults lack functional mouth parts and live only a few days.
Adults lack functional teeth and instead have hornlike plates for most of the length of each jaw.
Adults lack gills but retain gill slits on the side of the throat, concealed by folds of skin.
Adults larviposit on a variety of substrates in which the larva feeds and develops.
Adults later feed on the leaves, vines and fruits of plants that survive.
Adults laugh and sing as they work.
Adults laugh when they see both children, as no actual dialogue or sharing of play exists.
Adults lay bright orange eggs, singly or in small groups under the scale covers.
Adults lay clutches of two eggs from which altricial young are hatched.
Adults lay cylindrical eggs near suitable larval habitat.
Adults lay eggs along galleries.
Adults lay eggs along the midrib on the underside of the leaves.
Adults lay eggs at the base of plants.
Adults lay eggs deep between the moss plants.
Adults lay eggs in bark of weakened or dying elm trees.
Adults lay eggs in clusters on host plants.
Adults lay eggs in cracks and crevices near food sources.
Adults lay eggs in crevasses in the bark.
Adults lay eggs in grassy or weedy areas or in lodged grain.
Adults lay eggs in late summer in the terminal buds of pines.
Adults lay eggs in rotting or damaged fruit on the orchard floor.
Adults lay eggs in the soil near host pines.
Adults lay eggs in the soil or in plants.
Adults lay eggs in the soil.
Adults lay eggs in their excavated galleries.
Adults lay eggs in underground cells in the spring.
Adults lay eggs on bark.
Adults lay eggs on green silk.
Adults lay eggs on plants.
Adults lay eggs on the larval food source, such as fabric, furs, or carpets.
Adults lay eggs on the soil surface near plants.
Adults lay eggs on the underside of most leaves, so the whole canopy can be infested.
Adults lay eggs on vegetation above the water surface.
Adults lay eggs singly on leaves of targeted host plants during early evening.
Adults lay eggs that pass down the bile ducts into the intestine and out with feces.
Adults lay hemispherical whitish eggs on host plant leaves.
Adults lay microscopic eggs, which are passed in the feces and hatch in dung pats.
Adults lay pale yellow eggs on the bark in midsummer, then die.
Adults lay rows of black eggs on young shoots which hatch in a week of so.
Adults lay salmon eggs in fast moving, freshwater streams and rivers.
Adults lead but the youth are involved in their own learning.
Adults lead many fun activities.
Adults lead solitary lives.
Adults lead the children in active, non-competitive games.
Adults learn a foreign language in a manner similar to the way they learned their first language.
Adults learn and grow by being in touch with youth.
Adults learn basic safety practices for working with children in and around the water.
Adults learn because they want to continue to do so.
Adults learn best from each other.
Adults learn best given the opportunity to practice skills and express ideas in their own words.
Adults learn best if they are actively involved in making decisions about their learning.
Adults learn best in a comfortable environment.
Adults learn best in an environment of trusting relationships.
Adults learn best information that applies to a problem they are currently experiencing.
Adults learn best over a period of time.
Adults learn best what they discover for themselves.
Adults learn best when the subject content is of clear and immediate importance.
Adults learn best when the subject is relevant.
Adults learn best when there are opportunities to connect their own experience to new content.
Adults learn best when they are actively engaged.
Adults learn best when they are ready to learn.
Adults learn best when they can integrate prior experience with new learning.
Adults learn best when they can participate directly in their own learning.
Adults learn best when they take charge of their learning.
Adults learn better by doing than by listening.
Adults learn better by doing.
Adults learn better if they can ask questions.
Adults learn better when positive attitudes, patience and praise are used by the tutors.
Adults learn by being with people who are enthusiastic about learning.
Adults learn by constructing meaning from their experiences.
Adults learn by doing and participating.
Adults learn by doing.
Adults learn by listening, reading and carefully studying.
Adults learn by repetition.
Adults learn creative ways to talk with their children.
Adults learn differently from school aged children.
Adults learn differently than traditional age students.
Adults Learn everything from ballroom dancing to personal computers.
Adults learn experientially.
Adults learn for a number of reasons.
Adults learn for specific purposes.
Adults learn from doing, interactive exercises with a problem-centered focus.
Adults learn how to positively express their sexuality during adolescence.
Adults learn in different ways and at different rates.
Adults learn in different ways than children.
Adults learn in many different ways and learn best when their learning style is respected.
Adults learn it no less deep.
Adults learn more from discussion and interaction than from lectures and memorization.
Adults learn more readily by doing as opposed to absorbing passively an instructor's presentation.
Adults learn more readily, and remember longer when information is immediately applicable and brief.
Adults learn more when they are curious and interested.
Adults learn new skills and bring their video idea to reality.
Adults learn new skills while on the job.
Adults learn on the job, in military service, and through hobbies, friends, television or books.
Adults learn primarily through concepts and abstract ideas.
Adults learn similar to kids.
Adults learn techniques in resume writing, interviewing, and conducting a successful job search.
Adults learn to act responsibly as citizens, workers, and family members.
Adults learn to look at the world with simple view.
Adults learn what they want to learn or what they're motivated to learn.
Adults learn when they are ready to learn and they do so in different ways.
Adults learning to read use the computer room.
Adults leave behind skeletonized leaves and large, irregular holes in leaves.
Adults leave for the winter as chicks fledge and grow on the open ocean.
Adults leave homes.
Adults leave pools.
Adults leave rod-shaped droppings approximately one eighth inch long.
Adults leave sites.
Adults leave the gall through a minute opening in the underside.
Adults leave the nest for periods of several days, flying long-distances in the search for food.
Adults leave the spawning area soon after spawning is complete.
Adults leave the wood, mate, and then the females return to lay eggs.
Adults leave tiny holes as they emerge from pupae cases within the tobacco.
Adults lie awake wondering if they can hang on to their jobs, their marriages, their sanity.
Adults like to be actively engaged and involved.
Adults like to blame it on the music, the school or something else.
Adults like to choose what and how they learn.
Adults like to clear up their own messes out of self pride.
Adults like to eat and fellowship and sometimes accidents happen with the balls.
Adults list most unwanted book .
Adults listen almost twice as much as teenagers Listening time and habits differ according to age.
Adults listen and are changed.
Adults listen to each other and listen to children.
Adults live a short time.
Adults live about a year.
Adults live about one year.
Adults live about six months and feed upon decayed fruits.
Adults live about two days during which they mate.
Adults live about two weeks, with old ones dying and new ones emerging.
Adults live about two weeks.
Adults live alone or in pairs.
Adults live among aquatic vegetation along the edges of ponds, lakes, creeks or streams.
Adults live an average of six to ten months, but can live as long as three years.
Adults live approximately four weeks and are most active at night.
Adults live approximately one year.
Adults live between two and three weeks.
Adults live for a few months.
Adults live for a little over a week.
Adults live for a relatively long time compared to other insects.
Adults live for about a month.
Adults live for about five days.
Adults live for about five to eight weeks.
Adults live for about one month.
Adults live for about six weeks, during which time the females produce forty to eighty eggs.
Adults live for about three and a half months, mating regularly throughout their life span.
Adults live for about three weeks during which time they feed on nectar, mate and lay eggs.
Adults live for about two days, during which time they mate.
Adults live for approximately three to four weeks above ground.
Adults live for approximately two weeks.
Adults live for around nine months, feeding on meals, flours and broken grains.
Adults live for many years.
Adults live for only a few days but in Florida generations are produced about every three weeks.
Adults live for only a few days.
Adults live for several months.
Adults live for several years.
Adults live for three to five years.
Adults live for years.
Adults live four to six weeks and females lay eggs during most of their lives.
Adults live from five to twenty-five days.
Adults live in areas.
Adults live in Atlantic Ocean but run from ocean to fresh water to spawn.
Adults live in burrows in the soil that they often dig themselves.
Adults live in capital cities.
Adults live in cities.
Adults live in countries.
Adults live in desert areas.
Adults live in develop countries.
Adults live in different habitats.
Adults live in fear of the young.
Adults live in groups of permanent membership, consisting of a male and a few females.
Adults live in habitats.
Adults live in homes.
Adults live in households.
Adults live in human small intestine.
Adults live in income households.
Adults live in male-female pairs.
Adults live in marine water and then travel to freshwater to reproduce.
Adults live in mated pairs but sometimes live alone.
Adults live in overlapping home ranges, with boundaries marked by dung heaps.
Adults live in streams as adults.
Adults live in the bile ducts of their mammalian host.
Adults live in the canopy layer of the rainforest, sometimes hiding inside bromeliads.
Adults live in the digestive tract of vertebrates , especially fish .
Adults live in the digestive tract of vertebrates, especially fish.
Adults live in the dog's heart and release microscopic young worms into the dog's blood.
Adults live in the intestines of kingfishers.
Adults live in the lumen of the intestinal wall where they cause blood loss to the host.
Adults live in the small intestine.
Adults live in trees, and the males produce a loud 'song'.
Adults live just long enough to reproduce.
Adults live largely on fish, crayfish, other crustaceans, and insects.
Adults live less than one week.
Adults live on crustaceans, mollusks, and small fishes.
Adults live on pets, while all other stages live in carpets.
Adults live only a few days, during which time they mate and females lay eggs.
Adults live only a few weeks.
Adults live ten days.
Adults live three months to a year.
Adults live three to five days.
Adults live through the winter in leaf litter near ponds.
Adults live through the winter on plants or in the mud.
Adults live to about two years old.
Adults live two or three days.
Adults live two to three months, depending on the weather.
Adults live two to three weeks and females lay about one egg per day.
Adults live under large rocks, coming out only to feed and mate.
Adults live up to three months and feed on the leaves of the weed.
Adults live up to three years in ideal conditions.
Adults live up to years.
Adults living with their parents is common in many cultures throughout history.
Adults locate infestations and distribute eggs.
Adults look at the clock and groan and go back to sleep.
Adults look at their work differently when they take their daughters along.
Adults Look Back.
Adults look for a strong staff to lean on.
Adults look for explanations.
Adults look like adults.
Adults look like bees, but they only have one pair of wings.
Adults look like house flies, but with more hairs.
Adults look somewhat like small brown moths.
Adults looking at the cartoons are stock still.
Adults looks at new experience based on past experiences.
Adults lose more teeth to untreated periodontitis than all other causes combined.
Adults lose productivity as their near vision predictably declines with age.
Adults lounge on porch couches, cans of what made Milwaukee famous sweating in their hands.
Adults love ballroom dancing so much that the craze has swept the nation.
Adults love hiding cookies and eggs for the children to find.
Adults love it as much as the children do.
Adults love it just as much as kids.
Adults love it too.
Adults love it, too.
Adults love it.
Adults love the album just as much as children.
Adults love the articles too.
Adults love the books nearly as much as kids, and they make an almost perfect family read-aloud.
Adults love the variety of flavors with sophisticated tastes.
Adults mainly consume tadpoles, frogs, snails, fish, small mammals, and a wide variety of insects.
Adults maintain health.
Adults maintain territories, with male territories bordering female territories.
Adults make a hard target protected in their closed shell.
Adults make a louder clicking noise to call to other adults.
Adults make a part of their lives only the works that have meaning.
Adults make and distribute pornography.
Adults make buzz sound.
Adults make choices.
Adults make it a point to be aware of all visitors to our campus.
Adults make less lactase .
Adults make less lactase.
Adults make long, narrow slits in blossom buds and newly formed leaves.
Adults make loud, low roars to each other.
Adults make messes, too.
Adults make mistakes that have consequences just like children do.
Adults make mistakes.
Adults make most of the decisions, and older siblings and playmates make up most of the rules.
Adults make own choices.
Adults make pitch sound.
Adults make sound.
Adults make surprisingly good quadrupeds, as well.
Adults make their way up to the liver, probably by crawling up the bile duct.
Adults make time to learn how to drive, use computers, create web pages, and so on.
Adults manage their time, set their priorities, and then accept responsibility for their choices.
Adults marvel at scenes of animated figures working and playing in a four-season wonderland .
Adults marvel that a child is capable of such a feat.
Adults mate and begin laying clusters of eggs about the time the squash vines begin to spread.
Adults mate and disperse.
Adults mate and lay eggs and the cycle begins again.
Adults mate and lay eggs on volunteer or early-planted grain.
Adults mate and produce eggs, which the female places in the soil.
Adults mate at dusk.
Adults mate during the day.
Adults mate for life and usually return to the same nest every year.
Adults mate immediately after emerging.
Adults mate in late morning to early afternoon, when light intensity is highest.
Adults mate in swarms soon after emerging.
Adults mate in the spring and females lay eggs on the underside of expanding leaves.
Adults mate in woodland pools, roadside ditches, and other temporary bodies of water.
Adults mate on flower heads during pollen feeding.
Adults mate on their host plants, and then females lay eggs under bark, apparently without feeding.
Adults mate soon after emergence.
Adults mate soon after emerging from the last resting stage.
Adults mate within one to two days after emerging from their pupal cases.
Adults mate within two days of emerging, and the cycle begins again.
Adults mature in various areas at various rates.
Adults may have dens.
Adults may have requirements.
Adults may have special requirements.
Adults measure length.
Adults measure nearly six feet at the shoulder.
Adults measure over six metres in length and weigh up to four tonnes.
Adults measure to one inch long and have a cone-shaped head and wide curving beak.
Adults measure twenty to thirty inches in length, and can weigh up to thirty-five pounds.
Adults meet for fellowship hour, enjoy refreshments then break into smaller groups.
Adults meet for impairment counseling, support groups, and educational seminars.
Adults meet in the early morning while students can work out after school.
Adults meet weekly to discuss the literary selection of the month.
Adults merely have an opportunity to serve when selected by the church.
Adults migrate against currents from feeding grounds to spawning grounds.
Adults migrate back to subterranean refuges in the spring, where they spend the summer aestivating.
Adults migrate by flying within fields or to new fields.
Adults migrate eastern and western North Pacific.
Adults migrate from habitats.
Adults migrate from the bays to the Gulf where they remain the rest of their lives.
Adults migrate inshore and northward as water temperatures increase in the spring.
Adults migrate inshore to estuaries, bays and sounds during the spring to spawn.
Adults migrate to areas.
Adults migrate to breeding ponds where the male attracts the female with a soft clucking call.
Adults migrate to freshwater for spawning and die soon after spawining.
Adults migrate to high elevations and form aggregations where they spend the summer.
Adults migrate to shallower water where females deposit their eggs onto rocky substrate.
Adults migrate to summer feeding habitats after the mate.
Adults migrate up smaller tributaries to spawn.
Adults model appropriate behavior, set clear limits and involve children in establishing rules.
Adults model appropriate expression of their feelings.
Adults model courteous behavior when talking to students.
Adults model the leadership and cooperation that they expect from students.
Adults model the leadership and cooperation they expect and demand from students.
Adults model the leadership and cooperation they expect from students.
Adults model the type of interactions with others that they want children to develop.
Adults molt about every month, casting off skin in bits and pieces.
Adults molt during the summer, leaving beautiful gray-rusty feathers strewn about the tundra.
Adults molt in late spring or early summer and again in late fall or early winter.
Adults molt once every year.
Adults molt soon after, usually in late summer.
Adults monitor the chat rooms, pen pal profiles, and bulletin board messages.
Adults mostly eat live shrimp they catch with their two long tentacles.
Adults moult and replace the wing feathers, one at a time, during the summer.
Adults move about freely to mate, lay eggs and feed.
Adults move about only when threatened with starvation.
Adults move about readily often in tall weeds or grassy areas.
Adults move around much more.
Adults move into cotton fields from surrounding vegetation.
Adults move into vegetation along field margins where they remain inactive until fall.
Adults move northward in spring and form temporarily breeding colonies throughout the southeast.
Adults move offshore to spawn and are sometimes encountered in open water in large schools.
Adults move out of riffles and just upstream to spawning areas in loose groups.
Adults move to cities.
Adults move to dry places.
Adults move to habitats.
Adults move to places.
Adults move to shelter.
Adults move to trash and duff near host trees and remain inactive until the following spring.
Adults move to winter shelter.
Adults move upstream to fresh or slightly brackish streams and rivers.
Adults moving to vegetables then introduce the organism and later transmit it within the crop.
Adults murder their babies for their own pleasure.
Adults need blood.
Adults need calcium.
Adults need calories.
Adults need certain vitamins.
Adults need flake food.
Adults need food.
Adults need growth hormones.
Adults need guidance.
Adults need hormones.
Adults need proteins.
Adults need salt.
Adults need stimulation.
Adults need vitamins.
Adults need water.
Adults nest alone or in loosely associated groups.
Adults never reach full literacy in Japanese or Chinese.
Adults never say anything.
Adults never seem to understand that.
Adults never transform but retain the form of the larvae.
Adults normally emerge in late spring.
Adults normally have the right to determine their own destiny.
Adults notch the edges of leaves and their feeding is minimal.
Adults notice vast improvements in their coordination, strength, flexibility and stretch.
Adults now are now to nourish the child's self- esteem.
Adults now have more money to put into elaborate decorations and outfits.
Adults now pay more attention to what their kids are doing.
Adults obtain substantial benefits as well.
Adults occasionally eat berries of wax myrtle, blueberry, poison ivy, and sweet bay.
Adults occasionally survive the winter.
Adults occupy fixed home ranges which very in size with seasons and prey abundance.
Adults occupy home ranges which overlap and vary in size with the availability of prey.
Adults occur along wooded rows and weedy areas where they visit flowers for nectar.
Adults occur either singly or in small groups.
Adults occur in habitats.
Adults occur in the spring.
Adults occur in two color phases, red and yellow.
Adults occur on the host or on other plants adjacent to the crop.
Adults occur throughout the summer and fall.
Adults occur year-round, especially in summer and fall.
Adults only blame the past for all the problems and never try to change within themselves.
Adults only can enter.
Adults only come together to mate, finding each other using loud calls.
Adults only have a few peg-like molars on the back of their jaw.
Adults Only have content suitable only for adults.
Adults only hear what they are told, and see the external outlook on high school.
Adults only intervene when guidance is apparently needed.
Adults only join female groups when a sow is in heat.
Adults only live for a day or two, just long enough to mate and lay eggs.
Adults only live for a few hours after emerging from the water.
Adults only live long enough to mate and lay eggs, so the habitat can vary by moth species.
Adults only meet when mating.
Adults only punish children for overtly dangerous behavior.
Adults only stay in the water for a few days, then the eggs hatch in one to two months.
Adults only survive for a couple of days to mate and lay eggs.
Adults open mouths.
Adults ought know better.
Adults ought to be setting a good example for the kids.
Adults outperform children.
Adults oviposit eggs in the soil or in plants.
Adults oviposit in fruit causing scars in dimples.
Adults participate in morning lectures and tours of exciting new research facilities.
Adults partnering with kids can become resources to get things done.
Adults party there as well.
Adults pass laws.
Adults pass the winter in leaf litter in wood lots, hedgerows, and similar areas.
Adults pass the winter in leaf litter.
Adults passing teens on the street often avert their eyes.
Adults pay a registration fee plus the cost of their materials and textbooks.
Adults pay a small token admission.
Adults pay attention.
Adults pay gate fees, but no program fees.
Adults pay half of the reduced fee and children's families pay a small flat fee for services.
Adults pay regular weekend prices.
Adults pay their own way, act responsibly and go to prison for a drunk and disorderly.
Adults pedigreed cats spay or neutered.
Adults perch in plain view and make sharp scolding calls when intruders approach.
Adults perform tasks.
Adults periodically make huge migrations.
Adults plan programs without involving youth in the process.
Adults play a big part in introducing children to sports.
Adults play a critical role in the lives of children.
Adults play dead when handled.
Adults play games.
Adults play injured students and others play the gunmen.
Adults play poetry games and pratice calligraphy.
Adults play rock stars, urbanites, and beauty queens.
Adults play sports to win.
Adults play subtle games.
Adults play the what-if game, too.
Adults play to learn.
Adults play with the juniors.
Adults possess certain assets that come only with age and experience.
Adults possess features.
Adults possess two pairs of membranous wings, often brightly coloured and usually coupled together.
Adults possess two pairs of membranous wings, with the forewing being larger than the hind wing.
Adults postpone cleaning the garage or basement.
Adults postpone playing until the work is done.
Adults prefer annual red and green algal species.
Adults prefer beach areas within bays and coves which are protected from rough water.
Adults prefer deep water during the day and shallow areas at night and in the early morning.
Adults prefer deep, cold water.
Adults prefer dogs.
Adults prefer humans and dogs as hosts.
Adults prefer ocean waves, rainfall or summer nights.
Adults prefer shallow middle and lower tidal zones.
Adults prefer soft substrates but are also found on rocky bottom and among living coral.
Adults prefer spring grains over winter grains.
Adults prefer spring grainsto winter wheat.
Adults prefer to be in charge of their own learning and thrive under such conditions.
Adults prefer to perch on bare ground and rocks.
Adults prefer weakened trees for egg laying.
Adults prefers dogs and other large animals.
Adults present different demands on orthoptists.
Adults press or drag their abdomens over objects, another likely method of marking an area.
Adults prey primarily on small mammals and lizards, and occassionally consume birds.
Adults prey upon a broad assortment of fish species, crustaceans, squids, mussels, and sea worms.
Adults primarily attach to the ears of large animals like deer and cattle.
Adults primarily feed on fish, crabs and shrimp.
Adults primarily feed on fish, crabs, and shrimp.
Adults primarily feed on fish, shrimp and crayfish.
Adults primarily feed on seeds and grain.
Adults primarily feed on the ears of large mammals and are considered an economic pest of cattle .
Adults probably fly in early spring.
Adults produce approximately one pint of CSF per day.
Adults produce individuals.
Adults produce staminate flowers many days prior to pistillate flowers.
Adults produce stem cells.
Adults produce the fertilized eggs that start the next generation.
Adults programme and control television and radio, while Kids are passive observers.
Adults progress at their own pace and receive individual help with course work.
Adults protect children.
Adults protect offspring.
Adults protect their nests by feigning injuriy when a predator approaches.
Adults protect their nests by feigning injury when a predator approaches.
Adults protect themselves from predation with their amazing camouflage abilities.
Adults provide care.
Adults provide emotional security.
Adults provide extensive parental care.
Adults provide initial direction, then prepare girls to assume leadership roles.
Adults provide options.
Adults provide parental care.
Adults provide positive language models in describing feelings, experiences and objects.
Adults puncture the young nuts with their snouts and larvae consume the insides of the nuts.
Adults purchase entr es separately.
Adults pursue accuracy rather than speed.
Adults pursue studies at a high rate.
Adults quickly begin laying pale yellow eggs singly on stems and the underside of leaves.
Adults raise concern.
Adults raise dogs.
Adults raise significant concern.
Adults raise the young falcons until they are four weeks old.
Adults raising families make up the majority of minimum-wage earners.
Adults range from nearly red in younger individuals to brown in older and larger specimens.
Adults range from six to fourteen centimeters in total length.
Adults range in color from a tawny brown color to a reddish or brown-gray.
Adults range in color from white to brown to dark gray.
Adults range in color.
Adults range in size from three feet up to seven feet, depending upon the species.
Adults range in size.
Adults range up to inch long.
Adults reach a length of at least eight inches.
Adults reach eleven feet in height and weigh thousands of pounds.
Adults reach four and a half feet.
Adults reach maturity and emerge from the galls in the fall just before leaf drop.
Adults reach maturity.
Adults reach sexual maturity after an additional two years.
Adults reach sexual maturity at roughly seven years.
Adults reach sexual maturity.
Adults readily fly and migrate to new fields.
Adults realize the importance of prediction, the ability to plan ahead.
Adults really get a kick out of the story, as well as the spectacle of the setting.
Adults receive a stipend for their time.
Adults receive academic counseling and career guidance.
Adults receive care.
Adults receive help in their post secondary studies, literacy training, and job skills training.
Adults receive most of the organs, unless the livers are too small to work in adults.
Adults receive one cleaning and two exams.
Adults receive personalized schedules upon arrival.
Adults receive polio vaccines.
Adults receive seasonal refreshments at Bo'ness station.
Adults receive shots in their arm, and babies in their leg.
Adults receive the same concerned instruction as all students at the academy.
Adults receive two-thirds of their daily caffeine from coffee.
Adults receive vaccines.
Adults recognize that sand is a soft and absorbing medium ideally suited for toddler exploration.
Adults recognize the signs.
Adults recognize words in continuous speech and are able to add new words to their lexicon.
Adults recommend intake.
Adults recover also, but more slowly.
Adults recover better than children.
Adults recover in flowing, clean, well- aerated water.
Adults reinforce the good sitting with Pizzazz.
Adults release eggs and sperm into the water.
Adults rely heavily on prior knowledge and experience and are oriented toward problem solving.
Adults rely on nutrients.
Adults remain active and feed.
Adults remain active in host plants until a host becomes senescent or cool weather arrives.
Adults remain active until mid-summer when the young hatch.
Adults remain in cells and emerge from the soil a year later.
Adults remain in good health.
Adults remain in health.
Adults remain in the larval case until fully colored before emerging.
Adults remain in tunnels in soil except for spring mating activity.
Adults remain infective throughout their life.
Adults remain on host, females only leave to lay eggs on faeces.
Adults remain reproductively inactive until they fall.
Adults remain together year-round and the goslings stay with the pair until the next spring.
Adults remate immediately following birth of the young.
Adults remember when Stories from adults who grew up with serious medical problems.
Adults remove fecal sacs and nests remain clean right though until fledging.
Adults report better memory, more energy and better vision.
Adults report similar difficulties with family, friends and at work.
Adults report spending less time sleeping than they did just five years ago.
Adults report that chewing gum is enough activity for some to stave off attacks.
Adults representing drowning victims are in the water.
Adults require a double vaccination, while children get a single dose of the vaccine.
Adults require a fresh blood meal in order to reproduce.
Adults require a greater volume of fluid.
Adults require blood.
Adults require boosters every ten years.
Adults require energy.
Adults require food.
Adults require general or local anesthesia.
Adults require inspections.
Adults require less fat in their diet.
Adults require one form of identification showing name and present address.
Adults require sugary food.
Adults require two doses of the vaccine for full protection.
Adults require two quarts of water daily and up to four quarts when exercising at high elevations.
Adults resemble bark beetles.
Adults resemble honey bees.
Adults resemble immature bald eagles, but the goldens are darker.
Adults resemble leafhoppers but characteristicly sit froglike with the head elevated.
Adults resemble moths and lay eggs on the needles.
Adults resemble small catfish.
Adults resemble young striped bass, and the two are often confused.
Adults reside in field rows, roadsides, and other protected areas to overwinter.
Adults reside in regions.
Adults respond best to activities that have clear assignments.
Adults respond to active learning that includes a variety of teaching methods.
Adults respond to touch as well.
Adults result from progressive development.
Adults retain memories of past-lives too.
Adults retain some infant characteristics.
Adults retain their juvenile pattern and coloration, and retain a smaller size.
Adults return to adjacent trees and the life cycle begins again.
Adults return to aquatic habitats during the autumn to hibernate.
Adults return to college primarily because they desire a higher paying career or a professional job.
Adults return to deeper estuary bays and continental shelf waters after the breeding season.
Adults return to fresh water in the fall and spawn in late fall and winter.
Adults return to orchards in late summer to mate and lay overwintering eggs.
Adults return to school to explore new career choices.
Adults return to sharpen outdated skills.
Adults return to the streams in great swarms to perform their famous mating dance.
Adults return to their stream of origin to spawn and die, usually at around three years old.
Adults return to trees and chew holes in leaves.
Adults return to trees and lay eggs on the emerging leaves.
Adults return to, or seek for, the water when they are mature.
Adults return upstream to spawn.
Adults returning to college do so with doubts.
Adults risk criminal liability, as well as civil liability, when minors consume alcoholic beverages.
Adults roost alone on underside of leaves.
Adults roost communally.
Adults roost exposed on a tall plant beginning in late afternoon.
Adults roost in small groups on grass.
Adults run to government.
Adults say it's hard.
Adults say that peer programs can be less expensive than programs staffed by adults.
Adults say the book is an overstatement.
Adults say they've never seen anything like it.
Adults say things too.
Adults scoff, but kids love Atlanta's animated Olympics mascot.
Adults score low in science literacy.
Adults scream too much at their kids and referees during games.
Adults search both soil and plant surfaces for prey.
Adults see hate everywhere also.
Adults see near-human dollbots as, well, creepy.
Adults see through compound eyes made up of thousands of ommatidia.
Adults seek assistance.
Adults seek emergency disaster assistance.
Adults seek guidance about undiagnosed learning disabilities.
Adults seek high vantage points on the windward side of the prairie.
Adults seek mates.
Adults seek nectar at a variety of flowers and also obtain moisture from mud.
Adults seek nectar at a variety of flowers and sip water and minerals from mud.
Adults seek purpose, meaning and integration in their learning, their work and their relationships.
Adults seek shelter.
Adults seeking initiation enter the R.C.I.A. process through Journey for life.
Adults seeking services for themselves are often of two categories.
Adults seeking to be implanted usually want hearing again, very badly.
Adults seem similarly transfixed.
Adults seem to be making all of the decisions.
Adults seem to be more reticent.
Adults seem to enjoy investigating the hands-on exhibits as much as the children.
Adults seem to enjoy it, too.
Adults seem to enjoy the innocent fun.
Adults seem to find it comforting as well.
Adults seem to have fewer side effects to intravenous therapy.
Adults seem to have the idea that adolescence is a great time, all fun with no responsibilities.
Adults seem to rely more on visual cues when feeding.
Adults send e-mail greetings, but for important occasions they still send a regular card.
Adults send mixed messages to children.
Adults serve as advisors and offer assistance as required.
Adults serve as judges and student safety patrols serve as lawyers.
Adults serve as Scripture readers, lead the prayers, and serve as ministers of communion.
Adults serve as teachers and help with special events.
Adults serve wine, beer, and liquor to other adults.
Adults set up households.
Adults settle on twigs and form dense colonies.
Adults shape the learning environment for young children.
Adults shape their own realities too but usually more subtly.
Adults share and learn from their children, the instructor and each other.
Adults share faith with children and youth.
Adults share high expectations for all students and commitment to equity and excellence.
Adults share in the fun with the boys and are welcome to participate in any and all functions.
Adults share stories.
Adults shed newspapers and personal items with abandon.
Adults shed once or twice a year.
Adults shift home ranges in response to habitat alteration or disturbance.
Adults show a female predominance.
Adults show a lot of gray on the face and neck and a whitish throat patch.
Adults show a wide variety of fears, depending on their personalities and experiences.
Adults show behaviour.
Adults show concern.
Adults show frustration, and anger but never hatred toward a child.
Adults show solitary behaviour.
Adults show sorrow.
Adults show white heads in the summer and a dark patch behind the eye in the winter.
Adults sidestep serious talks with teenagers, survey finds.
Adults sigh as the needle on the scale moves steadily upward, thanks to too much fruitcake.
Adults sign on to spend one to three hours a week with a child, for three months.
Adults sign their children in at the nursery and are given an identification number.
Adults simply squeeze the rubber grips tightly to easily turn the door knob.
Adults sing the blues.
Adults sip fermenting fruit juices, oak sap, and flower nectar.
Adults sip flower nectar.
Adults sip fruit juices and flower nectar.
Adults sip nectar from flowers, and are commonly seen feeding at a number of plants.
Adults sip nectar from flowers.
Adults sip nectar from many flowers and juice from manure.
Adults sip nectar from the flowers of milkweeds and clovers.
Adults sip sweet nectar and pollen from lantana and shepherd's needle.
Adults sip sweet thistle and clover nectar.
Adults sip thistle nectar and some hibernate.
Adults sit in front seats.
Adults sit in passenger seats.
Adults sit in seats.
Adults sit on the egg to break the brittle shell.
Adults sit with the children to act as role models.
Adults skeletonize leaves and eat flowers and fruits.
Adults skeletonize the lower leaf surface for a time before laying eggs.
Adults sleep alone, except when infants with their mothers.
Adults sleep alone, infants with their mothers until the next sibling is born.
Adults smoking in front of children is a bad influence.
Adults soon die, but the eggs survive over winter.
Adults spawn in deep water immediately adjacent to shallow flats and vegetated shoreline.
Adults spawn in the Gulf and the young grow up in the bays, living in grassy areas or on shoals.
Adults spawn in the winter and tend to return to the same spawning grounds year after year.
Adults spawn in very shallow water in the spring.
Adults spawn many times during their life cycle.
Adults speak one way to children and another way to adult friends and colleagues.
Adults specialize in dispersal and reproduction.
Adults spend a lot of time flying around and show up at night lights.
Adults spend a lot of time grooming and huddling.
Adults spend a lot of time trying to protect kids from the real world.
Adults spend a significant portion of their lives working.
Adults spend all their time in trees, leaving only to lay their eggs in a pond.
Adults spend considerable time on low, succulent, leafy vegetation surrounding cultivated areas.
Adults spend more time in sedentary activities.
Adults spend more time making new arrangements than forming new sequences.
Adults spend more time on land and prefer an area with plants.
Adults spend more time online than teenagers, which means the Web is a relatively safe haven.
Adults spend more time with television than with the other three major media combined.
Adults spend more time with TV than all other media combined.
Adults spend most of the year underground, leaving their burrows only during the breeding season.
Adults spend most of their lives in the burrows.
Adults spend much of their lives hunting, mating, hiding, living and breathing in water.
Adults spend much time scolding, ordering and yelling at children.
Adults spend much time.
Adults spend one to five years in the ocean before returning to freshwater streams to spawn.
Adults spend the day in deeper waters, entering the shallow sector at night.
Adults spend the winter in the lower stems.
Adults spend their days in the workforce with others having like interests.
Adults spend their leisure time with their kids or by themselves shooting for the stars.
Adults spend their lives straining out silt, one-cell algae, microscopic animals, and debris.
Adults spend time.
Adults spend up to five years at sea before returning to their home river to spawn.
Adults spin loose webs on foliage and reproduce rapidly in hot weather.
Adults sport a shaggy ruff at the base of their necks.
Adults sport the rich cinnamon color in summer while winter plumage is grey and white.
Adults squawk, flap their wings, bow their heads and leap into the air.
Adults stare and children point.
Adults start at any age.
Adults start producing young one day after reaching maturity.
Adults start to emerge in early summer.
Adults stationed near each goal can monitor goalies' and players' adherence to safety rules.
Adults stay close to shore compared to some salmon species.
Adults stay near the nest throughout the day and rely upon camouflage to protect their offspring.
Adults steal four times as much as teenagers.
Adults steer clear-it s way too small.
Adults still enjoy giving a helping had to a young person who is willing to work hard.
Adults still find it very difficult to accept that adolescents, young people, are sexually active.
Adults still have enormous influence on the formation of boys' character.
Adults still insist they have lessons to teach the next generation.
Adults still pay the ultimate price for stupid mistakes.
Adults still see themselves in their mind's eye as young.
Adults still stuffer, from it, though they've passed the holding coattails and crying stage.
Adults store food in a pouch beneath underwater swimming as for flying.
Adults stridulate, or produce squeaking sounds, when captured.
Adults study a variety of topical and expository Bible study materials.
Adults study better alone than in groups because they can go at their own pace.
Adults subsist on pollen and nectar and almost always hunt only to feed larvae.
Adults suck blood, while the larvae live on decaying animal and vegetable material.
Adults suck liquids containing sweet or decaying substances.
Adults suffer from it, too.
Adults suffer from typhoid, cholera, malaria, tuberculosis and sexually transmitted diseases.
Adults suffer misery from verbal assaults from family, friends or co-workers.
Adults suffer more than the younger animals.
Adults suffer mortality.
Adults suffering from hypothyroidism show a very low rate of metabolism and are extremely lethargic.
Adults suffering from traveler's diarrhea also seem to benefit.
Adults superficially resemble honey bees and are similar to slightly larger in size.
Adults supervise choice time activities.
Adults supervise the playground at all recesses.
Adults supervise the playground at lunch and at all recesses.
Adults support children's play by providing space, opportunity and materials.
Adults support youth by modeling leadership, cooperation, and a strong service ethic.
Adults survive dry seasons.
Adults survive entire dry seasons.
Adults survive entire seasons.
Adults survive seasons.
Adults survive temperature.
Adults survive the winter under peeling bark of the sycamore tree.
Adults survive years.
Adults swim in small schools with incoming tides and move into shallow areas to feed.
Adults swim in the ocean.
Adults swim well.
Adults switch jobs or retire.
Adults switch over to warm blooded prey, rats, mice, shrews, birds and bird eggs.
Adults take a few minutes longer.
Adults take approximately seven weeks to mature in sheep.
Adults take blood meals in the fall or the following spring.
Adults take blood meals.
Adults take breaks.
Adults take care of the food.
Adults take care.
Adults take center stage, later followed by the teens.
Adults take chiefly mammals and birds while foraging in mammal burrows, on the ground, or in shrubs.
Adults take classes, too.
Adults take coffee breaks and eat doughnuts to get extra blood sugar.
Adults take courses relevant to the work world.
Adults take less responsibility for their learning than h.s.
Adults take longer and are more likely to develop complications.
Adults take longer to integrate and sometimes remain solitary.
Adults take meals.
Adults take nectar.
Adults take on an olive brown colour.
Adults take one capsule morning and evening or as directed by a health care professional.
Adults take one fluid ounce with or after one to two meals daily.
Adults take one softgel daily with a meal.
Adults take one tablet daily as a dietary supplement.
Adults take pills.
Adults take responsibility for their lives.
Adults take the concept as being so fundamental that it is called common sense.
Adults take the preparation to relieve indigestion.
Adults take turns providing a nutritious snack for all children in attendance that day.
Adults take two capsules three times a day.
Adults take two capsules twice daily with warm water before a meal.
Adults take two per day with water at meal time or as directed by a physician.
Adults take two tablets daily as a dietary supplement.
Adults take two to six tablets daily.
Adults take vacation.
Adults talk about their experiences.
Adults talk to children about the way life used to be at home.
Adults talk to doctors.
Adults talk to other adults.
Adults talk to people.
Adults talk to young people.
Adults teach life skills.
Adults teach necessary skills.
Adults teach skills.
Adults teach the young to hunt and kill.
Adults tear larger prey into smaller pieces.
Adults tend and feed larvae, preparing food with salivary secretions.
Adults tend to aggregate at sites.
Adults tend to approach learning as problem-solving.
Adults tend to avoid discussing serious subjects with kids.
Adults tend to avoid heat and thus feed mainly on the underside of young melons.
Adults tend to be a bit nasty.
Adults tend to be absent from seagrass areas.
Adults tend to be attracted to trashy fields or fields where green weeds are present.
Adults tend to be contemplative about their options.
Adults tend to be divided on the subject.
Adults tend to be more active during the day compared to other Plethodontid salamanders.
Adults tend to be more reticent about scars, more philosophical.
Adults tend to be nocturnal.
Adults tend to be predatory as well.
Adults tend to be protective of children.
Adults tend to be quite docile, but, there are some exceptions.
Adults tend to be solitary.
Adults tend to be the most motivated and conscientious students.
Adults tend to be very aggressive and territorial.
Adults tend to be very motivated to complete a graduate degree.
Adults tend to bleed here as a result of closed head injury.
Adults tend to catch salmonella after being bitten or scratched by an infected specimen.
Adults tend to develop more severe cases of the disease than children.
Adults tend to dislike being read what they can read themselves.
Adults tend to dominate discussions with children.
Adults tend to drink in social settings.
Adults tend to enjoy a variety of costumes.
Adults tend to find straightforward, self-directed, relevant material the most useful.
Adults tend to get acne along the jaw, lower cheeks, chin and neck.
Adults tend to get involved in substance abuse to alter their mood and feel better.
Adults tend to go for the more classical puzzles like famous buildings and paintings.
Adults tend to grow darker as they age.
Adults tend to have a poor memory of their own youth and why they themselves became smokers.
Adults tend to have more symptoms than do children.
Adults tend to have reddish-brown spots scattered, mostly on the hind part of the body.
Adults tend to have their defenses up.
Adults tend to let things stick in their craw.
Adults tend to maintain a foreign accent.
Adults tend to make language learning an academic pursuit.
Adults tend to muck it up with all that thinking and stuff.
Adults tend to prefer traditional programs like lectures and symposiums or workshops and classes.
Adults tend to recognize radical, dramatic changes in youth behavior.
Adults tend to remain near their breeding areas year-round while juveniles disperse in the autumn.
Adults tend to require a lower interest rate to forgo current consumption and save more.
Adults tend to romanticize their schooling.
Adults tend to seek out learning opportunities.
Adults tend to sentimentalize childhood, having blocked out of their minds what it was like.
Adults tend to spawn in concentrations on gravel bars in upper watersheds.
Adults tend to stay close to the mainland and feed in coastal bays and estuaries.
Adults tend to take flight in mid-summer.
Adults tend to talk about, and talk to, children in a variety of inappropriate ways.
Adults tend to use the one PC with Internet access for email, job searches and entertainment.
Adults tend to wake up during the night more.
Adults tend to wander through the subcutaneous connective tissues.
Adults then can live in many man-made or altered localities.
Adults then emerge and lay eggs for a second generation.
Adults then emerge and start a new generation.
Adults then emerge from the soil.
Adults then emerge from the twig galls during the winter.
Adults then feed, mate, and lay eggs for the next generation.
Adults then fly to dying elm wood to breed.
Adults then return home to eat again together with the children.
Adults then return to stream or pond to mate and oviposit.
Adults then take responsibility for passing on the stories to the following generations.
Adults There are many opportunities for adults to continue learning - some formal, some informal.
Adults think about the person they have been.
Adults think beyond themselves.
Adults think differently about life changes than children.
Adults think in broad terms and are able to make long-term projections.
Adults think in terms of the room or a fraction of the room, or perhaps the corridor outside.
Adults think it's for kids.
Adults think kids commit more crime than they actually do.
Adults think play is for kids but, in fact, play for adults is like an emotional shower.
Adults think that Teenagers are too young to experience love for another person.
Adults think that they are always right, because they have conformed to the norm.
Adults think they know what's right and wrong with teen-agers.
Adults think they're covering up well, but they never give their children enough credit.
Adults to consume much sugar.
Adults to consume nutrients.
Adults to consume sugar.
Adults tolerate increased intracranial pressure less well.
Adults too can enjoy a variety of different types of lessons.
Adults too can see with imagination's eyes, at least in Illinois.
Adults too have a remarkable repertoire of elementary vocalization forms, all tied to affect.
Adults too take classes of various sorts, studying everything from the Bible to making a budget.
Adults touched by the body or head of a snake typically remain immobile.
Adults track a succession of plant species, according to prey availability.
Adults traveling with young children tend to take longer to board and deplane.
Adults truly believe that homeschoolers are compromised in their ability to have friends.
Adults try to go around it.
Adults try to hush and still children when they threaten to overstep boundaries of consideration.
Adults try to scavenge the metal and explosives.
Adults try to unravel the trick by starting their analysis several steps from the beginning.
Adults try to ward off evil with good sense.
Adults trying to communicate with children are often more childish than the children themselves.
Adults typically accept rats readily.
Adults typically are burgundy red with a black wedge-shaped pattern on the abdomen.
Adults typically avoid each other except during the winter breeding season.
Adults typically benefit from a combination of individual and group therapy.
Adults typically develop worse symptoms, given the long exposure time required for infection.
Adults typically emerge over a three-week period but live only a few days.
Adults typically experience coryza, pharyngitis, and cough, often with lowgrade fever.
Adults typically have a reddish or rufous tail with a narrow, dark band at the tip.
Adults typically have two to five infections per year .
Adults typically have two to five infections per year.
Adults typically live three weeks or less.
Adults typically recognize cold symptoms from past experience.
Adults typically smear tree pitch around the entrance of their nest cavity, even on a nest box.
Adults typically socialize at clubs and bars.
Adults underestimate the risk of alcohol in pregnancy, particularly moderate to heavy drinkers.
Adults undergo a post-breeding molt, growing a new set of feathers.
Adults undergo an annual complete moult after breeding.
Adults undergo nutrition.
Adults understand better but still like to get praise for a job well done too.
Adults undertake a learning project to solve a problem, rather than to learn a subject.
Adults unwittingly teach youth to value drugs.
Adults use a different process to learn and retain information than children do.
Adults Use a long-handled aerial net.
Adults use a variety of vocalizations.
Adults use bikes to get to work or for basic needs like school or shopping.
Adults use both inshore and offshore areas and favor warmer water.
Adults use both strategies, but the configurational strategy seems to be particularly important.
Adults use calculators.
Adults use computers to word process, e-mail and find information on the Internet.
Adults use diets.
Adults use distraction displays to lure predators and people away from chicks.
Adults use energy.
Adults use flashes of light to attract mates .
Adults use flashes of light to attract mates.
Adults use Fortran.
Adults use host volatiles such as alpha-pinene to locate suitable host material for breeding.
Adults use it to show the strength of their feelings or simply to let off steam.
Adults use it, too, on their commute or when shopping.
Adults use letter names frequently when supporting children's reading and writing.
Adults use loud machines in place of the quiet muscle power of previous generations.
Adults use lungs.
Adults use many devices to think routinely.
Adults use models, too.
Adults Use one drop in each eye two or three times a day.
Adults use previous experiences to learn new material.
Adults use quiet voices when speaking.
Adults use scent marks to establish territorial boundaries.
Adults use style.
Adults use the content through the site map.
Adults use the gym during the morning and lunch hours to walk laps for fitness and to shed pounds.
Adults use the Internet at their own discretion.
Adults use the same pond year after year .
Adults use the same pond year after year.
Adults use TV as a babysitter.
Adults use vitamins.
Adults utilize powder down, rain, and puddles to keep clean.
Adults vary form gray to bright pink and some have mixed gray and pink coloring.
Adults vary in color from dull red to black.
Adults vary in colour from almost white to brown, grey and black.
Adults vary in length.
Adults vary in size and color according to species.
Adults vary in weight, depending on how plentiful the food supply is.
Adults view it as work.
Adults view learning as a continuous process.
Adults view the keyboard and typing as work.
Adults visit numerous flowers and migrate northward and feed on nectar.
Adults visit one another.
Adults visit the classrooms each week.
Adults visit wildflower to feed.
Adults volunteer their time to be teachers.
Adults volunteer to facilitate the programs through at least one school year.
Adults vote at just over double that rate - still pathetic.
Adults wait for the roiling floods to charge down the creek.
Adults wait to lay their eggs until temporary pools are formed by infrequent rainstorms.
Adults walk trails through the grounds, and the town's two parades start right outside the gates.
Adults walk with their front four legs and drag their back legs.
Adults wander aimlessly, many appearing drunk, hungover, ill.
Adults want jobs.
Adults wanting take-home information find a literature rack built into the last panel.
Adults watch for any conduct that falls short.
Adults watch kids everywhere, including bathrooms.
Adults watch TV on one side, while a playroom is set up on the other.
Adults watch up to twice as much television as teenagers.
Adults wear outfits.
Adults wear two kinds of masks.
Adults wear what they want.
Adults weigh about five pounds and stand about two feet high.
Adults weigh between  and .
Adults weigh in at about three-quarters of a ton per running foot.
Adults weigh kgs.
Adults weigh pounds.
Adults welcome but specialises in very young starters.
Adults welcome to stay.
Adults welcome, too.
Adults wishing to change careers can attend a Career Decision-Making Workshop.
Adults wishing to purchase sex are also a threat to street children.
Adults withstand full seawater salinity and wander widely in coastal areas.
Adults wonder why teens drop out.
Adults work as secretaries, as administrators or as facilitators only.
Adults work at their own level and their own pace.
Adults work for reasons other than money.
Adults work in the world and families own their own homes.
Adults work in therapy and radiology, liaison between surgeons and families.
Adults work long hours, commute long distances and spend little time at home.
Adults work on building houses.
Adults work through their associations to address common challenges.
Adults work to perfect their environment, but children work to perfect themselves.
Adults work together to develop curriculum and resources and create a presentation of their own.
Adults work with others who are for the most part in the same age group.
Adults work with young people, and both reap the benefits.
Adults work with youth as advisors and mentors.
Adults work, drink and play football but children go to school to learn.
Adults working in the kitchen can watch the children anywhere in the house except the bedrooms.
Adults worry about their work and their children.
Adults worry more about their own needs than about children.
Adults write letters of love, support and encouragement to the children in their lives.
An adult is an animal
Adults always look down on kids.
Adults always worry about the moral state of the next generation.
Adults frequently are nocturnal and feed on nectar, fermenting tree sap and decaying fruit.
Adults frequently assume that they easily understand the attitudes and challenges of youth today.
Adults frequently attend parties in costume.
Adults frequently fear change.
Adults frequently lose days of work because of illnesses that are expensive to treat.
Adults frequently misdirect their anger toward spouses and children.
Adults often accumulate on window sills in infested buildings.
Adults often act like two ships passing in the night unknown to each other.
Adults often attack small creatures such as squirrels and crows that threaten eggs and nestlings.
Adults often attribute their medical complaints to the stresses of work and family life.
Adults often bask on protruding willow branches in sunny places.
Adults often become infected with pertussis.
Adults often behave more combatively than children do.
Adults often burrow along axis of cone.
Adults often catch flies on the wing and are remarkably fast and agile.
Adults often consider grief an adult emotion and believe that children forget and heal quickly.
Adults often demand a more specific justification.
Adults often develop a darker mottled brown color on the carapace.
Adults often emerge from the stream simultaneously in an event called an emergence or hatch.
Adults often emerge in countless numbers within a very few hours of one another.
Adults often emerge, simultaneously, in huge numbers, and proceed to form vast mating clouds.
Adults often enjoy taking ideas or content from the lesson or Scripture and writing their own songs.
Adults often evidence pica when they crave ice, chips, salsa, chocolate, and soft drinks.
Adults often exhibit a much wider range of symptoms.
Adults often fail to realize how differently a child receives and integrates knowledge .
Adults often fear that children are too fragile to face the reality of death.
Adults often feed on twigs and foliage before laying eggs.
Adults often find employment impossible.
Adults often find it a winsome trait when a tiny fist closes around an out-held finger.
Adults often find the songs useful, too.
Adults often fly in the darkness with males chasing females in order to mate.
Adults often forget that children are powerless and have no control over their own lives.
Adults often forget that youth sports are supposed to be fun.
Adults often get it on their hands.
Adults often go into hibernation in late summer.
Adults often group together into swarms containing thousands of locusts.
Adults often have a more serious illness.
Adults often have a tendency to talk too much.
Adults often have difficulty interpreting their behavior.
Adults often have either coffee or tea in addition.
Adults often have other symptoms such as low fever, tiredness, headache, and loss of appetite.
Adults often have problems with their hands.
Adults often have to unlearn first in order to relearn.
Adults often have trouble changing their eating habits.
Adults often have white spots along the lateral line.
Adults often have white stripes on the cheeks, juveiles have a shorter crest and pale cheeks.
Adults often hold a misconception of teen-agers.
Adults often hum tunes that go through their minds, lifting their spirits and tuning their mind.
Adults often live connected to a paycheck-shaped leash.
Adults often look back on a teacher who had a stirring and positive effect upon their lives.
Adults often nectar at milkweeds.
Adults often overestimate a child's curiosity.
Adults often perpetrate sexual assault against children and adolescents.
Adults often prefer to be independent and self-directed.
Adults often prefer to have a local.
Adults often refuse to believe that their own parents make love.
Adults often relate difficulties in short- term memory and concentration.
Adults often reside in shallower waters, usually over reef bases.
Adults often respond to their children's pain with guilt.
Adults often seek out learning opportunities in order to cope with life changes.
Adults often share food with babies, juveniles and sometimes even adult children.
Adults often skip breakfast in an effort to lose weight.
Adults often snack to satisfy mid-afternoon hunger.
Adults often snack to satisfy midafternoon hunger.
Adults often stand in awe at the scale and realism of the exhibits.
Adults often think sparklers are safe even for young children.
Adults often think that children learn about reading in the primary grades.
Adults often travel away from the shore to breed.
Adults often travel considerable distances from water on rainy nights.
Adults often travel on land between burrows and water to forage for food.
Adults often use children's capacity to imitate as a means of teaching behaviors.
Adults sometimes assist minors by co-signing a contract, e.g. loans for minors.
Adults sometimes believe they are getting water when they drink coffee or tea.
Adults sometimes catch pinworms from children.
Adults sometimes cause injury when they insert eggs into twigs, producing splintering wounds.
Adults sometimes do wrong things.
Adults sometimes feign injury to distract intruders away from nests or chicks.
Adults sometimes have more than one brood in a season.
Adults sometimes know ways of dealing with problems that can help a lot.
Adults sometimes make falcon-like swoops to catch prey.
Adults sometimes migrate into tobacco fields when their favorite vegetation is scarce.
Adults sometimes return to spend their summers here, or to retire.
Adults sometimes roost in groups near the ground on short vegetation.
Adults sometimes use criticism instead of crying.
Adults sometimes use various devices to get children to eat.
Adults usually are focused, motivated, and task oriented before they come to class.
Adults usually choose from different class offerings each fall and spring.
Adults usually climb high into the nearest tree when disturbed.
Adults usually come in with long needles and bad news.
Adults usually contact the virus through direct salivary transfer.
Adults usually die in the fall or early winter.
Adults usually eat only plant food.
Adults usually emerge in a week or two.
Adults usually emerge in the mid-morning.
Adults usually enjoy children's stories, and kids often progress quickly to more complex titles.
Adults usually enter shoots in the one-year old or current year's growth.
Adults usually fly over open areas of herbaceous vegetation and sometimes roads.
Adults usually get about two to four colds per year.
Adults usually get some problem with their heart from an infection or from just growing older.
Adults usually grow to be only three or four feet tall.
Adults usually have a few days of nausea, anorexia and cramping pain.
Adults usually have a few days of nausea, anorexia, and cramping pain.
Adults usually have a few scattered spots on their back.
Adults usually have a number of burrows.
Adults usually have a very low, sad mood when they're suffering from depression.
Adults usually have acute nonlymphocytic leukemia.
Adults usually have eczema on the face, neck, inside the elbows, or behind the knees.
Adults usually have intentional exposures.
Adults usually have it on the face, neck, inside the elbows, or behind the knees.
Adults usually have little trouble relating to each other.
Adults usually have two pairs of wings.
Adults usually hear in a narrow band of sound, while babies seem to use a different approach.
Adults usually hide in crotches under heavy bunches of needles.
Adults usually hide it inside.
Adults usually live for at least several months.
Adults usually live in moist woods, where they tunnel under rocks and rotting logs.
Adults usually live outdoors and feed on the nectar and pollen of plants.
Adults usually live several months.
Adults usually make better grades too.
Adults usually mate for life.
Adults usually nest in the same locale year after year, some even using the same nest foundation.
Adults usually parasitize larger animals such as deer, cattle, or horses.
Adults usually progress two levels at a time.
Adults usually receive the injection in the upper arm and children receive it in the upper thigh.
Adults usually remove egg shells and drop a short distance from the nest.
Adults usually rest on understory vegetation in moist, forested habitats.
Adults usually return to the same burrow or a nearby area each year.
Adults usually start to migrate from their overwintering site when forsythia is in full bloom.
Adults usually stay close to mainland shores.
Adults usually stop growing due to fusion of their growth plates to the associated bones.
Adults usually think that they have the answers for everybody else's problems.
Adults usually try to ward off their depression, though their attempts are often unconscious.
Adults usually vocalize only when playing, excited or stressed.
Adults usually weigh about six ounces.
All adult rated pics require a conscious decision to view.
All adults accept the attentions, including the sharp teeth, of the cubs.
All adults are at risk for developing osteoporosis.
All adults are bad or weird.
All adults are boring.
All adults are capable of professional behavior, appropriate to the occasion.
All adults are females.
All adults are free.
All adults are functionally literate.
All adults are hip and elbow certified.
All adults are hip x-rayed and blood tested with excellent temperaments and very good type.
All adults are legally independent.
All adults are married.
All adults are responsible for the supervision and care of their children.
All adults are role models.
All adults are susceptible to severe gum disease.
All adults are that way too.
All adults are welcome to attend any of the youth instructional classes.
All adults are welcome to be potential leaders.
All adults are welcome to come out and enjoy the game.
All adults are welcome to cum on in, play, meet other like-minded people and have fun.
All adults are welcome to drop in to our ongoing adult religious exploration activities.
All adults are welcome to join and participate in the discussions.
All adults are welcome to join our singing group .
All adults are welcome to join.
All adults are welcome to our caring class.
All adults are welcome to sign up.
All adults are welcome when openings become available.
All adults are welcome.
All adults are wingless.
All adults are within one of the two gate of life and are traveling one of the two paths.
All adults can lay eggs and fertilize other snails.
All adults can swim.
All adults can vote and all adults can run for elective office.
All adults can vote.
All adults care about the growth of all students.
All adults compare new information with their previous knowledge and experience.
All adults develop bacteria to digest milk.
All adults gain stronger bones and muscles from weight bearing exercises such as walking.
All adults go through a background check and furnish references.
All adults have a duty of care to young people.
All adults have a pair of antennae on their heads.
All adults have an opportunity to be helpful and supportive to children exposed to violence.
All adults have evidence of immunity against mumps.
All adults have fatty throat pouches.
All adults have strong qualities and human frailties.
All adults have the right to complete their education through the high school level.
All adults have the right to control how they are treated through the end of their life.
All adults have the right to marry, regardless of race, country or religion.
All adults have to go to work and the kids go off to school.
All adults have to take the use of tobacco, alcohol and marijuana seriously and be afraid of it.
All adults help with the work.
All adults love sex and fucking.
All adults pay the same amount, regardless of their income level.
All adults proceed through a five-stage cycle when choosing a career, or when changing careers.
All adults require tetanus and diphtheria immunizations.
All adults serve as role models for young people.
All adults share a responsibility for protecting children from armed conflict.
All adults share parental responsibilities for the pups.
All adults share the responsibility for the well being of all children.
All adults suffer from bone loss as they grow older.
All adults taking dinner buffet can enjoy a complimentary hairy crab.
All adults welcome.
All adults work together to promote student success.
Any adult can do it.
Any adult can join.
Any adult can lessen the risk of dog bite injuries.
Any adult can participate by giving their consent on the next page and then completing the survey.
Any adult can participate.
Any adult can read the selections with profit.
Any adult can register for our courses.
Any adult has the right to decide with whom to associate.
Any adult interested in completing their sacraments are welcome to attend.
Any adult interested in the well-being of the incapacitated person can file the petition.
Any adult interested in the well-being of the ward can file the petition.
Any adult is eligible to attend our convenient, flexible and comfortable classes.
Any adult is eligible.
Any adult is sure to enjoy it.
Any adult knows perfectly well what the male orgasm is and looks like.
Any adult knows the symptoms and physical side effects caused by worry.
Any adult living in or near Concord, Massachusetts is eligible for membership in the corporation.
Any adult living in the neighbourhood is able to become an individual member.
Any adult living in the Vermillion area is eligible to take lessons or to teach.
Any adult taking a course for high school credit is free.
Any adult working or living in the area is welcome to participate.
Any adults are induced in paedogenetic larvae and develop from paedogenetic larvae.
Any adults can buy a weapon here.
Any adults wanting to play are most welcome to come and help support our program by participating.
Any adults welcome.
Every adult can be a peace mentor and a role model of peace.
Every adult can create or understand an infinite number of sentences never heard before.
Every adult has an incredible story to tell about the things that shaped their lives.
Every adult has the right to learn to read.
Every adult has to be enrolled and in theory are listed.
Every adult helps with the work.
Every adult is . . . . . . . .
Every adult is a member of one such group.
Every adult is entitled to a history.
Every adult is impacted by scientific knowledge.
Every adult is screened that has contact with the children.
Every adult is the product of both nature and nurture.
Every adult knows what it means to plot a strategy.
Every adult needs a legally written wi ll, regardless of age.
Every adult occasionally has problems and periodically experiences stress.
Every adult therefore has the opportunity to produce offspring.
Many adults acquire college-level knowledge outside the classroom.
Many adults acquire disorders of language because of stroke, head injury, dementia, or brain tumors.
Many adults admit that they sacrifice sleep hours in order to accomplish more.
Many adults also are at risk.
Many adults also attend school on a part-time basis to improve language skills and job prospects.
Many adults are afraid of marriage.
Many adults are afraid of working with teens.
Many adults are already in a position to excel in the knowledge society.
Many adults are already skeptical about buying products or services from young entrepreneurs.
Many adults are appalled at the frequency and severity of youth violence.
Many adults are farmworkers.
Many adults are free of symptoms for years.
Many adults are 'functionally illiterate' as a result of being labelled in their childhood.
Many adults are hesitant to seek personal counseling.
Many adults are interested in learning about the Internet.
Many adults are just too ignorant.
Many adults are lactose intolerant.
Many adults are on that same street.
Many adults are overweight.
Many adults are still ashamed or embarrassed by their hatred of the underaged.
Many adults are unable or unwilling to attend regular adult learning center classes.
Many adults are unaware that they are diabetic until they have a glucose test.
Many adults are uncomfortable talking about sexuality with their children.
Many adults are unsure where or how to begin spiritual practices at home.
Many adults associate education only with school.
Many adults assume that kids see right and wrong in grown-up terms.
Many adults avoid church due to the hypocrisy on the part of a church leader.
Many adults battle the bulge without lasting success.
Many adults believe that such fanciful stories have little relevance today.
Many adults can remember knowing or knowing of such a child growing up.
Many adults can respect the giftedness and any unusual actions and reactions that result from it.
Many adults care.
Many adults cherish free choice and yet have difficulty choosing.
Many adults choose a job they like based on their favorite subject in school.
Many adults choose distance education programs over traditional programs for good reasons.
Many adults complain of difficulties with attention, organization, and money management.
Many adults complain of problems with concentration, focus, or memory.
Many adults confuse crying as the hurt, rather than the healing process.
Many adults consult a calendar at least once a day.
Many adults do too.
Many adults don t know they are supposed to get immunized against disease.
Many adults doubt their ability to learn.
Many adults emerge from childhood poverty to lead successful and productive lives.
Many adults end up having the same result.
Many adults engage in self-directed learning to improve their work performance.
Many adults enjoy a drink of wine or beer with a meal.
Many adults enjoy tossing children in the air.
Many adults experience a decrease in the amount of intestinal digestive enzymes with aging.
Many adults experience challenges with normal sensory processing.
Many adults express a longing for their father's love, approval, and affection.
Many adults fear going out at night.
Many adults feel apprehensive and nervous.
Many adults feel comfortable with math.
Many adults feel it is acceptable to tell white lies when situations warrant it.
Many adults feel self-conscious about dancing, but most children love to dance.
Many adults feel that way because of faulty dietary habits.
Many adults feel the shame and stigma of being a limited reader.
Many adults feel they are limited by the circumstance of their less than perfect childhood.
Many adults feel they can cut back on fats, but worry about their children.
Many adults find it difficult to talk to their children about sex.
Many adults find lifelong friends in their playgroups.
Many adults find support, knowledge and friendship through a variety of adult classes.
Many adults find that the public library is their preferred place for learning.
Many adults find themselves out in the garden, on the golf courses and at the ball park.
Many adults find traditional continuing education programs unrewarding.
Many adults forget how often students face such frustration.
Many adults get home around then too.
Many adults get only half or less of their daily calcium requirement.
Many adults give up dancing as adult responsibilities mount.
Many adults have a deep-rooted fear of the water that can be conquered with our classes.
Many adults have a difficult time having a truly worshipful experience.
Many adults have a double coat, a fine down undercoat, covered by a coat of guard hair.
Many adults have a history of childhood abuse.
Many adults have a negative impression of teenagers.
Many adults have a romanticized vision of childhood.
Many adults have a strong belief that learning is difficult and mildly unpleasant.
Many adults have complete faith in doctors.
Many adults have difficulty imagining the questions children have when someone they love has died.
Many adults have difficulty solving complex arithmetic word problems.
Many adults have few or no symptoms.
Many adults have healthy, loving, sexual relationships without being married.
Many adults have little knowledge about computers or what their children are doing online.
Many adults have natural immunity to the diseases.
Many adults have no clear concept of internal anatomy.
Many adults have occasional abrasions, and they occur in toddlers nearly every day.
Many adults have one too.
Many adults have only mild thrombocytopenia.
Many adults have STDs.
Many adults have the intellectual tools to overcome bad incarnation.
Many adults have trouble digesting the sugar in milk.
Many adults have trouble managing and maneuvering the computer mouse.
Many adults have trouble reading or writing at a level where they can thrive.
Many adults help behind the scenes.
Many adults join one of our career and job-related classes or programs.
Many adults just like to be in the social settings where alcohol is served.
Many adults kiss to express love and affection.
Many adults lack the skills and knowledge to make sound financial decisions.
Many adults like to encourage kids in their business ventures.
Many adults like to play games for money.
Many adults listen to music while doing household chores or driving somewhere.
Many adults live alone in apartments or houses with no children involved.
Many adults look at fat and calorie content of cereal before making their choice.
Many adults look at it as the one night of the year they can dress up and act foolish.
Many adults look like wasps and fly during the day.
Many adults love the idea of bike riding more than the actual riding.
Many adults love to learn.
Many adults love to ride and enter their horses in shows.
Many adults make resolutions to be healthier, lose weight, or make more time for the family.
Many adults migrate diurnally to the surface at night, to feed on the phytoplankton.
Many adults never grow up.
Many adults nowadays avoid teenagers because of the bad publicity they have been getting.
Many adults play softball.
Many adults prefer acting like children to caring for children.
Many adults question whether they have been affected by alcoholism.
Many adults quickly gain in confidence as they receive help.
Many adults really enjoy working with youth.
Many adults recognize that the passage from dependence to self-reliance is a multidecade challenge.
Many adults require almost as much exercise as kids, according to the guidelines.
Many adults run businesses they started as a kid.
Many adults say they have time to help children.
Many adults scoff at the notion of created adventure and in some aspects it has gotten out of hand.
Many adults seek baptism, too.
Many adults seem to be substituting coffee for cola as a caffeine source.
Many adults speak of the virtue of non-judgment yet they themselves judge.
Many adults spend their entire lives as synthetic-conventional thinkers.
Many adults spend their lives in the closet .
Many adults still are uncomfortable with such devices.
Many adults still manage to learn new languages, but usually only after great struggle.
Many adults still use the Weenie Way as a form of avoidance rather than being direct and upfront.
Many adults still view their teenagers as children.
Many adults still wonder what they are going to be when they grow up.
Many adults substitute snacking for meals.
Many adults suffer from bipolar and psychotic disorders.
Many adults take one aspirin daily.
Many adults take out stress on their jaws and teeth without realizing it.
Many adults tend to be cynical, sarcastic, apathetic or resigned.
Many adults think about returning to college for a long time without taking any action.
Many adults think in roughly the same way.
Many adults think of childhood as a carefree time, full of fun and excitement.
Many adults think of young people as the church of tomorrow, but they are the church of today.
Many adults think so.
Many adults think teens are nothing but bad news.
Many adults try to help their children build the erector sets using just their fingers.
Many adults use alcohol moderately.
Many adults use candy, fruit juice or soft drinks.
Many adults use contraceptives to enjoy sexual intercourse without the woman becoming pregnant.
Many adults use our products effectively.
Many adults use the indoor pool for lap swimming or water aerobics.
Many adults visit flowers and feed on pollen, and few species are known to feed on fungi.
Many adults watch television and even play video games purely for their ability to provide escapism.
Many adults welcome the opportunity to be involved in a child's pre-school and primary education.
Many adults work as migrant laborers in South Africa.
Many adults work during the day and watch television at night.
Many adults work in retail and tourism part time as second or supplemental jobs.
Many adults work on their farms and some work outside the community.
Many adults worry about children's exposure to violence in our culture.
More adults are on antidepressants than ever before.
More adults develop joint pains, especially in the knees, then a rash.
More adults exercise regularly.
More adults get annual rectal exams.
More adults listen to rock radio in Columbus than any other format.
More adults remain on the active missing person list for longer than a year than do juveniles.
More adults report always using seatbelts than in the peer.
More adults seem to focus on proper English for various reasons.
More adults tho.
More adults treat youth as equals.
Most adults usually give candy out.
Most adult Geometridae have winged females.
Most adult mosquitoes wind up as food for birds, dragonflies, or spiders.
Most adult oriented sites start with a page that says the site is for adults only.
Most adults also bury themselves on land in the fall and return to a wetland in the spring.
Most adults also seem to like it.
Most adults are able to eat with a knife or spoon and fork.
Most adults are able to then clear the virus completely from their bodies.
Most adults are already immune and have a very small risk of exposure to poliomyelitis.
Most adults are apprehensive about their new roles as students.
Most adults are aware of it when they lie.
Most adults are aware of the dangers of smoking.
Most adults are aware of when they lie.
Most adults are colonial.
Most adults are concerned about their ability to succeed in college.
Most adults are dark red, brown, or black.
Most adults are deficient in folic acid.
Most adults are diagnosed with depressions.
Most adults are diagnosed with moderate depressions.
Most adults are eligible to give blood.
Most adults are far better at it than children.
Most adults are greenish in color and have beautiful golden-colored eyes.
Most adults are illiterate and belong to low castes.
Most adults are illiterate and keep their children at home to work.
Most adults are illiterate.
Most adults are immune to the virus through a childhood bout of chicken pox.
Most adults are immune to varicella, even if they have no history of the disease.
Most adults are inland at their nest sites, finishing the molt.
Most adults are instinctively protective of children.
Most adults are medium to large, elongate, cylindrical beetles that are often brightly colored.
Most adults are monogamous.
Most adults are more cynical and lack the expectancy of youngsters.
Most adults are nervous about attending university classes.
Most adults are non-feeding and are equipped mainly to mate.
Most adults are radially symmetrical.
Most adults are six to thirteen feet long.
Most adults are sui juris .
Most adults are sui juris.
Most adults are terrestrial, but lay eggs in water.
Most adults are through the more difficult puppy stages and make wonderful companions.
Most adults are too preoccupied with their own frenetic lives to notice.
Most adults are tourists in their own neighborhoods.
Most adults are willing to let it go.
Most adults are yellow with dark brown spots.
Most adults arrive at homes.
Most adults attain height.
Most adults avoid excess.
Most adults become greenish.
Most adults become parents.
Most adults become physiologically aroused when they hear the sound of a baby's cry.
Most adults begin life.
Most adults begin lonely life.
Most adults begin preparation.
Most adults believe marriage is a permanent institution.
Most adults believe that peer pressure is largely responsible.
Most adults breathe from the chest so less oxygen is take in with each breath.
Most adults breathe from the chest, which is known as shallow breathing.
Most adults breathe from the chest.
Most adults breed first in their second year.
Most adults bring a rich store of experiences to the learning situation.
Most adults bring food.
Most adults build shelter.
Most adults can consume large amounts of nitrate with no ill affects.
Most adults can deal with it for a brief time and most people rise to the occasion.
Most adults can drink without getting into fights or smashing up cars.
Most adults can eat with a knife or spoon and fork, and can learn to perform simple household tasks.
Most adults can finish that sentence.
Most adults can go back to work about five days after surgery.
Most adults can handle limited periods of stress and some frustration very well.
Most adults can read and write.
Most adults can receive the pneumonia vaccine.
Most adults can recognize that their actions have consequences over longer time scales.
Most adults can remember the bullies in their schools.
Most adults can remember the stresses and anxieties . . . .
Most adults can resist infection from a few cells, but become ill when ingesting millions.
Most adults can safely undergo imaging.
Most adults care for offspring.
Most adults carry burdens.
Most adults carry infants.
Most adults carry worm burdens.
Most adults catch between two to four colds a year.
Most adults check it out a time or two to see what the fuss is about and move on, never to return.
Most adults choose milk.
Most adults choose soy milk.
Most adults choose to learn through self-directed learning.
Most adults come into conditions.
Most adults come up with some way of coping with the realities of life.
Most adults commit crimes.
Most adults compete for resources.
Most adults compete for spots.
Most adults consume calories.
Most adults consume diets.
Most adults consume essential nutrients.
Most adults consume food.
Most adults consume mammals.
Most adults consume nutrients.
Most adults consume plants.
Most adults consume salt.
Most adults consume soy food.
Most adults consume vegetarian diets.
Most adults demonstrate activity patterns.
Most adults demonstrate diurnal activity patterns.
Most adults demonstrate diurnal patterns.
Most adults demonstrate patterns.
Most adults demonstrate tendencies.
Most adults depend on cooperation.
Most adults derive benefits.
Most adults develop conditions.
Most adults develop neurological conditions.
Most adults develop seven pairs of legs.
Most adults die shortly after spawning.
Most adults do have chances.
Most adults do have reasonable chances.
Most adults do the same.
Most adults drink alcohol.
Most adults drink water.
Most adults earn an interpreter's strip by working or living overseas as part of business.
Most adults eat animal food.
Most adults eat animals.
Most adults eat balance meals.
Most adults eat chocolate.
Most adults eat diets.
Most adults eat fish.
Most adults eat food.
Most adults eat fruit.
Most adults eat matter.
Most adults eat meals.
Most adults eat normal diets.
Most adults eat nothing.
Most adults eat plant food.
Most adults emerge after three to four weeks in the ground.
Most adults emerge from chambers.
Most adults emerge from hide places.
Most adults emerge from places.
Most adults enjoy benefits.
Most adults enjoy films.
Most adults enjoy healthy life.
Most adults enjoy healthy sex life.
Most adults enjoy juice.
Most adults enjoy life.
Most adults enjoy sweet juice.
Most adults enrolled in technical colleges also work.
Most adults enter college with rusty academic skills.
Most adults enter homes.
Most adults establish homes.
Most adults exchange gifts such as fruit, sweets or liquor, rather than money.
Most adults exhibit blood pressure.
Most adults exhibit expression.
Most adults exhibit lower survival.
Most adults exhibit movement.
Most adults exhibit pressure.
Most adults exhibit survival.
Most adults experience death.
Most adults experience five or six sleep cycles each night.
Most adults experience high humidity.
Most adults express memory.
Most adults fall about once every six months.
Most adults feed animals.
Most adults feed on fish.
Most adults feed on foliage.
Most adults feed on fruit.
Most adults feed on liquids.
Most adults feed on soft fruit.
Most adults feed on sugar.
Most adults feed solely on nectar produced by flowers.
Most adults feel guilty about an amputation regardless of the cause.
Most adults feel no signal to urinate until the bladder is about half full or more.
Most adults fight off infection and have no long-term health problems.
Most adults fight off the infection themselves.
Most adults find it difficult to run for a bus.
Most adults find resources.
Most adults find school bus seats too narrow.
Most adults find shelter.
Most adults find spots.
Most adults find suitable spots.
Most adults find that online delivery fits their time schedule as well as ttheir motivational level.
Most adults focus exclusively on their family.
Most adults focus on own survival.
Most adults focus on survival.
Most adults follow diets.
Most adults follow vegetarian diets.
Most adults form societies.
Most adults gain a few pounds every decade.
Most adults gain ability.
Most adults get adequate nutrition.
Most adults get diets.
Most adults get enough protein with a balanced diet.
Most adults get fresh water.
Most adults get nutrients.
Most adults get nutrition.
Most adults get water.
Most adults go through developmental stages.
Most adults go through different developmental stages.
Most adults go through different stages.
Most adults go through stages.
Most adults grow to maturity.
Most adults have a current account with either a bank or a building society.
Most adults have a dire fear of public speaking.
Most adults have a long, thin snout with chewing mouthparts at the end.
Most adults have a lot of white above and about the neck and head.
Most adults have a natural ability to decide what's in and what's out.
Most adults have a pinched waist.
Most adults have a preferred learning style.
Most adults have a residue accumulating in the digestive tract.
Most adults have a set of three hanko, each with a different design and a different use.
Most adults have a type of mole called a common mole.
Most adults have abdomens.
Most adults have ability.
Most adults have about four litres of blood.
Most adults have adequate nutrition.
Most adults have antibodies against parainfluenza although they can get repeat infections.
Most adults have appearances.
Most adults have appendages.
Most adults have at least one friend, relative or associate affected by cancer.
Most adults have at least several dozen benign moles.
Most adults have backs.
Most adults have bellies.
Most adults have bills.
Most adults have black eyes.
Most adults have bone structures.
Most adults have bones.
Most adults have breaths.
Most adults have chances.
Most adults have chest pain.
Most adults have children.
Most adults have chocolate.
Most adults have coats.
Most adults have coloration.
Most adults have conditions.
Most adults have dark eyes.
Most adults have dark gray faces.
Most adults have dark grey heads.
Most adults have deficiencies.
Most adults have distinct appearances.
Most adults have distinct coloration.
Most adults have double coats.
Most adults have enemies.
Most adults have existence.
Most adults have expectancy.
Most adults have eyes.
Most adults have eyesights.
Most adults have few natural predators.
Most adults have flight muscles.
Most adults have food.
Most adults have foreheads.
Most adults have functional mouthparts.
Most adults have get adequate nutrition.
Most adults have glands.
Most adults have glandular organs.
Most adults have good eyesights.
Most adults have growth hormone deficiencies.
Most adults have habits.
Most adults have heads.
Most adults have hearts.
Most adults have hemoglobins.
Most adults have ideas.
Most adults have immunity but can still catch the disease if it's caught by a viral strain.
Most adults have inadequate responses.
Most adults have indirect flight muscles.
Most adults have intentions.
Most adults have interest.
Most adults have irises.
Most adults have jaws.
Most adults have jobs.
Most adults have large mandibles.
Most adults have legs.
Most adults have life expectancy.
Most adults have lifespans.
Most adults have lips.
Most adults have long appendages.
Most adults have long legs.
Most adults have major predators.
Most adults have mandibles.
Most adults have many features.
Most adults have mass.
Most adults have metallic blue heads.
Most adults have mild illness with a prolonged prodrome.
Most adults have moles.
Most adults have mothers.
Most adults have mouthparts.
Most adults have mouths.
Most adults have multiple vocations, really, such as work and family.
Most adults have muscles.
Most adults have mutant offspring.
Most adults have natural enemies.
Most adults have natural predators.
Most adults have necks.
Most adults have no symptoms.
Most adults have noses.
Most adults have numbers.
Most adults have nutrition.
Most adults have offspring.
Most adults have one or two pairs of wings, attached at the thorax.
Most adults have organs.
Most adults have outer lips.
Most adults have pain.
Most adults have powerful jaws.
Most adults have predators.
Most adults have problems.
Most adults have protective antibodies.
Most adults have ranges.
Most adults have reductions.
Most adults have relatives.
Most adults have reproductive success.
Most adults have responses.
Most adults have rights.
Most adults have scenarios.
Most adults have sharp spines.
Most adults have shiny, unmarked black heads and necks with bright white labials.
Most adults have short lifespans.
Most adults have silvery eyes.
Most adults have skin.
Most adults have solitary existence.
Most adults have some source of income outside the family.
Most adults have special features.
Most adults have spines.
Most adults have strong skeletons and muscular limbs.
Most adults have structures.
Most adults have success.
Most adults have sweat glands.
Most adults have symptoms that develop over several days.
Most adults have symptoms.
Most adults have tail appendages.
Most adults have teeth.
Most adults have throats.
Most adults have time.
Most adults have to re-adjust the head position, or fall over.
Most adults have tolerance.
Most adults have types.
Most adults have ureters.
Most adults have values.
Most adults have various features.
Most adults have water.
Most adults have weight.
Most adults have years.
Most adults have yellow eyes.
Most adults have yellow irises.
Most adults help decisions.
Most adults here think aids is still a disease of homosexuals and drug addicts.
Most adults incorporate activities.
Most adults incorporate physical activities.
Most adults increase intake.
Most adults instinctively like to talk to one other.
Most adults know that seat belts save lives.
Most adults know the reasons.
Most adults lack, to some degree, the enzyme needed to digest lactose.
Most adults learn by doing.
Most adults learn to parent from the examples of their own childhood.
Most adults leave homes.
Most adults leave pools.
Most adults leave sites.
Most adults let that die.
Most adults like to go to pubs and nightclubs, but most Irish people love sports.
Most adults live and work at the beta-wave frequency or typical working condition.
Most adults live for many years.
Most adults live for the moment with a loose set of ideals and principles to which they cling.
Most adults live for years.
Most adults live in areas.
Most adults live in capital cities.
Most adults live in cities.
Most adults live in countries.
Most adults live in desert areas.
Most adults live in develop countries.
Most adults live in different habitats.
Most adults live in habitats.
Most adults live in homes.
Most adults live in households.
Most adults live in income households.
Most adults live in water but reproduce on land.
Most adults live less than a day and in some species they survive for only a matter of minutes.
Most adults live only a few days and the longest-lived last only three weeks.
Most adults live only about two weeks, during which they mate and lay eggs.
Most adults live up to years.
Most adults live where they grew up.
Most adults look like adults.
Most adults lose minerals from bone steadily throughout their life.
Most adults maintain health.
Most adults make buzz sound.
Most adults make choices.
Most adults make own choices.
Most adults make pitch sound.
Most adults make sound.
Most adults measure length.
Most adults migrate from habitats.
Most adults migrate to areas.
Most adults move to cities.
Most adults move to dry places.
Most adults move to habitats.
Most adults move to places.
Most adults move to shelter.
Most adults move to winter shelter.
Most adults never learn to eat properly.
Most adults occur in habitats.
Most adults outgrow shouting as a debating tactic.
Most adults pay attention.
Most adults perform tasks.
Most adults play games.
Most adults possess features.
Most adults practice adstinence, reflection, and purification.
Most adults prefer dogs.
Most adults prefer the support of the written word when learning languages.
Most adults present in a less acute fashion, and immediate testing is appropriate.
Most adults produce individuals.
Most adults protect offspring.
Most adults provide care.
Most adults provide extensive parental care.
Most adults provide options.
Most adults provide parental care.
Most adults raise concern.
Most adults raise dogs.
Most adults raise significant concern.
Most adults range in color.
Most adults range in size.
Most adults reach maturity.
Most adults reach sexual maturity.
Most adults react that way to horror filmsanyway.
Most adults receive adequate amounts of fluoride in their toothpastes.
Most adults receive care.
Most adults receive polio vaccines.
Most adults receive vaccines.
Most adults recognize that a career change in midlife is a major decision to have to make.
Most adults recommend intake.
Most adults recover completely from the poisonous bite in two to five days.
Most adults recover from the disease within six months.
Most adults relax while youth enjoy water frivolity.
Most adults rely on nutrients.
Most adults remain in good health.
Most adults remain in health.
Most adults remember a message after the third or fifth exposure.
Most adults remember their childhood encounter with itchy chicken pox.
Most adults require about eight hours of sleep a night to do their best the following day.
Most adults require between six and ten hours of sleep each night.
Most adults require blood.
Most adults require energy.
Most adults require food.
Most adults require inspections.
Most adults require sugary food.
Most adults reside in regions.
Most adults returning to school do so as a result of a significant change in their lives.
Most adults say they had more family dinners during their childhood than they do now.
Most adults see clouds.
Most adults seek assistance.
Most adults seek emergency disaster assistance.
Most adults seek mates.
Most adults seek shelter.
Most adults seem more interested in educational, rather than commercial, opportunities.
Most adults seem paralyzed by complacency.
Most adults show behaviour.
Most adults show concern.
Most adults show solitary behaviour.
Most adults show some loss of attachment while maintaining a functional dentition.
Most adults show some loss of probing attachment while maintaining a functional dentition.
Most adults show sorrow.
Most adults sit in front seats.
Most adults sit in passenger seats.
Most adults sit in seats.
Most adults sleep between seven and eight hours a night.
Most adults spend much time.
Most adults spend time.
Most adults stand up for themselves.
Most adults start much too rigorously.
Most adults suffer from an average of two to four colds per year.
Most adults suffer mortality.
Most adults suffer to some degree from roundworms, tapeworms, and flukes.
Most adults support the value of helping students become autonomous, self-developing individuals.
Most adults survive dry seasons.
Most adults survive entire dry seasons.
Most adults survive entire seasons.
Most adults survive seasons.
Most adults survive temperature.
Most adults survive years.
Most adults take blood meals.
Most adults take breaks.
Most adults take care.
Most adults take meals.
Most adults take vacation.
Most adults talk to doctors.
Most adults talk to people.
Most adults talk to young people.
Most adults teach life skills.
Most adults teach necessary skills.
Most adults teach skills.
Most adults teach their children to ignore anything they see or are told in dreams.
Most adults tend to emerge during the early morning or even at day-break.
Most adults think of themselves as responsible, independent, and self-directed people.
Most adults think that they are experts on the subject of education because they went to school.
Most adults tunnel and form a dung ball underground for larvae.
Most adults undergo a benign course.
Most adults undergo nutrition.
Most adults use calculators.
Most adults use diets.
Most adults use energy.
Most adults use it as therapy or to relax.
Most adults use life experiences, common sense and logic to make wise choices.
Most adults use lungs.
Most adults use style.
Most adults use vitamins.
Most adults vary in length.
Most adults view such work as nothing special.
Most adults vividly remember the fear and excitement of school's start.
Most adults vividly remember the fear and excitement of the beginning of school.
Most adults volunteer to coach because they love coaching their sport.
Most adults wear outfits.
Most adults weigh kgs.
Most adults weigh pounds.
Most adults work in the oil patch.
Most adults work in the service sector and construction field.
Some adults often believe that it is their right to control children.
Some adult leatherbacks feed on jellyfish.
Some adult leatherbacks nest on beaches.
Some adult mites feed on fluid.
Some adult mites feed on tissue fluid.
Some adult mites live for months.
Some adult worms secrete potential allergen.
Some adults accompany hunters.
Some adults alert individuals.
Some adults also attend folk high schools.
Some adults also develop bald spots if their work gear or rough clothing produces friction.
Some adults also use half the dose, based on their own experiences.
Some adults appear to be on trajectories of change.
Some adults are also active on warm, calm evenings.
Some adults are also eligible.
Some adults are better than others in making the written word interesting for small ones.
Some adults are cared for elderly parents.
Some adults are cared for parents.
Some adults are concerned, naturally.
Some adults are eligible to apply for passport renewal by mail.
Some adults are even ignorant of their ignorance.
Some adults are guilty of neglecting to pay their bills or their taxes.
Some adults are hesitant to ask questions for fear of appearing ignorant in front of their peers.
Some adults are hypersensitive to even small quantities of fluoride.
Some adults are often more prone to injury than teenagers because of attitude.
Some adults are part of the oldest group.
Some adults are satisfied to receive external respect only.
Some adults are unable to consent to sex .
Some adults are unable to consent to sex.
Some adults are very thoughtful and understanding.
Some adults are visible in the background.
Some adults are white.
Some adults are wingless.
Some adults attain length.
Some adults attribute the high school gossip scene to teen-agers' lack of communication skills.
Some adults avoid contact.
Some adults become adults.
Some adults become an even brick-red in colour.
Some adults become mature adults.
Some adults become prey.
Some adults become pruinose , with a blue or whitish powdery bloom that covers parts of the body.
Some adults believe that adolescent problems are caused by adolescents themselves.
Some adults believe that video games offer benefits over the passive medium of television.
Some adults break the laws and are punished.
Some adults bring blood.
Some adults bring fish.
Some adults can come on if they work in the engine room.
Some adults can recognize sounds in an open set with hearing alone.
Some adults can take up to nine months.
Some adults care for larvae.
Some adults cause injuries.
Some adults choose to do cometitive skating.
Some adults choose to feed on manure, rotting fruit, mud, or sap instead of nectar.
Some adults claim to be children.
Some adults compete well into their senior years.
Some adults consume fish.
Some adults consume small fish.
Some adults contain information.
Some adults defend nest territory.
Some adults defend territory.
Some adults develop asthma without IgE antibodies to allergens.
Some adults develop crops.
Some adults diagnosed with the syndrome have difficulty with empathy and social interaction.
Some adults die before years.
Some adults die from attacks.
Some adults die from bark beetle attacks.
Some adults die from internal parasites and floating oil.
Some adults die of cancer.
Some adults die of lung cancer.
Some adults discuss a recent occurrence on the court.
Some adults do battles.
Some adults do enjoy so-called entertainment that's little more than a vehicle for carnage.
Some adults do the same things some teenage drivers do.
Some adults do, however, expect too much from CR packaging.
Some adults drink cups.
Some adults drink milk.
Some adults drink nectar from flowers , others drink aphid honeydew or body fluids of their prey.
Some adults eat aquatic insects.
Some adults eat caterpillars.
Some adults eat chickens.
Some adults eat cods.
Some adults eat fly insects.
Some adults eat fungi.
Some adults eat insects.
Some adults eat mammals.
Some adults eat meat.
Some adults eat other fly insects.
Some adults eat other insects.
Some adults eat other small insects.
Some adults eat oysters.
Some adults eat prey.
Some adults eat rabbits.
Some adults eat raw oysters.
Some adults eat small insects.
Some adults eat snails.
Some adults eat soybeans.
Some adults eat walnuts.
Some adults emerge from cases.
Some adults emerge in autumn.
Some adults emerge in early autumn.
Some adults emerge in early summer.
Some adults emerge in late springs.
Some adults emerge in late summer.
Some adults emerge in springs.
Some adults emerge in summer.
Some adults emerge that summer while others overwinter in a pupal or prepupal state.
Some adults enjoy grandchildren.
Some adults enter fields.
Some adults enter fresh water.
Some adults enter hibernation.
Some adults enter homes on firewood or are attracted to home lights and accidentally gain entry.
Some adults enter rivers.
Some adults enter water.
Some adults escape notice.
Some adults even enter Salem needing only nine courses in order to complete their degree.
Some adults examine hosts.
Some adults exhibit features.
Some adults exhibit radial symmetry.
Some adults exhibit symmetry.
Some adults experience extreme test anxiety prior to the writing of provincial examinations.
Some adults experience stressful events.
Some adults experience stressful life events.
Some adults feed birds.
Some adults feed chicks.
Some adults feed on baby guppies.
Some adults feed on cotyledons.
Some adults feed on dogs.
Some adults feed on flowers.
Some adults feed on guppies.
Some adults feed on insects.
Some adults feed on juice.
Some adults feed on leaves.
Some adults feed on mammals.
Some adults feed on plant juice.
Some adults feed on plants.
Some adults feed on poisonous insects.
Some adults feed on prey.
Some adults feed on small mammals.
Some adults feed on soybeans.
Some adults feed on trees.
Some adults feed on whole leaves.
Some adults feed young birds.
Some adults feel cook skills.
Some adults feel less important as they feel more dependent on others.
Some adults feel skills.
Some adults feel the series is slow and simple.
Some adults find differences.
Some adults find partners.
Some adults find significant differences.
Some adults find the children's version of ddI easier to take than the tablets.
Some adults get butterflies.
Some adults get into the spirit of the day by also dressing up in funny costumes.
Some adults get lice.
Some adults get tunnels.
Some adults go skinny-dipping.
Some adults handle infection.
Some adults have a limited ability to use the telephone.
Some adults have a lot of trouble enjoying themselves.
Some adults have bars.
Some adults have black feathers.
Some adults have black markings on the snout and toes.
Some adults have black spots.
Some adults have body length.
Some adults have brown zebras.
Some adults have bushy crests.
Some adults have clear wings.
Some adults have crests.
Some adults have diabetes.
Some adults have different requirements.
Some adults have difficulty.
Some adults have disability.
Some adults have drinks at a party.
Some adults have eat prey.
Some adults have exoskeletons.
Some adults have feathers.
Some adults have fitnesses.
Some adults have have attacks.
Some adults have hoods.
Some adults have larvae.
Some adults have length.
Some adults have long snouts.
Some adults have prescriptions.
Some adults have prey.
Some adults have regions.
Some adults have requirements.
Some adults have schools.
Some adults have sensors.
Some adults have shields.
Some adults have shoots.
Some adults have short blunt snouts.
Some adults have short snouts.
Some adults have sides.
Some adults have snouts.
Some adults have soft exoskeletons.
Some adults have spots.
Some adults have states.
Some adults have symptoms of gas, bloating and diarrhea after eating dairy products.
Some adults have trouble receiving without returning the favor, without feeling indebted.
Some adults have unresolved issues from their own childhood.
Some adults have white wing bars.
Some adults have width.
Some adults have wing length.
Some adults have wings.
Some adults have zebras.
Some adults invade homes.
Some adults involve in outbreaks.
Some adults involved in the 'dance scene' also use inhalants to heighten their experience.
Some adults lack capacity.
Some adults lack enzymes.
Some adults lack lactase.
Some adults learn about birds.
Some adults learn about chickens.
Some adults leave colonies.
Some adults leave hunt territory.
Some adults leave territory.
Some adults leave water.
Some adults like to be petted on the back or under the chin.
Some adults limit consumption.
Some adults limit intake.
Some adults live for few weeks.
Some adults live for months.
Some adults live for several weeks.
Some adults live for weeks.
Some adults live in apartments.
Some adults live through the winter hidden under plant litter.
Some adults look like crabs.
Some adults look like small crabs.
Some adults look young.
Some adults lose pets.
Some adults lose pounds.
Some adults lose tails.
Some adults love cats.
Some adults maintain intake.
Some adults make a transition.
Some adults migrate from environments.
Some adults migrate from fields.
Some adults migrate from marine environments.
Some adults migrate south in the fall.
Some adults monitor decisions.
Some adults move from positions.
Some adults move from sites.
Some adults never outgrow the fad craze.
Some adults now choose to be treated at the same time as their children.
Some adults object to the magic in the book.
Some adults occupy establish home ranges.
Some adults occupy ranges.
Some adults occur from costral part on rare occations.
Some adults occur under the small dam during the breeding season.
Some adults participate in breeds.
Some adults participate in recreational sports.
Some adults participate in sports.
Some adults possess lice.
Some adults possess wings.
Some adults prefer a small goggle that sits in the socket.
Some adults prefer areas.
Some adults prefer intermediate salinity.
Some adults prefer recently cut logs and others seasoned logs.
Some adults prefer salinity.
Some adults prey on mammals.
Some adults prey on snakes.
Some adults produce babies.
Some adults produce healthy babies.
Some adults produce many offspring.
Some adults produce offspring.
Some adults produce spores.
Some adults provide necessary nourishment.
Some adults provide nourishment.
Some adults push body weight.
Some adults push own body weight.
Some adults push weight.
Some adults raise falcons.
Some adults raise individuals.
Some adults reach full height.
Some adults reach height.
Some adults reach length.
Some adults reach shell length.
Some adults receive chemotherapy.
Some adults receive therapy.
Some adults recover from giardiasises.
Some adults reduce intake.
Some adults reduce production.
Some adults regard humour in children's books as somehow second-rate.
Some adults regularly visit a dermatologist to help find conditions such as skin cancer early.
Some adults regurgitate food.
Some adults remain with parents.
Some adults remove fungi.
Some adults rent motel rooms for minors on prom or graduation nights.
Some adults repeat the life cycle but most go into hibernation.
Some adults report diagnoses.
Some adults report physician diagnoses.
Some adults require attention.
Some adults require immediate attention.
Some adults require immediate medical attention.
Some adults require intake.
Some adults require medical attention.
Some adults require orthodontics as one of the stages in restorative dentistry.
Some adults retain certain characteristics.
Some adults retain characteristics.
Some adults retain larval characteristics.
Some adults retain patterns.
Some adults return to burrows.
Some adults return to habitats.
Some adults return to terrestrial habitats.
Some adults return to territory.
Some adults ride ponies.
Some adults say being a teenager is easy.
Some adults search for ranges.
Some adults see it as the new drug of choice among youth.
Some adults seek insect spiders.
Some adults seek mammals.
Some adults seek orthodontic treatment simply because they want a more attractive smile.
Some adults seek spiders.
Some adults seek treatments.
Some adults seek weight loss treatments.
Some adults seem to think so.
Some adults share small cages.
Some adults share the meal preparation and involve the children more actively as they become older.
Some adults show capacity.
Some adults show patterns.
Some adults simply throw up their hands.
Some adults sit and read in a quiet spot or have a family lunch at the picnic tables.
Some adults sit quietly, frowning.
Some adults smoke cigarettes.
Some adults spend lots of money having professional facialists rub goop into their skin.
Some adults stay in shelter.
Some adults suffer from constipation.
Some adults suffer from disorder.
Some adults suffer from lack.
Some adults suffer from sleep disorder.
Some adults suffer occasional predation.
Some adults suffer predation.
Some adults supervise games.
Some adults survive predators.
Some adults take flight.
Some adults take growth hormones.
Some adults take hormones.
Some adults take human growth hormones.
Some adults take human hormones.
Some adults take stimulants.
Some adults take sugar.
Some adults take therapy.
Some adults teach members how to do things and are called project volunteers.
Some adults teach members to do things.
Some adults teach pups.
Some adults think it's cute.
Some adults think it's hard to understand kids.
Some adults think parenting means avoiding confrontation at all costs.
Some adults think teens are rebels.
Some adults think that they can get away with anything and are now getting caught.
Some adults think that violence in certain forms is funny.
Some adults travel to regions.
Some adults try to act like kids, while others try to dress like kids.
Some adults use flippers.
Some adults use flukes.
Some adults use hooks.
Some adults use large serving trays as sleds to ride down stairs in a house.
Some adults use mud.
Some adults use suckers.
Some adults vary in color.
Some adults wear appropriate safety equipment.
Some adults wear contact lenses.
Some adults wear diapers for fun.
Some adults wear equipment.
Some adults wear lenses.
Some adults wear safety equipment.
Adulterants are all over the board.
Adulterants can also cause health problems.
An adulterant is a substance
Adulteration can also consist of selling mislabeled mixes of different saffron grades .
Adulteration can also consist of selling mislabeled mixes of different saffron grades.
Adulteration can also consist of selling mislabelled mixes of different saffron grades.
Adulteration covers more than merely microbial contamination.
Adulteration is an impurity
Adulterers are fornicators who violate a marriage, their own or someone else's.
Adulterers break their marriage covenants.
Adulterers get a fair shake in employment, benefits, housing.
An adulterer is a libertine
Adulterous lovers meet for a hurried tryst.
Adultery begins with that thought and has devastating consequences.
Adultery brings judgment.
Adultery can be a healthy way of dealing with stress in a marriage.
Adultery causes pain.
Adultery causes rage.
Adultery causes tremendous agony.
Adultery creates pain and distress and is the wrecker of families.
Adultery destroys marriages.
Adultery devastates whole families as it crushes our mate and cripples our children.
Adultery is free love
Adultery is sin.
Adultery leads to the collapse of the home.
Adultery leads to the death of our relationships within our family.
Adultery means impure.
Adultery occurs when a married man or a woman has a relationship with another person.
Adultery refers to marital infidelity.
Adultery remains adultery , divorce or no divorce , remarriage or no marriage .
Adultery rends the cleaving.
Adultery starts small and ends big.
Adultery turns millions of father's hearts from their children.
Adultery always defrauds someone other than the two participants in the act.
Adulthood begins at the age of four.
Adulthood brings scant relief.
Adulthood brings with it perspective.
Adulthood can do that to a guy.
Adulthood comes a few years later when they can fend entirely for themselves.
Adulthood comes at an early age to rural children, especially the girls.
Adulthood encompasses a great deal of independence, responsibility, and reliability.
Adulthood has (part) menopause.
Adulthood has (part) middle ages.
Adulthood has positive and negative points.
Adulthood includes a great deal of independence, responsibility, and reliability.
Adulthood includes many rights and responsibilities.
Adulthood is a green area when money is a concern in order to form a family.
Adulthood is a period
Adulthood is a process.
Adulthood is a transition between the beginning and the end of life, a continuing journey.
Adulthood is a wonderful thing.
Adulthood is a wonderful time of life.
Adulthood is an opportunity to redesign holiday traditions.
Adulthood is complex, guarded - And often garbled.
Adulthood is defined by mating, which occurs every two to three years.
Adulthood is distinguished by a kind of haphazard shape.
Adulthood is exactly an expansion of consciousness, btw.
Adulthood is just about being big, it's about knowing when it is okay to be small again too.
Adulthood is kind of a disappointment in many ways.
Adulthood is knowledge and knowledge is the fruit of survival.
Adulthood is maturity.
Adulthood is often a time when the pace of learning slows, due in part to diminished opportunity.
Adulthood is real.
Adulthood is scary in a sense.
Adulthood is when people form long-lasting romantic relationships.
Adulthood isa period.
Adulthood legally begins at eighteen or twenty-one for good reason.
Adulthood means being sensitive to social context and choosing speech accordingly.
Adulthood means different things to different people.
Adulthood means discipline, self-control, judgment, responsibility, and justice.
Adulthood means the right to make our own decisions about our life.
Adulthood stops being fun when big ideas are flattened to fit through the proper channels.
Adulthood takes fun out of vacation .
Adulticide therapy involves arsenic compounds and hence, potential complications.
Adults learners resent being threatened, coerced or tricked into learning something new.
Adults students pay full rate.
AdvaCAL capsules are smaller and easier to swallow than other calcium tablets.
Advance amateur astronomers use telescopes.
Advance copies are available to the news media.
Advance copies are possible.
Advance copies are sometimes otherwise available.
Advance cynodonts have features.
Advance directive is a general term that applies to two types of legal documents.
Advance directives are a choice for people who wish to exercise their autonomy as long as possible.
Advance directives are a positive change, one that empowers patients.
Advance directives are an extension of a consumer's informed choice of treatment.
Advance directives are choice.
Advance directives are especially pertinent for care near the end of life.
Advance directives are one way to exercise power and dignity in the face of death.
Advance directives are welcome means to foster responsible decisions at the end of life.
Advance directives can be a real tool for empowering individuals with mental illness.
Advance directives can take many forms.
Advance directives come in two forms, instructional and proxy .
Advance directives have several functions.
Advance directives is one key phrase.
Advance directives offer a measure of control in the circumstances of one's death.
Any advance directive made under the old laws is still valid.
Advance man is an easy role to play in a culture that often resists challenge and change.
Advance materials reduce cost.
Advance materials reduce operate cost.
Most advance materials reduce cost.
Most advance materials reduce operate cost.
Advance merchandise is available for sale now as collectables.
Advance parole allows an individual to travel abroad and return to the United States.
Advance parole is available for any legitimate personal or business reason.
Advance parole is only available to people who have applied for adjustment of status.
Advance payment avoids future increases in the comprehensive fee.
Advance payment is a request for payment of benefits in advance.
Advance payment is accepted in the form of a money order or cashier's check.
Advance payment is also preferred involving discount on the price.
Advance payment is appreciated.
Advance payment is non-refundable.
Advance payment is preferred for custom orders.
Advance payment is requested for all advertisements.
Advance payment is requested.
Advance payment is required .
Advance payment is required for all Ads.
Advance payment is required for all classes.
Advance payment is required for all classified advertising.
Advance payment is required for all display advertising until a credit account is established.
Advance payment is required for all listings.
Advance payment is required for all orders.
Advance payment is required for all programs.
Advance payment is required for all purchases.
Advance payment is required for all subscriptions.
Advance payment is required for classified ads and first-time display ads.
Advance payment is required for classified ads.
Advance payment is required for duplication services.
Advance payment is required for employment listings.
Advance payment is required for new customers.
Advance payment is required for orders that are mailed.
Advance payment is required for services.
Advance payment is required for special rates.
Advance payment is required for the six-month circulation .
Advance payment is required in most situations.
Advance payment is required on all fees.
Advance payment is required on all orders.
Advance payment is required to confirm a position on a course.
Advance payment is required to confirm dinner theatre reservations.
Advance payment is required, no exceptions.
Advance payment is required.
Advance payment is strongly encouraged and required if paying for housing.
Advance payment is the only option available to students.
Advance payment required to ensure placement as course participation is limited.
Advance payments are also available to help cash flow.
Advance payments are limited to the first nights lodging only.
Advance payments depend on the amount of the last known tax.
Advance payments is required for all first-time advertisers.
All advance payments are by credit card only and are non-refundable.
All advance payments are non-refundable.
All advance payments are to be made by credit card, check, or money order.
All advance payments constitute prepaid amounts to be applied to rental charges.
Advance placement is possible depending on past experience.
Advance sheets update code with new ordinances, to within one or two months of the current date.
Advance techniques offer accuracy.
Advance techniques require information.
Advance technology encourages growth.
Advance technology has effects.
Most advance technology encourages growth.
Most advance technology has effects.
Advance therapsids have ancestors.
Advance therapsids have common ancestors.
Advance applies to forward movement, esp.
Advance bookings up to one week are possible.
Advance examines the place of early intervention in the diseases of old age.
Advance handle with judgement to bunch slack and to maintain desired braking effort.
Advance has deep pockets and is staking a huge claim on the Web.
Advance hopes to open the store in spring.
Advance is a public-private partnership committed to improving and diversifying the local economy.
Advance is a system for delivering multimedia training to the desktop.
Advance is adjustable at idle and over the powerband.
Advance is also the leading supplier of product and service to lighting system manufacturers.
Advance is an affordable, intensive course of study designed specifically for working adults.
Advance is based on mastering core skills at each level.
Advance is followed by provisional and then final.
Advance is now in the earth.
Advance is slow acting, allowing the worker ants time to take it back to the colony.
Advance is the most spectacular and looks like a great flame-red poppy.
Advance is the third theme that provides softer hues and a choice between leather and cloth.
Advance is used in speaking of something as moving forward.
Advance keeps track of every aspect of a booking, from proposal to contract to stage.
Advance looks at the figure are available via Internet fan pages and collectors' magazines.
Advance now features similar services at places like Michigan and Alabama Live.
Advance offers the best value.
Advance permits available upon request.
Advance plans to manufacture magnetic ballasts for many many years.
Advance provides the best paint finish in the industry.
Advance reading from a provided list is required.
Advance registering for the seminar by at least a week prior to the seminar is best.
Advance searching options also are available.
Advance selling on future races is provided in all systems.
Advance slides with mouse clicks.
Advance standing for all other program requirements is determined at the divisional level.
Advance still has submittal-ready specifications available for our ballasts.
Advance written permission is required for any other use.
Advances are also available when necessary to pay for program expenses when at an off-campus site.
Advances are always fragile and at risk.
Advances are available as of the first day of classes.
Advances are available by direct credit and cheque.
Advances are available for pick up on the date requested at the following pick up locations.
Advances are available only if direct pay or credit card payment is impossible.
Advances are billings made to a specific job ticket before any costs have been added.
Advances are customary.
Advances are easy to get, just pick up the phone.
Advances are endless, and all come from research and new ideas.
Advances are for a one-year term.
Advances are good business practice.
Advances are increases.
Advances are made by answering questions.
Advances are more subtle now, like learning more about methodology.
Advances are most visible on the industrial side,and somewhat less on the cultural.
Advances are possible.
Advances are remarkable in some areas - communication, computing and medicine.
Advances are sums.
Advances are the inventions that make our civilizations move ahead.
Advances being made by researchers provide hope for the future.
Advances can also introduce added complexity, which can increase our difficulty and frustrations.
Advances continue to be made in the development of both color and sound.
Advances depend on previous mastery of simpler problems.
Advances happen quickly, and the momentum can be irresistible.
Advances have spin-off applications in cable television and voice recognition software.
Advances looks for fresh thinking, vigorous debate, and careful analysis.
Advances made in public administration reform are very positive.
Advances psychology as a science, a profession, and a means of promoting human welfare.
Advances publishes research papers on all aspects of monitoring and modelling the environment.
Advances range from a couple of hundred dollars to millions.
Advances take place at specified stages of construction.
An advance is travel
Any advance is good.
Every advance grows from an ideal.
Every advance is initiated by some interested individual or group.
Every advance seems more difficult to resist.
Many advances are available but standards and training are needed.
More advance d players make up their own word using the blank squares.
Most advances represent a specific technology.
Some advance features enable companies.
Some advances allow higher resolution.
Advanced access is provided by paid subscription.
Advanced accounts provide full control to redirect additional domains to subdirectories.
Advanced activities explore extrapolation, rate of change, and functions.
More advanced activities are elective.
More advanced activities introduce students to cloning and DNA fingerprinting.
Advanced age adds to the potential impact of any heart failure risk.
Advanced age contributes to a host of diseases.
Advanced age is a major risk factor, as is high blood pressure, heart disease, smoking and diabetes.
Advanced age is a risk factor for falls leading to death or hospitalization.
Advanced age is associated with delayed wound healing and repair.
Advanced age is given as the cause of death.
Advanced age makes a tough job even tougher.
Advanced air sealing tightens the house against heat robbing air leaks.
Advanced airway adjuncts as needed.
Advanced alcoholism has significant physical findings depending on the degree of deterioration.
Advanced algorithms eliminate false coverage problems seen in traditional code coverage tools.
Advanced aliens can construct starships able to cross the stars, but they are terrible shots.
Advanced amateurs are eligible for the skins match.
More advanced animals have symmetry.
Advanced animation exercises including animating with parametrics.
Advanced announcement is necessary to ensure availability of licensee personnel and documents.
Advanced antihistamines are available for children ages two and up.
Advanced appointments please to guarantee the craftsman is in.
Advanced appointments welcome.
Advanced approval is required for all car rentals.
Advanced approval is required for use of incidental leave except for emergencies.
Advanced approval is required.
Advanced arthritis affects different joints of the body in different ways.
Advanced assessment is stressed as the foundation of clinical decision making.
Advanced authentication incorporates at least two factors.
Advanced beginner is prerequisite for intermediate.
Advanced beginners welcome .
Advanced believers are responsible to provide basic teaching to untaught believers.
Advanced betas are usually quite reliable.
Advanced biology is one of the most difficult subjects for high school students.
Advanced biology requires the study of ethnic groups.
Advanced bodybuilders can do more.
More advanced books use the entire page for instruction, with students responding on separate paper.
Advanced booking is advisable, especially at the weekend, because of club competitions.
Advanced booking is advisable.
Advanced booking is advised.
Advanced booking is essential for all groups.
Advanced booking is essential.
Advanced booking is highly recommended and a private car park is available.
Advanced booking is highly recommended.
Advanced booking is recommended and tackle can be supplied.
Advanced booking is recommended as classes fill quickly.
Advanced booking is recommended because of the distance to the Northeast corner of Washington.
Advanced booking is recommended, especially at peak times.
Advanced booking is recommended.
Advanced booking is requested to ensure that catering and accommodation is sufficient.
Advanced booking is required for using the special facilities.
Advanced booking is required.
Advanced bookings are essential.
Advanced bookings are preferred and can be made by telephoning the library.
Advanced bookings are up.
Advanced bookings welcome, and strongly recommended for the summer season.
Advanced brain imaging facilities allow rapid and accurate diagnoses.
Advanced brewers start from whole grains instead of extract.
Advanced browsers handle also graphics by activating previewers to consult graphics files.
Advanced buses provide a springboard for new technologies that can help solve our diesel dilemma.
Advanced calculator features dozens of useful mathematical functions.
More advanced calculators do things as well as compute an integer.
Advanced calls are preferred, as schedules fill promptly.
Advanced cameras have a wide range of shutter speeds.
Advanced camp is intentionally tough and extremely challenging.
Advanced campers participate in overnighter activities and the high ropes course.
Advanced campers venture onto the Internet, learning research skills and Web page design.
Advanced cancers require removal of the entire larynx.
Advanced capitalism requires constant economic growth.
Advanced cases can be fatal.
Advanced cases can cause bladder infections, kidney damage, or sexual disability.
Advanced cases can result in ulcerated skin tumors and localized involvement of lymph nodes .
Advanced cases require hospitalization and close supervision.
Advanced cases require removing a wider area around the tumor, making it risky to spare the nerves.
Advanced cases result in replacement of parenchyma by pressure atrophy with associated organomegaly.
More advanced cases can involve aching joints and neurological damage.
More advanced cases can present symptoms when performing normal activities or while at rest.
More advanced cases produce a clearer pattern of symptoms, including muscle tremors.
More advanced cases require surgery to decompress and transpose the nerve out of the cubital tunnel.
More advanced cataracts cause a dulling of colors.
Advanced Category Looks under specific category topics for programs.
More advanced cells are eukaryotes with a nucleus and organelles .
More advanced cephalopods have internal shells.
Advanced ceramics are hard, tough and durable and have three times the strength of a decade ago.
Advanced ceramics encompass a variety of materials, markets, and applications.
Advanced certification is an entirely different story.
Advanced certification is based on proven judgement, ability and service.
Advanced certification is useful, but very few people know about it.
Advanced changes give the breast a nodular consistency.
Advanced chapters cover database access and applications integration.
More advanced chapters deal with networks, e-mail, and the Internet.
More advanced chargers offer discharging circuits, peak detection, and rapid charging.
Advanced chlamydia can cause infection of the appendix, heart and liver.
Advanced chords are also identifiable under the numbering system.
Advanced Circuits specializes in engineering prototypes and quickturn production.
Advanced circuitry detects slight changes in voltage and current to ensure complete charge.
Advanced circuitry provides complete protection against shortcircuit and overload conditions.
Advanced cirrhosis can lead to impaired mental ability, coma and death.
Advanced civilisation is one and the same thing as arduous problems.
Advanced civilizations have perfect driving records.
Advanced class focuses on casting.
Advanced class goes into more difficult stages of disease and advanced uses of the work.
Advanced class is attended by members of the dojo who are able to practice in an intense way.
Advanced class is for people who have previous piano or keyboard experience.
Advanced class requires audition.
Advanced classes are also available.
Advanced classes are available for seasoned golfers.
Advanced classes are for dogs already in competition.
Advanced classes are in planning stages.
Advanced classes are more demanding than academic classes.
Advanced classes are open to lamas that capable of competing at the advanced level.
Advanced classes are open to students that meet appropriate prerequisites.
Advanced classes are usually small, and make use of technology as appropriate.
Advanced classes assume knowledge of basics and are focused more on application of techniques.
Advanced classes can expect vocabulary assignments each wee.
Advanced classes can then apply experimental design concepts to real world data collection.
Advanced classes can use statistical techniques to examine the significance of their results.
Advanced classes complete tasks related to personal fitness and stroke refinement.
Advanced classes explore different bowing styles as well as score reading.
Advanced classes focus entirely on training at an advanced level.
Advanced classes focus on food and nutrition, veterinary care and hunt-seat riding.
Advanced classes focus on specific disciplines and assignment-oriented instruction.
Advanced classes have prerequisites.
Advanced classes have specific emphases.
Advanced classes meet for two hours three times per week.
More advanced classes are available for experienced radio operators.
More advanced classes are currently only available offline inperson.
More advanced classes discuss vector fields, flux and circulation.
More advanced classes take advantage of our specialized software for learning via the Web.
Some Advanced classes cost less.
More advanced clients are in development for multiple platforms and uses.
Advanced climbers welcome.
Advanced clinics focus on rolling, refining skills and gaining river experience.
Advanced coatings are now available which hasten the bonding of titanium with adjacent bone.
Advanced coders can rely on the text as a source reference and training guide.
Advanced commands NetBSD comes with a number of commands that deal with audio devices.
Advanced Commands Pressing the Advanced button in the main window brings up the Advanced window.
More advanced components are also available.
Advanced computer controlled fuel systems diagnosis and repair is emphasized.
Advanced conceptualization requires advanced symbolic language facility.
Advanced configuration is done through a Web browser, a tool most everyone knows how to use.
Advanced connectivity enables compatibility with a wide variety of analog and digital inputs.
Advanced construction prepares food quickly and deliciously.
Advanced consultations are strongly encouraged.
Advanced contact is required.
Advanced controls experience a big plus.
Advanced controls provide antialiasing and color control.
Advanced controls provide antialiasing and colour control.
Advanced coordination is required to position platform at orchestra depth.
Advanced copies are available from the press contacts below.
Advanced copies are out.
Advanced countries use steel about three to five times more than cement compared to India.
Any advanced country needs universities.
Many advanced countries have various church leaders statements etc.
Advanced course applies financial analysis and theory to real estate.
Advanced course are available for both research students and MSc students.
Advanced course consists of the composition of an essay and specialized items from individual study.
Advanced course covers radial and angular drawings and measurement.
Advanced course expands the characteristics of the bi-disciplinary background into three cpirses.
Advanced Course means sophomore level or above.
Advanced course requires basic course completion.
Advanced courses allow deeper study of central issues in Christian thought.
Advanced courses allow each student to develop fully an area of interest.
Advanced courses allow existing users to further develop their knowledge and skill base.
Advanced courses are also available for continuing education purposes.
Advanced courses are also available.
Advanced courses are available as core and elective in the second and third year curriculum.
Advanced courses are available for students in business, psychology and other majors.
Advanced courses are available on all trips.
Advanced courses are available.
Advanced courses are individualized and highly independent.
Advanced courses are open to any student who chooses to enroll.
Advanced courses are optional.
Advanced courses are primarily for the latter stages of doctoral study.
Advanced courses are quite small, and all are taught by faculty.
Advanced courses build upon basic subjects and prepare cadets for commissioning.
Advanced courses can require more serious compass use.
Advanced courses cover problems of query languages and theory of relation databases.
Advanced courses cover such specialized areas as molecular genetics, ecology, and marine biology.
Advanced courses cover such topics as insect ecology, aquatic entomology, and physiology.
Advanced courses delve into algorithms, theory of computation, graphics, and machine learning.
Advanced courses depend critically on their lower level prerequisites.
Advanced courses differ depending on the particular curriculum.
Advanced courses emphasize independent investigation leading to a personal expression.
Advanced courses enhance employment prospects while building higher skill level.
Advanced courses examine various contemporary topics from an interdisciplinary viewpoint.
Advanced courses explore the specific expertise of faculty members.
Advanced courses feature theories of marketing, consumer behavior and international business.
Advanced courses focus on specialized issues and age periods.
Advanced courses have language and subject prerequisites.
Advanced courses increase working knowledge of the language.
Advanced courses offer a chance to dive deep into rest, relaxation, and rejuvenation.
Advanced courses prepare students for graduate work and for a variety of career paths.
Advanced courses prepare students for specialized welding jobs.
Advanced courses prepare students to become system engineers and network administrators.
Advanced courses provide depth and breadth in computer science.
Advanced courses provide further exposure to critical thinking and the communication of ideas.
Advanced courses provide intensive studio experience and the dynamics of a critical dialogue.
Advanced courses provide preparation for assistantships and internships and for further study.
Advanced courses require conference work with primary sources.
Advanced courses require pre-registration.
Advanced courses require students to apply what they have learned to real-world situations.
Advanced courses require that one of the two basic courses be taken as a prerequisite.
Advanced courses seize upon issues of the day, keeping the curriculum dynamic and topical.
Advanced courses teach the methodology of scholarly investigation.
Advanced courses use the computer as a tool.
All advanced courses presuppose at least six semester hours of social science.
Many advanced courses are also available as electives.
Many advanced courses are also available.
Many advanced courses simulate lawyers' actual work with scenarios drawn from law practice.
More advanced courses are also available.
More advanced courses are available for practitioners.
More advanced courses examine particular historical moments, cultural sites, or cultural practices.
More advanced courses furnish necessary mathematical background for a variety of majors.
More advanced courses have even fewer students to allow for individual instruction.
More advanced courses prepare students for majors in mathematics, science and engineering.
More advanced courses take the navigator cross-country.
Most advanced courses count as one credit.
Most advanced courses involve cases or projects requiring computer modeling and analysis.
Some advanced courses have additional prerequisites.
Some advanced courses have prerequisites.
Some advanced courses require pre-requisite introductory courses.
Advanced coursework builds on core to provide breadth and depth.
Advanced coursework emphasizes collaboration with producers, editors, and directors of photography.
Advanced coursework includes comparative policy analysis and comparative environmental regulation.
Advanced coverage includes change cases, framework cases, and more.
Advanced credit is determined on an individual basis.
Advanced credit is only for students who have passed eighth grade.
Advanced credit requires completion of projects and research papers of larger scope and difficulty.
Advanced dancers can lift their partners up onto outstreched arms above the head.
Advanced dancers can perform complex steps while chatting on about the kind of day they had.
Advanced dancers hold the frame wider and higher than social dancers .
Advanced dancers hold the frame wider and higher than social dancers.
More advanced dancers have solo costumes.
More advanced dancers wear solo costumes.
Advanced decay can result in limb or trunk breakage during adverse weather.
Advanced decay is associated with cracks, weak branch unions, or other defects.
Advanced decay is laminated and has white mycelium with brownish hairs in it.
Advanced degree is a plus.
Advanced degree is also a plus.
Advanced degree is an advantage.
Advanced degree is desirable.
Advanced degree is highly desirable.
Advanced degree is highly desired.
Advanced degree is preferred.
Advanced degree is strongly preferred.
Advanced degree is welcomed.
Advanced degree related to public or health care administration is preferred.
Advanced degrees are a plus.
Advanced degrees are also desirable in the military.
Advanced degrees are available in the wood science area.
Advanced degrees are available through an interactive network.
Advanced degrees are desirable in areas related to the job assignment.
Advanced degrees are desirable.
Advanced degrees are necessary for college or university teaching.
Advanced degrees are often desirable for individuals pursuing careers as researchers.
Advanced degrees are preferable in areas related to the job assignment.
Advanced degrees are preferable in areas related to the job duties.
Advanced degrees are preferred.
Advanced degrees are varied and can require extensive study beyond the bachelors level.
Advanced degrees are welcome.
Advanced degrees can lead to professional work in and outside of academia.
Advanced degrees do more for teacher salaries than student proficiency.
Advanced degrees help speed career development.
Advanced degrees help to open job opportunities both in the public and private sectors.
Advanced degrees increase candidate desirability.
Advanced degrees mean salary benefits in almost all school systems.
Advanced degrees offered in physics are the master of science and the doctor of philosophy.
Advanced degrees prepare a graduate to work in areas that require a higher technical level.
Advanced degrees require further study.
More advanced degrees are necessary for college professors.
Most advanced degrees require some sort of standardized test.
Advanced demos illustrate the functionality of systems and filters built with fixed-point blocks.
Advanced design keeps the interiors clean, dry and fresh.
Advanced design leads to innovation based on tradition.
Advanced design provides a very stable drift-free output requiring less frequent calibration.
Advanced design provides high x-ray intensity and long tube life.
Advanced designs incorporate electromagnetic means for the same purpose.
Many advanced designers prefer to use site designers instead of coding the sites themselves.
More advanced developers can probably apply image processing techniques to make even cooler effects.
Advanced diabetes can cause blindness, kidney disease and severe nerve damage.
Advanced diabetes can lead to numbness in the feet.
Advanced dictations are available on completion of the required coursework.
Advanced directives can have a powerful impact on how clinical care decisions are made.
Advanced disciples can serve as channels for the guru's grace.
Advanced disease can cause perforation of the bowel, leading to infection.
Advanced disease can show abdominal fluid and severe bleeding.
More advanced disease needs at least two weeks of intravenous penicillin or cefotaxime.
Advanced drawing includes process piping, structural steel, sheet metal and machine drawings.
Advanced drawing prepares students to take the industry standard AutoCAD certification exam.
Advanced drills can replace the reamer, as well as the conventional center or starting drill.
Advanced drills have smaller chisels and thinner webs than older drill points.
More advanced drinks add more liquors and mixers and play with the proportions.
Many advanced economies have such laws.
Advanced education can lead to supervisory, administrative, and teaching positions.
Advanced education is a high priority.
Advanced education is considered a privilege.
Advanced education is emphasized and readily available.
Advanced education is essential for the well-being and future of an increasingly complex society.
Advanced education is extremely empowering for change toward more culturally competent care.
Advanced education is most always a critical component.
Advanced education is necessary in order to ensure leadership ability.
Advanced education offers a chance for specialization, which is very valuable.
Advanced education opens up a person's potential.
Advanced emphysema is characterized by large empty spaces inside the lung.
Advanced encryption is currently the province of higher mathematics.
Advanced endometriosis can result in pelvises frozen with adhesions.
Some advanced engines have additional spools for even higher efficiency.
Advanced engineering provides unique features and increases longevity.
Advanced enrollment is required.
Advanced equipment is available for research in the laboratories of individual faculty members.
Advanced equipment is available for students who have the desire to investigate special topics.
Advanced equipment is used in die-casting, inspection and testing.
More advanced examples can show the use of the idea in different contexts.
Advanced expertise leads to clinical practice, administration, consultation, research, and teaching.
Advanced explosives ag.
Advanced facilities play an essential role in our systems approach to problem solving.
Advanced features allow rapid model construction and analysis.
Advanced features allow rapid model constuction and analysis.
Advanced features allows users to add data labels and control chart size.
Advanced features are also available.
Advanced features are available at all campuses and function between all campuses.
Advanced features are available for programmers to take advantage of.
Advanced features are available through fee-based subscription.
Advanced features are available.
Advanced features are present and plentiful, and yet still easy to use.
Advanced Features can help here, too.
Advanced features enable processing events via barcode, mark sense forms and function keys.
Advanced features ensure versatility and dependability.
Advanced features handle complex text, graphics, and hyper-links.
Advanced features implemented include auto self calibration.
Advanced features make optimization easy.
Advanced features maximize speed and minimize ISDN costs.
Advanced features provide a superior margin of safety.
Advanced features provide plenty of choices.
Advanced features provide total control over how pages are indexed and search results are ranked.
Advanced features require registration.
Advanced features support extensive analysis of network traffic.
Advanced features take more time to develop, so obviously they require a larger investment.
Advanced features take time to learn.
Advanced Features Use the scripting feature to provide intelligent navigation and branching.
Many advanced features are standard, and others can easily be added.
More advanced features are also surprisingly easy.
More advanced features are available upon request.
Some advanced features are also adapter dependent as the table below depicts.
Some advanced features require driver.
Some advanced features work, but serve no real purpose.
More advanced filters are possible.
Advanced fingerlings have a better chance of survival in the wild.
More advanced firewalls are available separately, at our per-hour rates.
Some advanced firewalls can even fight back against intruders.
Advanced flow tuning parameters ensure optimum meter performance.
Some advanced flutes have wall thickness options.
More advanced functions are accessible through menus.
Advanced functionality makes everything easier.
More advanced functionality is on the way.
Advanced Funding does the same.
Advanced geeks communicate in Fortran, hex, octal or binary.
Advanced geophysics is the only method for successfully exploring under cover.
Advanced gills are simplified, so fouling is less likely.
Advanced gingivitis occurs when gingivitis spreads to the bony tissues which support the teeth.
Advanced grammar is covered in depth.
Advanced grammar is studied as well as a review of previous grammar topics.
Advanced group can select a project that is technology related.
Advanced groups emphasize rocks or winter travel to remote areas.
Advanced guitarists know how important modes are.
Advanced hearing aids Novel analogue and digital signal processing methods for use in hearing aids.
Advanced helicopters are vehicles like are pushing the current bounds of technology.
Advanced help is available.
Advanced help is provided via context-dependent popups in the mail reader itself.
Advanced infestation spreads to the unfeathered parts of the body.
More advanced information is elsewhere on the site.
Advanced Inheritance Explains what containment is and how to model it.
Advanced instruction covers course management and mental aspects of performance.
Advanced instruction follows in fighter, bomber or transport aircraft.
Advanced instruction includes basic managerial and supervisory techniques.
Advanced instruction is also available as fee-based instruction.
Advanced instruction is also available.
Advanced instruction is provided when needed.
Advanced instrumentalists rehearse and perform a wide variety of music in various settings.
Advanced instrumentation is available to the students.
More advanced instrumentation is needed to accurately assess their environmental impact.
Advanced interface makes getting on the road quick and easy.
Advanced interfaces immerse the user in a virtual environment.
Advanced Internet Learn to use the internet to do business better.
Advanced invertebrates have bodies with distinct left and right sides.
Advanced IT is one of the technologies which holds the key to better planning.
More advanced jobs require a bachelor's or master's degree in computer programming.
Some advanced keepers are able to maintain blue tongue skinks without full spectrum lighting.
Advanced kits are available for companies in the final stages of a campaign.
Advanced kits require planning, programming, soldering and assembly of small parts.
Some advanced kits require the book maker to supply additional equipment.
Advanced landfill cover demonstration project.
Advanced lasers offer the precision needed for DVD projects.
More advanced learners can make new puzzles using their own pictures and words.
More advanced learners can match conjugations to their root words.
Advanced lessons are by appointment only.
More advanced lessons search for information on the web.
Advanced level is indicated by subject prerequisites and catalogue description.
Advanced levels add more rhythms and sophistication.
Advanced levels are available.
Advanced levels earn shirts, yo-yos, etc.
Advanced levels learn clout shooting and sighting.
Advanced levels make and use their own shelters.
More advanced levels are preferred, although first-year study is permissible.
Advanced literacy is the ultimate goal, but learning to write well is a lifelong process.
Advanced Machine Quilting Use decorative threads to create different quilting designs.
Advanced machines rely on electronics and microchip computers.
Advanced machinery enables scientists to work with atoms.
Advanced magic goes beyond the one on one abilities that most normal characters use.
Advanced majors gain experience as teaching assistants working with a diverse body of students.
Advanced management features such as recruiting from the minors and trading.
Advanced manufacturing allows complex shapes to be made quickly.
Advanced manufacturing is a strategic area.
Advanced material includes basic macros, charts, and conditional formatting.
Advanced material is available.
Advanced materials abstracts Advanced materials and manufacturing processes.
Advanced materials can handle thermal stress better than conventional materials.
Advanced materials enable the light but strong structure essential for reusability.
Advanced materials form the basis of PRC research in almost every one of the nine research areas.
Advanced materials is a critical technology for the future.
Advanced materials lie at the heart of modern technology.
Advanced materials play an important role in our high technology society.
Most advanced materials lack the engineering refinement needed for a polished, robust product.
More advanced math is on the website.
Advanced mathematics includes algebra or any higher level of math.
Advanced mathematics is avoided.
Advanced mathematics is routine.
Advanced measures focus on demonstrated student performance at the college or professional level.
Advanced Media are specialists in the design, management and publication of commercial Web sites.
Advanced media introduce new causal forces in education.
Advanced melanoma can spread throughout the body and, unfortunately, is often fatal.
Advanced members have more tools to use and expanded pay levels to earn more.
Advanced memberships are by invitation only, requiring annual requalification.
Advanced memorization is stressed.
Advanced menus are present that get into some greater details of image editing.
Advanced metallurgy is great, but it's also expensive.
Advanced methods use an electron beam or a plasma to vaporize metal.
Advanced methods use more elaborate techniques.
More advanced methods utilize other software and file formats.
Advanced mode allows a user to fine-tune image settings.
Advanced mode allows complete control over the optimization process.
Advanced mode allows subject classification search, but only of classes at time of issue.
Advanced mode allows user to define bot's reaction to sensors for each and every step.
Advanced mode contains several advanced calculations that increase the profit to be made.
Advanced mode is for the management of the top risks identified in the assessment.
Advanced mode removes the menus from the screen to allow the user to see more of the screen.
Advanced models add control of mundane appliances and systems.
Advanced models incorporate stropping disks that create edges of hair-spitting sharpness.
Advanced models use a term structure or skew volatility matrix.
More advanced models assume that movements in interest rates have several components.
More advanced models can indicate the client name or department for billing.
More advanced models have a small computer and thermostat to govern the pellet feed rate.
Some advanced models have flaps and working retractable undercarriage.
Advanced modelers seem to have special recipes to build stunning starship models.
Advanced modules are also available to a very limited number of users.
More advanced modules pick up and deepen themes introduced earlier.
More advanced mollusks have brains - octopus.
Advanced monitor features three working modes with heavy lift mode for maximum capacity.
More advanced monitors can display still more colors.
More advanced monitors provide more controls to adjust the various elements of screen geometry.
Advanced monotheism recognises a universal sway of two opposite forces.
Advanced multimedia is an effective learning and communications tool.
More advanced musicians have the option of exploring the instruments at an accelerated pace.
Advanced nations are are experiencing the aging of society.
Advanced nations enforce laws designed to protect their citizens.
Advanced nations gain relative to developing nations.
Advanced nations use super-computer simulation models to design triggers.
All advanced nations share their technologies.
Most advanced nations use modern, scientific sampling techniques to count their populations.
Advanced neuropathy is irreversible so that early detection is important.
Advanced neuropathy is potentially irreversible.
Advanced notice is appreciated.
Advanced notice is given.
Advanced notice is highly recommended.
Advanced notice is necessary because table space is limited.
Advanced notice is necessary.
Advanced notice is needed for babysitter.
Advanced notice is needed to effectively handle and process large or specialized mailings.
Advanced notice is needed to prepare the lab for any special software and hardware requests.
Advanced notice is preferred when possible.
Advanced notice is preferred.
Advanced notice is provided.
Advanced notice is requested.
Advanced notice is required as our tours are conducted by our dedicated and experienced volunteers.
Advanced notice is required for large group tours.
Advanced notice is required for large orders.
Advanced notice is required for late assignments .
Advanced notice is required for manuscript use.
Advanced notice is required for use of the tent.
Advanced notice is required for voluntary suspension .
Advanced notice is required only for an applicant who has special needs.
Advanced notice is required only for an applicant who have special needs.
Advanced notice is required to effectively handle and process large or specialized mailings.
Advanced notice is required to qualify for any make-up exam.
Advanced notice is required.
More advanced notice is required.
Advanced notification is given if there are costs involved.
Advanced notification is required for all absences.
Advanced notification is required for large orders.
Advanced notification is required.
Advanced nutrition drink high protein, low carb, and great tasting.
More advanced ones offer definitions of the words, and some speak the word with a voice synthesizer.
More advanced operations involve exponents, starting with squares and square roots.
Advanced optimizations produce smaller files.
Advanced optimizations provide impressive speed comparable to the best games engines on the market.
Advanced options allow even more complex networks to be tested.
Advanced options allow for specifying from among a large choice of formats in all media.
Advanced options allow searches to be limited by source type, publication, date, title, and author.
Advanced options are also available.
Advanced options avoid routes involving major highways, local streets, ramps and alleys.
Advanced options uses Boolean commands to include, or exclude words from the search.
Advanced orchestra is offered to students with more advanced abilities and experience.
Advanced orders are always welcome, please refer to order form to see how to specify delivery date.
Most advanced orders possess modified male gametes.
Advanced organizers are usually visual ie radar diagrams, weather images.
Advanced osteoporosis interferes with a person's ability to lead a normal life.
Advanced oxidation has the potential to breakdown organic molecules.
Advanced page provides template to enter advanced syntax and permits keyword priority ranking.
More advanced pages allow for parameter selection as in the page for peptidestructure .
More advanced pages can contain animation, sound, video and more.
Advanced painters compete for individual space in the undergraduate studio their senior year.
More advanced papules are dark brown or black.
Advanced Parameters allow for fine-tuning of dial and exclude ranges.
Advanced participants develop leading ability on difficult terrain.
Advanced participants use a precision rating system which is rounded down for the popular audience.
More advanced participants can explore new territory.
More advanced participants can work on other units at their own pace.
Advanced pattern drafting software and peripheral equipment is recommended for purchase.
Advanced patterns teach harder fitting and marking skills.
Advanced pawns threaten the noble pieces.
Advanced payment is available to veterans in some instances.
Advanced payment is required for all courses.
Advanced payment is required for fresh flower lei's or exotic flowers.
Advanced payment is required to register for a class.
Advanced payment is required upon making reservation.
Advanced payment is required.
Advanced peers serve as mentors to the first-semester peer health educators.
Advanced pellagra can cause death.
Advanced people search .
Advanced periodontitis leads to the loosening and eventual loss of teeth.
Many advanced photographers like to use flash for their outdoor close-ups.
Advanced physics is a key tool for energy and defense research.
Advanced pianists can practice scales in octaves.
Advanced pilots can soar for hours riding the same thermals as the birds.
Advanced placement can substitute for either or both of the courses, if at the appropriate level.
Advanced placement excuses many students from one or more French courses.
Advanced placement has no bearing upon admission to the nursing program.
Advanced placement is a one-year college level course for highly motivated art students.
Advanced placement is acceptable as well.
Advanced placement is an option.
Advanced placement is at the discretion of the Dean.
Advanced placement is available depending on documentation of experience or prior education.
Advanced placement is available for qualified transfer students.
Advanced placement is available for students trained elsewhere.
Advanced placement is available for students with painting experience and skills.
Advanced placement is available in all of the languages offered by the department.
Advanced placement is available in the baccalaureate degree program for selected registered nurses.
Advanced placement is available to entering freshmen in a number of courses.
Advanced placement is available to LPNs or students who transfer from other nursing programs.
Advanced placement is available.
Advanced placement is determined by department chairs.
Advanced placement is determined only during the admissions process.
Advanced placement is given in other curricular areas.
Advanced placement is offered to licensed practical nurses.
Advanced placement is on a space available basis only.
Advanced placement is possible for a student with previous experience in the language.
Advanced placement is possible for exceptionally well-prepared students.
Advanced placement is possible for students entering with a master's degree.
Advanced placement is possible for students with previous experience in the German language.
Advanced placement is possible for students with previous experience in the Norwegian language.
Advanced placement is possible when exceptional preparation exists.
Advanced placement means that college credit is placed on the college transcript upon enrollment.
Advanced planning can make a world of difference.
Advanced planning can make even the most daunting task less complex.
Advanced planning is a good solution to many club problems.
Advanced planning is also a requirement from a business standpoint.
Advanced planning is economical and makes sense.
Advanced planning is essential.
Advanced planning is good for couples longing for sandy beaches and cruises, too.
Advanced planning is important to ensure availability at wineries and restaurants.
Advanced planning is more critical when financial assistance is required.
Advanced planning is necessary to ensure successful large-scale events.
Advanced planning is necessary.
Advanced planning is needed to complete the required graduate courses and to write a thesis.
Advanced planning is required at least one semester before the internship begins.
Advanced planning is required.
Advanced planning is the key.
Some advanced planning is advised, however.
More advanced plants are less dependent on water to transport reproductive cells.
Advanced play uses lifts .
Advanced players can breathe while in most any mouthshape.
Advanced players can easily temper the power delivery by stringing tighter.
Advanced players can pull it off.
Advanced players develop a repertory of game strategies.
Advanced players enjoy it as much as intermediates.
Advanced players play with very little intervention.
Advanced players solve the riddles.
Advanced players use a handy calculator card to total dot values.
Advanced players use the spinner and choose the correct pieces.
More advanced players can flick the ball up to begin.
More advanced players can make demo tapes to give to their band, or to secure gigs.
Some advanced players can roll the quarter off their nose, onto the table and into the glass.
Advanced positions require requisite experience providing similar professional services.
More advanced positions involve the analysis of reports in order to make effective decisions.
Advanced practice registered nurses often work in positions of seniority.
Advanced practice requires additional education at the master's level.
Advanced practitioners find it to be an excellent opportunity to deepen their practice.
Advanced practitioners learn to redirect the attack even before physical contact is made.
More advanced practitioners can allow knees to buckle to the floor.
More advanced prediction creates increased warning time, which ultimately saves more lives.
Advanced preparation helps the patient to be in control of their post-operative recovery.
Advanced preparation is absolutely necessary.
Advanced preparation is considered the responsibility of the candidate.
Advanced preparation is key.
Some advanced preparation is required.
Advanced printing allow users to print any portion of the scale, choose colors and fonts too.
More advanced problems require students to synthesize and interpret information.
Advanced procedures video.
Advanced processes deposit high-tech materials.
More advanced processors can perform more than one instruction per clock pulse.
Advanced production starts with a new way of designing products.
Advanced program offers studies in the humanities and social sciences.
Advanced programs allow impressive control over effects.
Advanced programs build upon a students basic foundation skills learned in previous classes.
All advanced programs are a minimum of four days and three nights.
All advanced programs make site building quite simple.
More advanced programs combine several approaches.
Advanced programme helps people fulfill their fitness and weight loss goals.
Advanced programmers can even develop custom templates or modify the existing ones.
Advanced programmers can then fully customise the scripts to add extra functionality if required.
More advanced programmers can consult the resources , routines , and articles sections.
Advanced programming becomes a simple step in the page building process.
Advanced programming is a way to help plan for the following year.
Advanced programming is the stuff that makes a web site memorable- and profitable.
Advanced programming permits seamless interfacing with all major brand of electronic cash registers.
Advanced projects assume sufficient background for advanced level.
Advanced projects refine the basic techniques through individual exploration.
Advanced promotions do require a fire science degree.
Advanced purchase is recommended and seating is limited.
Advanced purchase is recommended for optimal seating.
Advanced purchase is recommended in order to reserve the best seats.
Advanced purchase is recommended.
Advanced purchase required and other restrictions apply.
Advanced qualifiers are for the real expert user.
Advanced queries are available.
Advanced queries are best.
Advanced queries have many operators.
Advanced queries use operators, syntax, and wildcards to limit search results to specific instances.
Advanced query allows for fairly sophisticated searching.
Advanced query allows very precise searching.
Advanced query can search for more than one word.
All advanced queries transform to regular queries , usually with additional qualified terms .
All advanced queries transform to regular queries, usually with additional qualified terms.
More advanced questions require more detailed answers.
Advanced racquets are available in typically super small, extra small and small grip sizes.
Advanced rating is required.
Advanced readers are aware of the demands of the reading task and their own reading ability.
Advanced readers are students reading on a kindergarten or first-grade level.
More advanced readers can follow the links to the highly technical, detailed or scholarly material.
Advanced reading is required.
More advanced readings involve the practice of specific ceremonials.
Advanced registration assures a place in the class.
Advanced registration including a fift-percent deposit is required.
Advanced registration is advised.
Advanced registration is appreciated however, walk-ins are welcome.
Advanced registration is appreciated, walk-ins are welcome.
Advanced registration is appreciated.
Advanced registration is available for a nominal fee.
Advanced registration is available online .
Advanced registration is available.
Advanced registration is closed.
Advanced Registration is Closed.
Advanced registration is encouraged for meals and childcare.
Advanced registration is encouraged since space is limited.
Advanced registration is encouraged so adequate supplies are available.
Advanced registration is encouraged, but walk-on volunteers are also welcome.
Advanced registration is encouraged.
Advanced registration is highly recommended.
Advanced registration is mandatory, and a small fee is charged.
Advanced registration is mandatory.
Advanced registration is necessary to ensure a place in the class.
Advanced registration is necessary to reserve a bus seat and lunch.
Advanced registration is necessary.
Advanced registration is needed for all programs.
Advanced registration is no longer available.
Advanced registration is on now.
Advanced registration is preferred.
Advanced registration is recommended .
Advanced registration is recommended as capacity is limited.
Advanced registration is recommended as the number of delegates is limited by available space.
Advanced registration is recommended in order to make sure that places are available.
Advanced registration is recommended to avoid unnecessary delays.
Advanced registration is recommended, as class space is limited.
Advanced registration is recommended, limited spots are available in each group.
Advanced registration is recommended.
Advanced registration is requested due to limited seating.
Advanced registration is requested.
Advanced registration is required .
Advanced registration is required along with fees.
Advanced registration is required and accepted in the order received.
Advanced registration is required and enrollment is limited.
Advanced registration is required and includes an examination fee.
Advanced registration is required and includes court fees, balls, beverages, and light snacks.
Advanced registration is required and the number of attendees is limited.
Advanced registration is required as space is limited.
Advanced registration is required due to limited enrollment .
Advanced registration is required due to limited seating.
Advanced registration is required for all classes in all sectors.
Advanced registration is required for all classes.
Advanced registration is required for ALL classes.
Advanced registration is required for all courses.
Advanced registration is required for all groups.
Advanced registration is required for all hikes and classes.
Advanced registration is required for all retreats.
Advanced registration is required for all seminars.
Advanced registration is required for all trips.
Advanced registration is required for all workshops, field trips, and learning vacations.
Advanced registration is required for all.
Advanced registration is required for class and childcare.
Advanced registration is required for classes unless otherwise noted.
Advanced registration is required for most classes, and class size is limited.
Advanced registration is required for most programs.
Advanced registration is required for participation in all classes.
Advanced registration is required for some of the sessions.
Advanced registration is required for study groups.
Advanced registration is required for the gathering.
Advanced registration is required for the ordering of food.
Advanced registration is required for the web page template sessions.
Advanced registration is required since seating in the instruction room is limited.
Advanced registration is required to attend.
Advanced registration is required to ensure space availability.
Advanced registration is required to participate in the discussions.
Advanced registration is required to participate.
Advanced registration is required, and childcare is available.
Advanced registration is required, and class size is limited.
Advanced registration is required, and space is limited.
Advanced registration is required, as space is limited.
Advanced registration is required, so please call early for available space.
Advanced registration is required, with discounts for early registration.
Advanced registration is required.
Advanced registration is Required.
Advanced Registration is Required.
Advanced registration is suggested due to limited space.
Advanced registration is suggested.
Advanced registration is the regular registration for upcoming quarter.
Advanced registration is urged.
Advanced registration required as seating is limited.
Advanced replacement is available on certain products from certain manufacturers.
Advanced replication helps power a mobile sales force with laptops or PDAs.
Advanced reports allow interaction to pinpoint relevant analysis.
Advanced requirements are appropriate for each degree.
Advanced research is used to making wise investing decisions.
Advanced research requires advanced facilities, and the centre has some of the best.
Advanced reservation is mandatory if cabin accommodation is requested.
Advanced reservation is needed to insure a place on the boat.
Advanced reservation is recommended.
Advanced reservation is required.
Advanced reservation required and space is limited.
Advanced reservations are absolutely necessary for the dinners.
Advanced reservations are compulsory if cabin accommodation is requested.
Advanced reservations are helpful and are required for the return trip.
Advanced reservations are highly recommended.
Advanced reservations are necessary.
Advanced reservations is recommended.
Advanced reservations is required, based on availability.
Advanced reservations require a two night minimum stay.
Advanced reservations required, subject to availability, some restrictions apply.
Advanced riders can hit the loop numerous times making rides of any length possible.
Advanced riders can learn new and better horsemanship skills and showing techniques.
Advanced riders can practice over stadium and x-country courses.
Advanced riders can ride very narrow trails at very high speeds with no off trail tire marks .
Advanced riders can take the horses swimming in the sea.
Advanced riders cover open field work, basic jumping and cross-country fences.
Advanced riders have options out here only available to the highly skilled.
More advanced riders can continue up canyon and climb onto the plateau above.
More advanced riders enjoy the variety of horses and challenges.
More advanced robots can see colors as well as shapes.
Advanced roof framing techniques can solve the problem.
More advanced routes offer non-stop excitement from the beginning to the end.
Advanced routers provide packet filtering capabilities.
Advanced routines are also adequate for most college users.
More advanced rowers can increase the time and intensity of their workouts.
Advanced rules add more complex defensive schemes and rate offensive lineman individually.
Advanced rules cover simultaneous movement.
Advanced rules let players design their own customized cars, trucks, and cycles.
Advanced rules make it a little more of a simulation.
Advanced runs challenge the expert, and cruising runs make the novice feel like an expert.
Advanced runners can go the longer distance, beginners the shorter distance.
More advanced runners can do three hard days if they're very careful.
Advanced sailors can upgrade to a high performance package with their own private quiver.
Advanced sailors learn how to fly a spinnaker.
Advanced sales are ahead of last year.
Advanced scalability features provide investment protection.
Advanced scenarios present extraordinary challenges for extraordinary capitalists .
Advanced scheduling is done on a semester basis.
Advanced scheduling is recommended.
Advanced scheduling is requested.
Advanced scheduling is required for all lift equipped vehicles.
Advanced scheduling is required.
Advanced scholars can simply transverse a few links to reach sites in their specialties.
Advanced schools are more rare.
Advanced schools provide higher level technical knowledge for senior petty officers.
Advanced science is offered in the eighth grade.
Advanced scoliosis can cause pain and disability.
Advanced scurvy is now almost unknown in the United States.
Advanced search allows Boolean operators and combined fields searching.
Advanced search allows for browsing of articles by journal title.
Advanced search allows for more control over search parameters, including language and date.
Advanced search Allows more complex search strategies to be developed using the options given below.
Advanced search allows more detailed specifications of search criteria .
Advanced search allows more options.
Advanced search allows more specific media searches.
Advanced search allows the user to search the database based on multiple criteria.
Advanced search brings in the other elements, such as credit cards, HMOs, etc.
Advanced search can get very complex.
Advanced search Click the link Go to Advanced search below the easy search box.
Advanced search Enter an exact or truncated word or phrase in each input box.
Advanced search Find out why .
Advanced search gives searcher control over rank order.
Advanced search has good boolean search capabilities.
Advanced search has more detailed searching conditions for optimal result in the directory.
Advanced search has more searching options.
Advanced search includes photograph search.
Advanced search is also available.
Advanced search is fine if offered on a different page than the simple search.
Advanced search is now online.
Advanced search is set up the same way but includes additional criteria to limit searches.
Advanced search Is there an option to do an advanced search at the site.
Advanced search is useful for more detailed searches.
Advanced search is very easy to use.
Advanced search leads users into trouble, as they invariably use it wrong.
Advanced search offers additional options.
Advanced search offers more advance search features.
Advanced search offers other language and domain searches.
Advanced search offers other options via drop down menus.
Advanced search offers specialized searches.
Advanced search provides a fielded search option that covers fully cataloged records.
Advanced search returns only index search results.
Advanced search Select a country.
Advanced search turns off automatic relevance ranking.
Advanced search works to locate courses.
Advanced searches allow field searching and the use of operators.
Advanced searches allow for date, location, media type and page type.
Advanced searches allow the selection of various additional filters.
Advanced searches allow.
Advanced searches are also possible.
Advanced searches are also straightforward.
Advanced searches are available for even greater detail.
Advanced searches are now possible.
Advanced searches are possible and links to state governments are available.
Advanced searches are possible.
Advanced Searches can be more precise and produce more focused results.
Advanced searches offer several other options.
Advanced searches produce more specific results.
Advanced searches require Boolean operators.
Advanced searches use all filters defined for the entry.
More advanced search features to come in the next few weeks.
More advanced searches are available for more complex information searches.
Advanced searchers can use various fields and boolean search techniques to meet specific needs.
Advanced section has techniques on traditional welding, cutting and splitting and more.
Advanced sections discuss costing issues, landed costing, and quality control.
Advanced security allows users to be permitted or denied access to any page of any book.
Advanced seekers mean the missiles can detect targets approaching the side of the launch aircraft.
Advanced seminars are available in all the subdisciplines of anthropology.
Advanced seminars are available on a variety of neuroscience topics.
Advanced seminars are comparable to a master's level program.
Advanced seminars cover specific topics.
Advanced sensors deliver data with greater accuracy and reliability.
Advanced service broadcasts Live signals via instant messaging.
Advanced services are in their infancy.
Advanced services are often Internet-based and simply require a higher level of flexibility.
Advanced services enable businesses to serve the globe from even the most remote locations.
Advanced services require registration of membership.
Advanced sessions are for students who are familiar with basic searching.
Advanced sessions place greater emphasis on complex keyword searching.
Advanced settings allow the application to run automatically.
Advanced settings dialog with preview ability.
Advanced shooters have different objectives than the beginning and novice shooter.
Advanced singers are eligible to audition for the spring opera, produced with full orchestra.
More advanced sites are available for preview.
More advanced sites incorporate sound, animation, and moving pictures.
Advanced skaters are able to recover from most potential mishaps, but even they fall occasionally.
Advanced skaters can fine tune their ollieing skills, grinds, and airs.
Advanced skaters purchase their own customized skates .
More advanced skaters help out with our more advanced groups.
More advanced skaters hold their sticks.
Advanced skiers are also well catered for.
Advanced skiers are sure to learn a few new tricks and break some bad habits.
Advanced skiers can pick up the nuances of experts in minutes.
Advanced skiers have a quad chairlift on the upper mountain that serves the bumps and steeps.
Advanced skiers use the terrain to their advantage.
More advanced skiers load up with racing tips.
More advanced skiers spend time either wave surfing, kneeboarding, trick skiing and slaloming.
Advanced skill is needed for hot performance.
Advanced skills seem frustratingly out of reach.
More advanced skills cost considerably more job points than basic skills.
Some advanced skills require Noble Points to begin study.
Advanced skins go beyond changing a look, they add functionality.
Advanced skincare is here.
Advanced soccer is a class for the technically proficient soccer player.
All advanced societies strive to protect the vulnerable and uplift the downtrodden.
Advanced software interprets the measured spectra and calculates specific process parameters.
Advanced software provides accurate control of torque, speed and regenerative braking.
Advanced solutions utilize the full advantages of our unlimited server scalability.
Advanced speakers are also welcome.
More advanced speakers offer a heat-resistant voice coil to prolong speaker life.
Advanced specialization is available in the medical, legal and word processing fields.
Advanced sports dentistry.
Advanced stages lead to analysis paralysis.
Advanced stages produce significant hindfoot valgus and excessive forefoot abduction.
Advanced standing allows students to complete the program in a summer and an academic year.
Advanced standing is a collective term including both credit transfer and credit for prior learning.
Advanced standing is a general term for credit available for previous studies.
Advanced standing is a prerequisite for many of the upper-level courses that constitute the major.
Advanced standing is also available for skills acquired through work experience.
Advanced standing is also transportable, though in comparable courses only.
Advanced Standing is an important step toward graduation.
Advanced standing is available for outstanding candidates.
Advanced Standing is available.
Advanced standing is awarded to individuals who pass department qualifying exams.
Advanced standing is defined as acceptance to other than the first year.
Advanced standing is defined as any quarter subsequent to the first quarter of the first year.
Advanced standing is defined as any quarter subsequent to the first quarter of the year.
Advanced standing is determined by an interview with the Italian undergraduate advisor.
Advanced standing is determined on a case by case basis.
Advanced standing is given for previous coursework.
Advanced standing is given for various overseas qualifications.
Advanced standing is given to the students who have previous post secondary training.
Advanced standing is granted on an individual basis for previous learning and work experience.
Advanced standing is offered for documented experience and training.
Advanced Standing is the term used for credit for previous study or experience.
All advanced standing is approved by the academic standing committee.
All advanced standing is granted on an individual assessment of that student's history.
Some advanced standing is granted.
Advanced starvation has serious repercussions.
Advanced steps are merely combinations of the basic building blocks.
Advanced strokes are really basic strokes in disguise.
Advanced students are able to prepare presentations by themselves.
Advanced students are also a valuable resource.
Advanced students are also eligible for a variety of other fellowships.
Advanced students are capable of appreciating empirical research.
Advanced students are perfect for voice chat.
Advanced students are usually ready for university courses taught in English.
Advanced students assist with instructing beginners.
Advanced students become eligible for a variety of fellowships.
Advanced students become responsible for team assignments with specific sports.
Advanced students can also complete much of the legwork for research excursions ahead of time.
Advanced students can also enroll in graduate classes.
Advanced students can also study a number of weapons including the stick, sword and numchucks.
Advanced students can apply for scholarships.
Advanced students can begin looking up to the sky.
Advanced students can branch out in any direction.
Advanced students can calculate angles and match the tilt of their tower to that of the real one.
Advanced students can choose their own projects.
Advanced students can create plaster sculptures and learn the basics of mold making.
Advanced students can design their own experiments after a review of the literature.
Advanced students can enroll in any supplementary or content course available.
Advanced students can enroll in any supplementary or content courses, according to their needs.
Advanced students can enroll in graduate courses.
Advanced students can experiment with various glazing techniques, often mixing their own glazes.
Advanced students can explore further and do more than is required.
Advanced students can explore mass to speed ratios.
Advanced students can participate in classes where Hebrew is the language of instruction.
Advanced students can perfect their skills while working on more challenging projects.
Advanced students can script out the story into play form.
Advanced students can select three or four courses from the following list.
Advanced students can skip or skim over concepts and modules where they have prior knowledge.
Advanced students can train as interpreters and translators.
Advanced students can try holding the palms together without the thumbs crossed.
Advanced students can use linear regression to further analyze the data.
Advanced students communicate effectively and thoroughly, with sophistication.
Advanced students concentrate on academic studies.
Advanced students conduct a program of research under the direction of the instructor.
Advanced students conduct interviews and focus groups.
Advanced students conduct their own research projects.
Advanced students cover special journals and payroll system.
Advanced students critique each other, as well as learn how to research radio markets.
Advanced students define their own problems and are encouraged to pursue independent directions.
Advanced students demonstrate the competencies of proficient students.
Advanced students develop personal styles.
Advanced students discuss their thesis research.
Advanced Students Explore new and creative floral designs.
Advanced students explore special topics in counseling.
Advanced students fill assistantships for statistical consulting.
Advanced students focus on jumping techniques and preparing for horse shows.
Advanced students follow a more challenging curriculum than do intermediate students.
Advanced students gain practical experience in a professional setting.
Advanced students have more emphasis on reading and writing.
Advanced students have opportunities to direct or design, under faculty supervision.
Advanced students have opportunities to tutor beginning students or students in local high schools.
Advanced students have the opportunity to receive education in universities abroad.
Advanced students have the option to mix their own personal batches.
Advanced students have the possibility of pursuing photogravure as a tutorial.
Advanced students help to manage the classes, give lectures, and visually check off program runs.
Advanced students learn advanced katas and self-defense and fighting techniques.
Advanced students learn lost wax centrifugal casting.
Advanced students learn special techniques to enhance their painting.
Advanced students meet two to three times a week before school.
Advanced students perform all food preparation and service functions for the catering service.
Advanced students prepare and present integrative papers.
Advanced students produce, direct, and edit the programs.
Advanced students provide translations of song groups and cycles.
Advanced students read and discuss Israeli periodicals and contemporary literature.
Advanced students receive a larger studio space.
Advanced students receive detailed instruction in meditation.
Advanced students receive the larger stipend.
Advanced students serve as mentors to beginning students.
Advanced students spend more time on glaze preparation and application and on firing techniques.
Advanced students spend their last term enhancing their creative product.
Advanced students study a wide range of openings, analyze middle game and solve end game.
Advanced students take a week off from class to teach French to the little ones.
Advanced students take at least three other academic courses at the college.
Advanced students teach jazz and beginning and intermediate ballet to their peers.
Advanced students tutor their peers.
Advanced students use only a live model.
Advanced students work from a live model.
Advanced students work in hand papermaking and bookmaking as well.
Advanced students work independently by figuring out their own projects.
Advanced students work independently with instruction as needed.
Advanced students work on individual and group projects.
Advanced students work on live assignments given by art directors of national publications.
Advanced students work on orchestral excerpts, transposition, and standard solo literature.
Advanced students work to create new technologies and new programs to enhance learning.
Advanced students work to develop new technology to enhance the learning process.
Advanced students work with beginning and intermediate students.
Advanced students work with the zone system and intensified printing techniques.
Many advanced students come for concepting sessions on an ongoing monthly basis.
Many advanced students engage in independent study and research within the major.
Many advanced students work as research assistants with faculty members.
More advanced students assume leadership roles.
More advanced students attend a study skills class.
More advanced students can annotate the diagram with detailed labels.
More advanced students can correct ineffective problem solving habits.
More advanced students can design and conduct their own studies.
More advanced students can fill in graphs and charts to analyze complex data samples.
More advanced students can identify the rodent by a close examination of the skull, jaws, and teeth.
More advanced students can make their own dichotomous key for their field guide.
More advanced students can move on to measuring voltage using specialized equipment.
More advanced students can perform arithmetic drills using the cards.
More advanced students can practice dive rolls or walkovers.
More advanced students can practice telling and displaying time in five-minute intervals.
More advanced students can practice writing number sentences for each problem as well.
More advanced students can proceed into sculptural glass blowing.
More advanced students can work independently.
More advanced students can work on their own projects with help from the instructor as needed.
More advanced students can work on their own projects.
More advanced students can work out the standard deviation and standard error for the data.
More advanced students focus on the analytical study of major classical and modern Hebrew texts.
More advanced students get credit for more advanced language courses.
More advanced students learn how to control the energy born of a physical confrontation.
More advanced students learn skills such as persuasion, debate, argument and negotiation.
More advanced students maintain a psychotherapy caseload.
More advanced students maintain a psycho-therapy caseload.
More advanced students read chapter books and nonfiction articles.
More advanced students start off by writing down what they already know about a topic.
More advanced students tackle more interesting and sophisticated problems.
More advanced students teach one course instead of three labs.
More advanced students tend to work on research projects or teach their own courses.
More advanced students work on checking spelling, adding footnotes, and altering page layouts.
More advanced students work on materials at their level.
More advanced students work on the same techniques using materials at their level.
Most advanced students have an opportunity to teach their own courses.
Some advanced students take courses on a part-time basis while still enrolled in high school.
Some advanced students work as laboratory teaching assistants.
Advanced studies are due at the start of laboratory session.
Advanced studies lead to enhanced employment prospects.
Advanced studies lead to university faculty positions and work with international health agencies.
Advanced studies require student's portfolio to include multimedia and internet projects.
Advanced study can lead to careers in nursing education, research, and administration.
Advanced study is a popular option for students who wish to specialize in a forestry discipline.
Advanced study requires completion of the prerequisite master's degree in counseling.
Advanced study requires high proficiency in spoken and written English.
More advanced studies focus on dietary protein control of intestinal hormone gene expression.
Advanced subjects are available for the most able or most motivated students.
Advanced subjects cater to the needs of the best students.
More advanced subjects are available in the areas covered by the department.
Advanced subscribers can add photos to their child profiles.
Advanced surfers can always get a new window if they choose.
Advanced surgery is worthless if it is priced out of reach.
Advanced swimmers extend both arms overhead in a tight streamlined position.
More advanced symptoms are crown dieback and adventitious growth.
Advanced synchronization improves performance.
Advanced system reduces noise, distortion, and high-frequency compression.
Advanced systems aim to keep new cars running clean .
Advanced systems are available when research activities require more sophisticated facilities.
Advanced systems can also display the caller s address.
Advanced systems use antialiasing to smooth out contour lines.
More advanced systems can use streaming video to show products in action.
More advanced systems integrate real-time audio and video.
More advanced systems remain untested, and testing experience to date has produced mixed results.
More advanced systems use a mixture of a block codes, a convolutional code and interleaving.
Advanced tabs keep all of the more specialized options hidden but easily accessible.
Advanced Table Features Now on to making the lines between cells.
Advanced tags allow the use of transparent graphics that appear to float on the page.
More advanced tags feature audio and visual indicators, and a message display.
Advanced tape automated bonding is used for mounting and direct encapsulation of the chips in resin.
Advanced teams can increase the distance between the lines.
Advanced techniques are generally much more efficient for any type of male infertility.
Advanced techniques are the topic of the last part of the book.
Advanced techniques are very useful to kick start the flow of ideas.
Advanced techniques require strong fundamentals.
Advanced techniques retrieve the required information.
All advanced techniques are available, including implantable devices.
Many advanced techniques restrict searching to a specific field or section of the record.
More advanced techniques are often combinations and variations of simpler techniques.
More advanced techniques call for the camera to track the night sky.
More advanced techniques exist, such as reverse osmosis .
Advanced technologies are for the most part fine technologies.
Advanced technologies create new opportunities for telecommunications companies.
Advanced technologies offer the promise of even greater fuel efficiency gains.
Advanced technology allows the system to ignore answering machine pick-ups.
Advanced technology benefits all parties involved.
Advanced technology brings new legal issues to battle.
Advanced technology can truly mean sensational advances in healthcare.
Advanced technology comes at a price, however.
Advanced technology comes via many routes.
Advanced technology complemented by first-class personnel is a winning combination.
Advanced technology comprised of decision logic programs allows merchants to maximize deposit rates.
Advanced technology drives our system.
Advanced technology ensures a consistent level of superior quality.
Advanced technology includes development for military and nondefense applications.
Advanced technology includes laser discs, document cameras, computers and microphones.
Advanced technology is about to change the services and fundamentals in financial institutions.
Advanced technology is also available enabling surgeons to perform at their best.
Advanced technology is always a moving target.
Advanced technology is an essential factor in efficiency improvements.
Advanced technology is an integral component of all academic and administrative activity.
Advanced technology is code for a sandbox in which techies play with new toys.
Advanced technology is integral to contemporary musical performance and television transmission.
Advanced technology is no panacea.
Advanced technology is only part of the equation in treating cancer.
Advanced technology is our key to maintaining effectiveness and cost reduction.
Advanced technology is our life source.
Advanced technology is today a hallmark of American culture.
Advanced technology is used wherever it can give benefits to the customer.
Advanced technology is utilized to assure and maintain student accessibility to nursing education.
Advanced technology makes it possible to use capacity and space more efficiently.
Advanced technology means little without the skilled technicians to manage it.
Advanced technology perfects classic charm.
Advanced technology permits a large number of increasingly detailed analyses.
Advanced technology pervades our lives in such areas as communications, electronics and computers.
Advanced technology prevents thermal run away.
Advanced technology produces screens with incredible resolution for the sharpest and clearest image.
Advanced technology provides accurate results and lightweight design travels anywhere.
Advanced technology provides at least twice the visibility of traditional underwater cameras.
Advanced technology provides brilliant color, sharp images and superior sound.
Advanced technology provides brilliant color, sharp images, and superior sound.
Advanced technology provides exceptional accuracy for all products.
Advanced technology provides immunity from interference and false alarms.
Advanced technology provides immunity frominterlerence and false alarms.
Advanced technology removes the diesel engine's negative traits of noise and pollution.
Advanced technology sends live video images of deep sea animals to our auditorium at the aquarium.
All advanced technology requires trained people.
Advanced telecommunications is a critical component of our economic and social well-being.
Advanced term lists capabilities, with autocompletion of terms for fast and consistent data entry.
Advanced terminology including geometric dimensioning and tolerancing and true position is stressed.
Advanced test is optional.
Advanced tests show no vision problems.
More advanced tests judge multiple skills with one test.
Advanced testing is needed There are reports of very interesting modes of operation.
More advanced testing is available on an individual basis.
Advanced tickets are always available.
Advanced tickets are available now.
Advanced tickets are available year round for all trips, purchased upto one day in advance.
Advanced tickets are currently available.
Advanced tickets are necessary.
Advanced timing helps power, but can cause knocking or pinging.
Advanced tools are available for the teacher to administer their class.
More advanced tools are on the horizon.
More advanced tools can provide the ability to lock a document to multiple domains.
Advanced topics are concerned with the spatial structures above onset, their defects and dynamics.
Advanced topics are optional and provided mostly for enrichment.
Advanced topics cover the use of discussion groups, sending attachments, and security issues.
Advanced topics covered include motion planning, adaptive control, and workspace control.
Advanced topics document.
Advanced Topics Send compiler output to a different directory than the source tree.
Advanced topics vary.
More advanced trails have large and loose rocks.
Advanced training expands career opportunities.
Advanced training focuses on the Administrative features of the database.
Advanced training follows the basic training program.
Advanced training has serious intent and very nasty consequences.
Advanced training includes a program for dogs who serve persons with disabilities.
Advanced training includes both force deflection and opponent control techniques.
Advanced training includes discussions on basic equipment maintenance.
Advanced training includes the execution of assignments encountered by professionals in the field.
Advanced training is also available for individuals who aspire to more complex television projects.
Advanced training is also available to teachers on a request basis.
Advanced training is also available.
Advanced training is available as an elective during the third year of residency.
Advanced training is available for purchase upon request.
Advanced training is available in five medical specialties.
Advanced training is available in turboprop and large transport category aircraft.
Advanced training is available on request.
Advanced training is available upon completion of the basic course.
Advanced training is available upon request.
Advanced training is custom designed and tailored for the specific needs of the organization.
Advanced training is given in all four language skills.
Advanced training is given in all the language skills.
Advanced training is given to the drivers of vehicles used in today's fire service.
Advanced training is highly desirable.
Advanced training is in a sub-speciality of either adult internal medicine or paediatrics.
Advanced training is offered to encourage long-term commitments.
Advanced training is offered with almost every extended trip out of Cairns.
Advanced training is offerred for practicing inspectors who want to improve their inspection skills.
Advanced training is preferred.
Advanced training is provided to the collegiate shooting team sports.
Advanced training is required for the private practice of Psychology.
Advanced training is required to do research, teach, or work in public or school health programs.
Advanced training is scheduled on a regular basis and as needs for specific training are determined.
Advanced training is subject to completion of certification.
Advanced training makes the difference.
Advanced training provides a greater assurance of employment possibilities.
Advanced Training provides feedback alone.
Advanced trainings require satisfactory completion of entry-level programs.
Any advanced training requires certification and yes re-certification to maintain current.
More advanced training includes using equipment such as elastic bands, dumbbells or machines.
More advanced training including higher degrees by research are also available.
More advanced training is available and is tailored to the individual's special needs and interest.
More advanced training is available for special applications at an additional charge.
Some advanced training is possible.
Advanced trials are to begin shortly.
More advanced trials are already underway.
Advanced trips require mastering of technical techniques, and specialized equipment.
Advanced tumors are frequently unresectable and treated with radiotherapy.
More advanced tumors are usually large, ulcerated and fungating.
More advanced tunes teach the harder basic licks.
Advanced tutorials are for attendees already familiar with the fundamentals of simulation.
More advanced tutorials are also available.
More advanced tutorials are also on offer.
Advanced undergrads have no opportunity to take graduate-level courses.
Advanced undergraduates are also welcome.
Advanced undergraduates are very welcome to participate.
Advanced undergraduates are welcome.
Advanced undergraduates have the opportunity to enroll in a variety of upper-level courses.
Advanced units teach narratives and the beginning of extended discourse.
More advanced uses begin.
Advanced use includes maintenance of stock and inventory control.
More advanced uses are possible.
Advanced users are able to edit the entire page template to fully customize it.
Advanced users are very welcome and a necessary part of our mission.
Advanced users can add custom search engines and categories with built-in editors.
Advanced users can add scripting to make complete tutorials.
Advanced users can add to or replace predefined Web documents.
Advanced users can also choose the infrared option.
Advanced users can also perform the following tweaks.
Advanced users can also write their own HTML code by hand if they wish.
Advanced users can choose from individual settings.
Advanced users can configure the output to match their site.
Advanced users can control program and behavior by editing configuration files.
Advanced users can control program's behavior by editing configuration files.
Advanced users can create custom scans for certain types of malicious objects.
Advanced users can design and distribute their own customized Appearance files.
Advanced users can download necessary software from the efn public download area .
Advanced users can easily add HTML and other enhancements to any catalog page.
Advanced users can easily find all they want within the chat software.
Advanced users can even run without the control panel and command window.
Advanced users can extend perlmoo online by coding new commands in perl.
Advanced users can find everything here needed to succeed on the web as well as a little fun.
Advanced users can find resources on setting up auto responders, mailing lists and more.
Advanced users can fine tune their code for increased performance.
Advanced users can have orders delivered to their secure web server in real time.
Advanced users can learn much here.
Advanced users can maintain the layers for further adjustments as the project continues.
Advanced users can make necessary adjustments using a web browser.
Advanced users can modify existing animations or create their own with additional software.
Advanced users can proceed at any pace they find comfortable.
Advanced users can read or write individual file records.
Advanced users can save multiple images to create animated works.
Advanced users can take advantage of several new configuration options.
Advanced users can take advantage of the program's more sophisticated controls for complex images.
Advanced users can then further refine their results by adding in additional terms.
Advanced users can try working in command line mode.
Advanced users can upgrade to the plus version at any time for a reasonable cost .
Advanced users can upgrade to the plus version at any time for a reasonable cost.
Advanced users can use any standard email program.
Advanced users can use it to build multiple kernels with little effort.
Advanced users can use javascript to add a great many features to their sites.
Advanced users can use our link generator to link users directly to any page within our catalog.
Advanced users can view and even delete cookie text.
Advanced users click here .
Advanced users have an opportunity to meet and greet other users with similar interests.
Advanced users start with estimating path properties .
Many advanced users have crash hard here in less then a few minutes ride.
Many advanced users like to use CGI to add interactive functionality to their sites.
More advanced users ask for superior cooling and bigger power supplies.
More advanced users can also find a few tips and tricks that are worth trying out.
More advanced users can also set their own parameters.
More advanced users can connect directly to the server to access their images.
More advanced users can create logical hypertext links between sections of documents.
More advanced users can go to another screen that allows any increment of time.
More advanced users can make their selection by selecting any of the pulldown form fields.
More advanced users can switch between windows.
More advanced users can take advantage of CloneCD's command line features.
More advanced users can test their own machines.
More advanced users can turn the menu system off altogether.
More advanced users can use the professional edition which provides more options for identification.
Most advanced users can learn a basic report scripting language.
Some advanced users bring the message into a word processor and change it to suit.
Advanced variations entail splitting the class into groups of four.
Advanced vehicles offer the greatest environmental benefits.
Advanced version comes as binary only with more features.
Advanced versions offer audio and tactile feedback to specialized gloves.
More advanced versions exist to cope with trends and seasonal variation.
Advanced Video examines new media and nontraditional forms that incorporate video.
Advanced video is a crucial technology policy issue.
More advanced viewers learn fresh ways to approach the same old workout.
Advanced visualization features such as stereo viewing and animation.
Advanced warning pays off.
Advanced warning provided by early detection is critical to saving lives.
Advanced webmaster utils.
Advanced webmasters can also download raw log data files.
Advanced wisdom comes when fear is replaced with love.
Advanced wizards can try different color combinations.
Advanced work includes basic commands on and off leash with distractions.
Advanced work includes networking and encryption.
Advanced work includes the refining of technical skills and individual exploration.
Advanced work is available in organic and biochemistry.
Advanced work is formed to the needs of the class.
Advanced work is offered in elasticity, plasticity, dynamics, and vibrations.
Advanced work is presented.
Advanced work requires learning to proceed with more personal responsibility.
More advanced work is completed.
More advanced work is done in the areas of stage make-up, improvisation, and scene work.
More advanced work is included.
Most advanced work is accomplished through individual projects.
Advanced workers engage in the construction of more complex housing structures.
Advanced workshops assume familiarity with historical, philosophical and pedagogical issues.
Advanced Workshops begin with the development of a visual concept.
Advanced workshops feature company research skills and Internet resources .
Advanced workshops tend to be either more skills focused, or more focused on advanced knowledge.
Advanced writers are likely to be advanced readers.
More advanced writers can intersect with same letters.
More advanced writers use word processing to revise and edit their work.
Advanced Writing is a course for students with demonstrated superior writing skills.
Advanced writing is a course in critical reading, critical thinking, research, and writing.
Advancement funds are critical to the operation of the architecture program.
Advancement opportunities abound .
Advancement opportunities abound.
Advancement opportunities are a big plus.
Advancement opportunities are available depending on performance and skill.
Advancement opportunities are available locally and within the national corporate organization.
Advancement opportunities are available.
Advancement opportunities are endless.
Advancement opportunities are excellent for the progressive estimator.
Advancement opportunities are excellent.
Advancement opportunities are good for well-trained, motivated employees.
Advancement opportunities are greater in larger libraries.
Advancement opportunities are greater in the larger library systems.
Advancement opportunities are limited and greatly dependent on an individual's skill and initiative.
Advancement opportunities are limited.
Advancement opportunities are plentiful.
Advancement opportunities depend on the size and type of company.
Advancement opportunities exist throughout the company for the right individuals.
Advancement opportunities vary with the place of employment.
Advancement opportunity depends on experience.
Advancement opportunity is excellent.
Most advancement opportunity depends on experience.
Advancement paths vary.
Advancement potential is great.
Advancement software pertains to things like alumni tracking and fundraising efforts.
Advancement equals use.
Advancement is commendation
Advancement is development.
Advancement isa message.
Advancement occurs at the time of contact, or at the moment the target ball is pocketed.
Advancement occurs by testing and becoming certified .
Advancement speeds up.
Advancements are subject to a ceiling control on the number of advancements per fiscal year.
Advancements challenge boys to accomplish and achieve goals.
Advancements continue to be made in the research of cardiovascular disease.
Advancements happen in all sports with gear which improve the performance of the athlete.
Advancements make lumpectomies a viable alternative for most women.
All advancement is half cost.
All advancements are merit based.
Every advancement made in a field like biology can serve to be aboon or a curse.
Advantage addresses the key IT requirements within any organisation.
Advantage also is listed as a defendant in the suit.
Advantage also means .
Advantage also offers even larger industrial shredders that are available upon request.
Advantage also provides free delivery of currency.
Advantage announces a new catalog listing all products.
Advantage applies as soon as the hall has been put into the scrummage and played.
Advantage applies only in respect of the first fill obtained in respect of an Eligible Order.
Advantage Apply liquid once a month.
Advantage ask Defeat among island around whatever acryllic sweater but enter over an knee.
Advantage ask Defeat among island around whatever kids shoes but enter over an knee.
Advantage can kill fleas and keep further populations from developing.
Advantage can provide additional financial information upon request or as necessary.
Advantage continues to work for up to four week on cats and at least four weeks on dogs.
Advantage depends on factors.
Advantage depends on several factors.
Advantage does place Internet cookies on visitors' hard drives.
Advantage employs user-created forms and a simple scripting language.
Advantage enter Defeat around island over whatever intimate apparel but fell beyond an knee.
Advantage enter Defeat around island over whatever joe boxer for child but fell beyond an knee.
Advantage enter Defeat around island over whatever man shorts but fell beyond an knee.
Advantage enter Defeat around island over whatever running shorts but fell beyond an knee.
Advantage even has a web site featuring audio samples of the pets in vocal competition.
Advantage features new content daily.
Advantage goes to small players.
Advantage goes to the small business.
Advantage has an unmatched reputation for diligence and unflagging accuracy.
Advantage has contracts for three charter schools in three states.
Advantage has offices in Canada and Mexico.
Advantage here goes to the offense.
Advantage here is a much larger list of suppliers.
Advantage Hiring In a scarce labor market, the applicant holds the power.
Advantage includes ability.
Advantage is a Bangalore, India based consulting organisation.
Advantage is a Bangalore, India based consulting organization.
Advantage is a complete business package that has satisfied the needs of distributors nationwide.
Advantage is a flea adulticide - it kills fleas.
Advantage is a network of independent franchise partners.
Advantage is a new form of insecticide that is extremely safe for cats and dogs.
Advantage is a once a month topical.
Advantage is a paid section for investors of all levels.
Advantage is a powerful program.
Advantage is a premium section for investors of all levels.
Advantage is a registered trade mark .
Advantage is a topical flea adulticide for dogs and cats.
Advantage is an adulticide which means that it only kills the adults.
Advantage is an asset
Advantage is applied as a topical solution to either dogs or cats.
Advantage is applied monthly behind the pet's shoulders.
Advantage is applied to all cats and to all dogs before they are released to an adoptive home.
Advantage is assets.
Advantage is available in packages of four and six applications.
Advantage is available only by veterinary prescription.
Advantage is available only from a veterinarian.
Advantage is available only through veterinary hospitals .
Advantage is available through veterinarians without a consultation.
Advantage is avoidance of phlebotomy.
Advantage is benefits.
Advantage is currently available to all government agencies having internet access.
Advantage is detection of infection prior to mounting immune response and extreme sensitivity.
Advantage is gained in sharing the guardiance and senses of the other species in detecting danger.
Advantage is immediate delivery and search capability of the electronic file.
Advantage is more than a sales and marketing software system.
Advantage is part of tennis.
Advantage is played only if it happens immediately.
Advantage is points.
Advantage is probably low price and readily available at local office depot.
Advantage is proud to present our business and link partners.
Advantage is reported to be safe for use on puppies and kittens, although no minimum age is given.
Advantage is safe without serious side effects.
Advantage is simplicity.
Advantage is taken continually of the newest developments and possibilities.
Advantage is taken of a unique spectral feature of soil biogenic crust containing cyanobacteria.
Advantage is taken of both the similarities and complementary behaviors of seismic and radar waves.
Advantage is taken of both the similarities and complimentary behaviors of seismic and radar waves.
Advantage is taken of the differential physical properties between the diastereomers.
Advantage is taken of the law by Democratic managers to perpetrate a fraud of their own.
Advantage is taken of visiting performers to arrange workshops and master classes.
Advantage is that area is well defined.
Advantage is that capabilities can be intermixed with the regular instructions and data.
Advantage is that collagen is natural component of vocal fold.
Advantage is that communal nests are continuously guarded .
Advantage is that it is updated more regularly.
Advantage is that larger amounts can be injected intramuscularly.
Advantage is that light induces potassium and water uptake, which causes the cell to swell.
Advantage is that stations use the same network interface card, but they can run at higher speeds.
Advantage is that the mesh-space is simple.
Advantage is that the player at the net can put away poor returns and block crosscourt shots.
Advantage is that they bill in six second increments and that there is no limit of time.
Advantage is the fastest flea control in a tube.
Advantage is the opportunity to interview with several prospective employers at one time.
Advantage IS the same as play on.
Advantage is the use of single tagged reagent for many antibodies.
Advantage is they can be manipulated arithmetically.
Advantage is truly a biological weapon against fleas.
Advantage is two-way.
Advantage is up and running.
Advantage is very flexible and they're quick learners.
Advantage is water-resistant.
Advantage is zero emissions.
Advantage isa asset.
Advantage just kills fleas.
Advantage lies in facts.
Advantage lies in the replacement cost of the wear pad being far less than that of the die pad.
Advantage never takes possession of the actual goods.
Advantage offers all classes of vehicles, competitive rates and personalized service.
Advantage offers great rental rates and service on all vehicle classes.
Advantage offers lease financing for vendors, dealers and manufacturers.
Advantage offers network installation and support to local area businesses and residences.
Advantage offers special rates and services for events of any size.
Advantage offers the necessary training for employers and their employees.
Advantage plans to buy the company with debt.
Advantage prizes the contributions of school employees in the development of our company.
Advantage provides sales, marketing, category management, and retail services to manufacturers.
Advantage sweeps quickly from one player to the other yet victory is surprising when it comes.
Advantage works against fleas even after a shampooing, swimming or exposure to rain or sunlight.
Advantage works well on worn fields.
Advantages abound to using Internet software to access information.
Advantages Allow parts of page to remain static while other parts scroll.
Advantages Allows a company to share ownership with the employees.
Advantages Allows for a constant rate of delivery of multi-component mixtures.
Advantages Allows for product design flexibility.
Advantages Allows maximum use of money without excess tax burdens.
Advantages Allows specific evaluation of blood vessels to be performed.
Advantages Allows the employer to differentiate pay given to high performers.
Advantages Allows the interviewer to clarify questions.
Advantages are a better visual field and no motion of tissue in the arthroscopic field.
Advantages are an easier, more reliable start.
Advantages are better color, more lumens per watt, whiter light, longer life.
Advantages are comfort and ease of control, with minimal drag penalty.
Advantages are cost and time savings.
Advantages are cost, full access to the Internet, and performance.
Advantages are cost, speed, and no special software needed.
Advantages are denser circuits and faster read-out.
Advantages are disadvantages of each model are discussed.
Advantages are ease of fabrication, no air leakage, and no pin friction.
Advantages are ease of managing database and extremely quick implementation cycle.
Advantages are even better.
Advantages are faster updating and links to Internet resources.
Advantages are fuel economy, performance and emissions.
Advantages are less bleeding, pain and postoperative edema, and cosmetically superior results.
Advantages are less errors with smaller PDUs.
Advantages are long term effects that a character, the player, or troops can gain.
Advantages are lots of vacation time, as well ashigh pay.
Advantages are low cost, ease of harvest, and suitability for two-way cultivation.
Advantages are low cost, warm pleasing tones.
Advantages are low internal dead volume and compatibility with corrosive or sensitive liquids.
Advantages are lower currents, and simplicity.
Advantages are more attractive and cheaper events.
Advantages are no ionizing radiation and imaging in any plane without moving the patient's head.
Advantages are numerous.
Advantages are obvious in sparsely populated rural areas.
Advantages are quick response and difficult for burglars to tamper with.
Advantages are quiet operation and small, unobtrusive size inside.
Advantages are similar to taxis, but cleaner and more comfortable.
Advantages are small file size.
Advantages are somewhat flexible have good feedback control properties.
Advantages are space, expense, and maintenance.
Advantages are speed and ease of cutting the donor strip into individual grafts.
Advantages are speed and more ability to share.
Advantages are stability, accessibility, consistency.
Advantages are that fewer session are required and improvement is noted sooner.
Advantages are that it is colorful.
Advantages are that it is reusable and can be cleaned.
Advantages are that it offers excellent visualization of the entire colon.
Advantages are that it's prestigious and instantly recognizable as a highly respected publication.
Advantages are that little practice is needed.
Advantages are that the views of everyone are considered, and the time for all stages is low.
Advantages are that they are used only when needed.
Advantages are that they make the bow a little bit lighter and usually quiet the bow.
Advantages are the good signal reproducibility, the absence of gain drift and the compact size.
Advantages are use of rifle grenades, as well as being used with a silencer.
Advantages arising from the change There is now much more room for user files on the home disk.
Advantages Can attempt to disarm opponents weapons and stun opponents.
Advantages Can be an effective and efficient advertising vehicle.
Advantages can be faster if the cache is used and large enough.
Advantages Can be very specific.
Advantages Can capture a large field of view.
Advantages Can divert a high volume of organic waste, but compost uses are likely to be restricted.
Advantages can include extended bottom time or an extra measure of safety using air tables.
Advantages Can operate with automobile motorcycle, or lantern battery.
Advantages Can steal and fight back.
Advantages come from developing spiritual strength.
Advantages come only with practice.
Advantages Completely customizable templates.
Advantages Cost of castings is relatively low with high volumes.
Advantages Cutting creates immediate open areas of water.
Advantages Describe the advantages of a multi-user system.
Advantages Disadvantages Similar types of websites grouped together.
Advantages Disavantages More selection, especially of the make the dealership sells new.
Advantages Ensures continuity of management and operations.
Advantages exist for both alternatives.
Advantages exist for registering properly.
Advantages Find rares, which can sell for quite a bit.
Advantages Floating end allows for differential thermal expansion betwen the shell and tubes.
Advantages form an airtight seal which minimises feedback.
Advantages Generally has good initial outcomes.
Advantages generally outweigh theoretical or proven risks.
Advantages Gives the woman control over use of a contraceptive.
Advantages Go to almost any doctor or hospital.
Advantages go to whoever has more development tools.
Advantages Helps to alleviate slight incontinence.
Advantages Highly tax efficient investment strategy for retirement.
Advantages Incorporating offers a variety of tax planning advantages.
Advantages increase with the complexity of the molded part.
Advantages Increasing size is the biggest advantage of a practice merger.
Advantages is fantastic.
Advantages Is probably the most portable of all approaches.
Advantages Is the balancing point of a set of scores.
Advantages Lower initial monthly payment.
Advantages Makes animals more tractable.
Advantages Meets current geometric design standards.
Advantages Open the door to radiant heat.
Advantages outweigh the risks.
Advantages Placing an ad is free.
Advantages Placing an ad is usually free.
Advantages Planning for their child's future provides several advantages.
Advantages Possibly eliminate pre-drying of the material.
Advantages Produce intuitive feedback.
Advantages Produces no spurious output.
Advantages Protects against pregnancy for five years.
Advantages Provide users with a subject directory and a short description of each site.
Advantages Provides more complete feedback to students.
Advantages Reduces occasions for clerical error by having UBMs enter data.
Advantages Remove most duplication from search results.
Advantages Removes the competitive pressure between students.
Advantages Requires less button-pushing, moving and aiming with the computer mouse.
Advantages Rollerblading is a fun way for kids to get fit.
Advantages Saves a lot of time.
Advantages Saves space in the bathroom.
Advantages Takes advantage of comparative advantages.
Advantages Takes advantage of postpartum estrus and decreases time between litters.
Advantages Teaches students the process of evaluating themselves for the future.
Advantages There are advantages to using whole newsprint.
Advantages There are many advantages in developing such a focused network.
Advantages There are many advantages of being involved in the program.
Advantages There are many advantages to earth-sheltered construction.
Advantages There are many advantages to online education.
Advantages There are many benefits to acquiring assets through bankruptcy.
Advantages There are many different mechanisms for controlling gene expression.
Advantages There are many economic benefits.
Advantages There are many potential advantages of clustering.
Advantages There are several advantages to using revenue bonds.
Advantages There is less of a chance of staining because it is such a good oxidizer.
Advantages There is more than one opportunity to generate revenue.
Advantages therefore are better immediate comfort, greater wearing comfort and longer wearing time.
Advantages Turns some unconscious wearers face-up in water.
Advantages typically increase with higher power and larger engraving areas.
Advantages ultimate equity of access.
Advantages Uses the top-rated search engines.
Advantages vary with each individual.
Advantages Viewing glasses are cheap, starting from free for flimsy cardboard glasses.
Advantages Walking is the only exercise that continues to be popular with people as they grow older.
Advantages Works with a single-phase clock.
Advantages Writing a master's thesis is decidedly the toughest way to graduate from the program.
Advantage usually works as the single method of flea control without the house and yard treatment.
All Advantage is a pain in the butt.
All Advantage is a pay to surf program.
All Advantage is a way to earn money for surfing the net to check it out click on the banner below.
All Advantage is also a great way to Make Money.
All Advantage is an extremely easy way to make money.
All Advantage is new to the web.
All Advantage is one of the best known 'Paid to surf' programs and the pay rates are good.
All advantage is temporary and no one can guarantee their future success.
All Advantage is the first company that had the original idea of being paid to surf.
All Advantage is the oldest and most established pay to surf program.
All Advantage is the worlds fastest growing web community in history.
All Advantage seems to be the most reliable, but utopiad offers more money overall.
Any advantage believe certainly, whether lots snow till an threat confuse.
Any advantage has to be weighed against the cost and inconvenience of the higher pressures needed.
Any advantage is momentary.
Every advantage goes to the early applicant.
Every advantage has at least one corresponding disadvantage.
Every advantage seems to have corresponding disadvantages.
Many advantages accrue to chemigation.
Many advantages are also apparent in the new order of things.
Many advantages are evident for billing and paying, administrative review, and research.
Many advantages are to be gained by living together.
Many advantages exist pertaining to taking classes in the summer.
Many advantages flow from such a plan of government.
Many advantages provide a bonus to attributes and skills within a narrow field.
More advantages are to be gleaned by changing circuit designs as well as transistors.
More advantages exist here than disadvantages.
Most advantage depends on factors.
Most advantage depends on several factors.
Most advantage includes ability.
Some advantage creates values.
Some advantage enhances chances.
Some advantage has electricity.
Some advantage provides evidence.
Some advantage provides further evidence.
Some advantage relates to germination.
Some advantages are as follows.
Some advantages are fewer preps per day.
Some advantages are immediately obvious.
Some advantages are practical.
Some advantages exist in alternating the use of drainfields if a second drainfield can be added.
Advantaged areas continue to enjoy the same high levels of service as ever.
Advantaged children gain much of the withheld knowledge at home.
More advantaged students have educational supports such as encyclopedias and personal computers.
Advantageous alleles appear and are swept to fixation by selection.
Advantageous color is royal blue.
Advantageous colors are amber and violet.
Advantageous colors are Aztec gold and flame red.
Advantageous colors are baby blue and carnation pink.
Advantageous colors are baby blue and melon.
Advantageous colors are banana and baby blue.
Advantageous colors are banana and periwinkle.
Advantageous colors are basic black and heather gray. .
Advantageous colors are basic black and heather gray.
Advantageous colors are basic black and pale green. .
Advantageous colors are basic black and warm brown.
Advantageous colors are beige and alabaster. .
Advantageous colors are beige and blue gray.
Advantageous colors are beige and brick red.
Advantageous colors are beige and steel gray.
Advantageous colors are brick red and burnt orange.
Advantageous colors are brick red and coffee brown.
Advantageous colors are bright purple and bronze.
Advantageous colors are bronze and forest green.
Advantageous colors are bronze and rich brown.
Advantageous colors are bronze and sage green.
Advantageous colors are burnt orange and cherry red.
Advantageous colors are canary yellow and blue green.
Advantageous colors are canary yellow and sky blue.
Advantageous colors are carnelian and gold.
Advantageous colors are chestnut and ruby red.
Advantageous colors are chrysalis green and copper.
Advantageous colors are chrysalis green and pearl white.
Advantageous colors are cinnabar and gold.
Advantageous colors are cinnamon and cream.
Advantageous colors are clay and forest green.
Advantageous colors are coral and tangerine.
Advantageous colors are cream and dove gray.
Advantageous colors are crimson and peach.
Advantageous colors are crimson and wine.
Advantageous colors are electric blue and bright orange. .
Advantageous colors are electric blue and sparkling green.
Advantageous colors are electric blue and tangerine.
Advantageous colors are emerald green and electric blue.
Advantageous colors are emerald green and heather gray.
Advantageous colors are forest green and clay.
Advantageous colors are garnet red and dark green.
Advantageous colors are garnet red and emerald green.
Advantageous colors are golden amber and periwinkle.
Advantageous colors are golden amber and sapphire blue.
Advantageous colors are goldenrod and indigo.
Advantageous colors are goldenrod and russet.
Advantageous colors are heather gray and basic black.
Advantageous colors are hot pink and lime green.
Advantageous colors are hot pink and tangerine.
Advantageous colors are hunter green and terra cotta.
Advantageous colors are khaki and maroon.
Advantageous colors are khaki and navy.
Advantageous colors are khaki and olive green.
Advantageous colors are lavender and midnight blue.
Advantageous colors are lavender and silver.
Advantageous colors are lemon yellow and sky blue.
Advantageous colors are lilac and teal.
Advantageous colors are mahogany and sapphire blue.
Advantageous colors are maroon and tan.
Advantageous colors are mauve and midnight blue.
Advantageous colors are melon and berry.
Advantageous colors are midnight blue and lavender.
Advantageous colors are midnight blue and mauve.
Advantageous colors are midnight blue and silver.
Advantageous colors are midnight blue and sunset pink.
Advantageous colors are mink brown and cinnabar.
Advantageous colors are mink brown and wine red. .
Advantageous colors are navy blue and pure white.
Advantageous colors are navy blue and tan.
Advantageous colors are olive green and khaki.
Advantageous colors are oyster and pale green.
Advantageous colors are pale gold and lavender. .
Advantageous colors are pale gold and lilac.
Advantageous colors are pale gold and powder pink.
Advantageous colors are pale gold and royal purple.
Advantageous colors are pale gold and silver.
Advantageous colors are pale gold and violet.
Advantageous colors are pale green and aqua.
Advantageous colors are pale green and oyster.
Advantageous colors are pale pink and aqua.
Advantageous colors are pale yellow and sky blue.
Advantageous colors are peach and teal.
Advantageous colors are pearl gray and seaweed green.
Advantageous colors are pearl white and seaweed green.
Advantageous colors are periwinkle and lemon.
Advantageous colors are petal pink and aquamarine blue.
Advantageous colors are pink and baby blue. .
Advantageous colors are pink and purple.
Advantageous colors are rose and ivory.
Advantageous colors are rose pink and baby blue.
Advantageous colors are rose pink and periwinkle.
Advantageous colors are royal purple and red velvet.
Advantageous colors are ruby red and gold.
Advantageous colors are ruby red and pearl white.
Advantageous colors are ruby red and snow white. .
Advantageous colors are ruby red and snow white.
Advantageous colors are sage green and clay.
Advantageous colors are sage green and desert sand.
Advantageous colors are sage green and terra cotta.
Advantageous colors are sand and papaya.
Advantageous colors are sapphire blue and emerald green.
Advantageous colors are sapphire blue and golden amber.
Advantageous colors are silver and midnight blue.
Advantageous colors are silver and navy blue.
Advantageous colors are silver and sunset pink.
Advantageous colors are slate blue and fern green.
Advantageous colors are snow white and brick red.
Advantageous colors are soft coral and aqua.
Advantageous colors are soft coral and carnation pink.
Advantageous colors are soft coral and cornflower.
Advantageous colors are soft coral and rose pink.
Advantageous colors are soft coral and sparkling green.
Advantageous colors are steel gray and aqua.
Advantageous colors are steel gray and basic black.
Advantageous colors are steel gray and electric blue.
Advantageous colors are sunset pink and silver.
Advantageous colors are sunset pink and teal.
Advantageous colors are tan and maroon.
Advantageous colors are tan and olive green.
Advantageous colors are tangerine and hot pink.
Advantageous colors are tangerine and lime green.
Advantageous colors are teal and silver.
Advantageous colors are terra cotta and rich brown.
Advantageous colors are violet and amber.
Advantageous colors are violet and aqua.
Advantageous colors are violet and golden amber.
Advantageous colors are white and crimson.
Advantageous colors are wine and bronze.
Advantageous colors are wine red and chestnut brown.
Some advantageous features get information.
Advantageous laws are laws that help to preserve the regime.
Advantageous rates are available for regular clients.
Advantageous traits give competitive advantage or ability to adapt and change.
Advection fog involves a breeze or moderate wind.
Advection fog involves very moist low level air moving over cold ground.
Advection fog is caused by air.
Advection fog is caused by moist air.
Advection fog is common along the pacific coast of the United States.
Most advection fog is caused by air.
Most advection fog is caused by moist air.
Advection applies a mapping defined by the vector field to the input points.
Advection involves the transfer of heat energy by means of horizontal mass motions through a medium.
Advection is a lateral movement of air.
Advection is another form of transferring heat.
Advection is calculated using the semi-Lagrangian method.
Advection is the movement of the contaminant with the flowing water.
Advection is the transport of an atmospheric property from one place to another by the wind.
Advection is, however, weaker than gravity in causing migration.
Advection isa process.
Advection means that there is horizontal movement of an air mass toward a colder or warmer region.
Advection occurs when contaminants move with the groundwater.
Advection refers to the horizontal movement of air.
An advection is an action
Advective transfers occur in air streams, in ocean currents, and in surface run-off .
Advective transport is attributed to the average motion of the fluid.
Advent calendars are also popular in Germany.
Advent calendars help to build a sense of expectation in many Austrian homes.
Advent preparation is simple.
Advent anticipates that.
Advent begins each year.
Advent begins with an invitation to repent and be forgiven.
Advent believes that all key suppliers have now adequately addressed the risks.
Advent brings together the themes of anticipation, fulfillment, and judgment.
Advent can be quite a sombre time in many ways.
Advent celebrates human longing.
Advent celebrates the future.
Advent celebrates the unfulfilled.
Advent closes, as it began, really, with an image of patient, trusting faith.
Advent comes around every year.
Advent encourages the appropriate response for a people in transition.
Advent is a beautiful season.
Advent is a dynamic word.
Advent is a getting-ready time.
Advent is a good time to take inventory of the clutter in our lives.
Advent is a hard time for a lot of people, because of the intense expectations of the season.
Advent is a Latin word meaning the coming .
Advent is a period marked by waiting, anticipating something to happen.
Advent is a problem.
Advent is a season expectations and gifts.
Advent is a season of anticipation.
Advent is a season of confession and repentance.
Advent is a season of expectation.
Advent is a season of great tension.
Advent is a season of hope, hope for the future in the light of present reality.
Advent is a season of hope.
Advent is a season of joyful and spiritual expectation.
Advent is a season of joyful expectation.
Advent is a season of opening doors.
Advent is a season of penance and preparation.
Advent is a season of preparation, contemplation, waiting, and silence.
Advent is a season of proclamation.
Advent is a season of repentance and a season of promises and possibilities.
Advent is a serious season, a time for repentance and a time for meditation.
Advent is a set-apart time for preparation.
Advent is a similar season of preparation.
Advent is a three-fold preparation.
Advent is a time for discipline and preparation.
Advent is a time for dreaming, and it is also a time for journeying.
Advent is a time for getting ready.
Advent is a time for looking both backward and forward.
Advent is a time for preparation.
Advent is a time for soul searching.
Advent is a time for waiting, a time of darkness.
Advent is a time for watching and waiting.
Advent is a time observed by Christian people to wait for the birth of Jesus.
Advent is a time of anticipation, a time of looking forward, a time of hope.
Advent is a time of beginnings.
Advent is a time of hope and expectation.
Advent is a time of joy tinged with penance.
Advent is a time of joyful preparation and expectation.
Advent is a time of preparation.
Advent is a time of special prayer, fasting and other spiritual disciplines.
Advent is a time of standing still, and yet making a pilgrimage.
Advent is a time of subtlety.
Advent is a time of vigilance and prayer.
Advent is a time of waiting and anticipation.
Advent is a time of waiting.
Advent is a time of watching, of waiting, and of expectation.
Advent is a time to be prepared.
Advent is a time to become aware of one's sins.
Advent is a time to begin to reach out in a loving and more generous way to each other.
Advent is a time to examine our desire and our liberty to let go.
Advent is a time to go out willingly into the wilderness.
Advent is a time to live on tiptoe.
Advent is a time to sit and be, as well as to do and become.
Advent is a time to spiritually prepare for the birth of Jesus .
Advent is a wonderful time both of preparation and of contemplation.
Advent is about being watchful and expectant.
Advent is about hoping, waiting, about believing and working to usher in that reign.
Advent is about learning to listen.
Advent is about 'light' and 'hope'.
Advent is about making sacred space in our lives.
Advent is about preparation.
Advent is about proper waiting.
Advent is about searching with empty baskets.
Advent is about something unexpected.
Advent is about the Kingdom's coming in our lives.
Advent is about the possibility of a brand new story.
Advent is about waiting, about expectancy, about dreaming .
Advent is about waiting.
Advent is above all a time of joyful anticipation.
Advent is almost over the much to celebrate anticipated birth is near.
Advent is also the time for the church to be the church.
Advent is bittersweet.
Advent is care, concern, compassion, connection.
Advent is from the Latin, adventus , which simply means coming.
Advent is like that.
Advent is marked by social action as much as it by sweet carols.
Advent is more than anticipation and expectation.
Advent is no exception.
Advent is off.
Advent is our season of delay, our waiting room for a glimpse of the eternal.
Advent is our time for seeing like a prophet.
Advent is our wake-up call.
Advent is really threefold in nature, encompassing all time, - past, present, and future.
Advent is sneaky that way.
Advent is such a beautiful season.
Advent is symphonic.
Advent is the beginning and the preparation for the Christian Year.
Advent is the beginning of the Church Year for most churches in the Western tradition.
Advent is the beginning of the church year.
Advent is the birth and rebirth of hope, love, joy and peace.
Advent is the season of expectancy.
Advent is the season of expectant unknowing.
Advent is the season of hope.
Advent is the season of prayerful and joyful anticipation.
Advent is the season of the exile.
Advent is the season of yearning.
Advent is the time of longing, awaiting, hoping.
Advent is the time of waiting and of preparation.
Advent is the time to figure out what time it is.
Advent is the touch of summer rain on sunning soil, carrying the promise of the harvest.
Advent is therefore a season of hope.
Advent is thus a period for devout and joyful expectation.
Advent is traditionally a season of self-examination.
Advent is traditionally a time of waiting and keeping vigil.
Advent legitimates our homesickness.
Advent literally means the coming or arrival of something really important.
Advent means coming into being, the birth of something new.
Advent means expecting that the world can really change.
Advent offers weekly enrollment.
Advent opens to new horizons.
Advent provides the liturgy and Scripture for that wait.
AdVent raises the standard in single-stage implant dentistry.
Advent reads like a rough draft of the follow-up to Calculus .
Advent remains a privately held company, albeit an exceptionally well-funded one.
Advent sponsors many small group activities, workshops and events.
Advent tends to be a time of doing, even stressful doing. . . scurrying, shopping, worrying.
Advents are arrivals.
Advents are seasons.
An advent is an arrival
Adventist education is a major means of helping the people and investing in the country's future.
Adventist education is up against hard times.
Adventist men are also welcome to forward it to their friends.
Adventist revolutionary leads Uganda.
Adventist scholars use several different methods of interpretation.
Adventist schools maintain very high educational standards.
Some Adventist schools add matching dollars.
Adventitious buds develop in callus tissue of the cambial layers of stumps.
Adventitious presence is a key issue in the debate over regulation of biotechnology .
Adventitious roots abound in the obviously compacted zone - no doubt from lawn watering and traffic.
Adventitious roots are formed at nodes which are in contact with water or moist soil.
Adventitious roots are grown from discoid in the soil.
Adventitious roots are located at nodes along the stem, both below and above ground.
Adventitious roots are roots originating directly from the stem.
Adventitious roots are roots that form on plant organs other than roots.
Adventitious roots are roots that originate directly at the shoot.
Adventitious roots are roots.
Adventitious roots arise from the leaf traces.
Adventitious roots arise from the lower side of the rhizomes.
Adventitious roots bear root spines.
Adventitious roots develop at the base of branch shoots.
Adventitious roots develop from the base of the new corm.
Adventitious roots form at the nodes.
Adventitious roots form on the lower surface.
Adventitious roots grow from stems or leaves rather than from the regular root system of the plant.
Adventitious roots grow in place of the old ones.
Adventitious roots occur at the stem base.
Adventitious roots originate from the stem .
An adventitious root is a root
Adventive species grow on man-made and disturbed soils.
Adventure aspects are always enjoyable, and the game is structured to give plenty of replay value.
Adventure books maintain an uncompromising Christian perspective but avoids being preachy.
Adventure camp includes horseback riding and caving.
Adventure camp is designed to teach campers about the outdoors.
Adventure camp is located in Monroe County elementary schools.
Adventure capitalists fund new enterprises for a combination of reasons.
Adventure climbing is the nineties way to peer out into the abyss.
Adventure club provides volunteers and logistics planning for the overall event.
Adventure days can be as short as two hours or as long as a full day.
Adventure education is a powerful medium in which to work.
Adventure flights are available to visitors by appointment.
Adventure game distributing is still in flux.
Adventure games are all about exploring, usually under little or no time pressure.
Adventure games are computer games.
Adventure games require the designer write the story and the player act it out.
Many adventure games contain more than just riddles and logic and assembling pieces of a puzzle.
Some adventure games have combat sequences.
Adventure golf is available if golfing is more thing.
Adventure kids is a special section by kids for kids.
Adventure mode is one player against the system.
Adventure mode is where the real action is.
Adventure movies sell better than any other kind of movie.
Adventure Package is payable in full .
Adventure programme is included in the lodge 'best of adventure' packages only.
Adventure races are self-sufficient races, through wilderness areas.
Adventure races are team, or sometimes solo, multi-sport events, usually in a wilderness setting.
Adventure races come in three basic flavors based on the length of the event.
Most adventure races boil down to foot races.
Adventure racers are a small cadre for good reason.
Adventure racing are racing.
Adventure sport is a major tourist attraction in areas like the Cape.
All adventure sports carry risks.
All adventure sports have their jargon.
All adventure sports involve a degree of risk and hillwalking and mountaineering are no exceptions.
Adventure stories are fun.
Adventure stories are still a strong oral tradition in the South.
Adventure stories are stories.
Adventure stories can be fiction or nonfiction.
Adventure stories Go on a harrowing flight with a private pilot.
An adventure story is a story
Adventure tourism abounds in South Australia, home of huge stretches of outback desert.
Adventure tourism Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Adventure tourism involves a degree of danger and requires specialized skills.
Adventure tourism requires strict guidelines to insure safety.
Adventure training includes rock climbing, repelling, range firing, and land navigation.
Adventure training is also available during the academic year.
Adventure training is offered to all cadets.
Adventure travel can mean many things to different individuals.
Adventure travel does involve a certain amount of risk.
Adventure travel has inherent risks of injury or death.
Adventure travel has, everyone agrees, become softer as baby boomers continue to age.
Adventure travel is a service industry.
Adventure travel is also hot.
Adventure travel is big business in Switzerland, yet it is mostly unregulated.
Adventure travel is especially popular with senior travelers.
Adventure travel is just another way to stay stimulated, they say.
Adventure travel is more popular than ever.
Adventure travel is one of the biggest, baddest, boomingest slices of the ever-swelling travel pie.
Adventure travel is one of the main forerunners of ecotourism.
Adventure travel is the fastest growing market in world tourism.
Adventure travel is the fastest growing segment of the travel industry.
Adventure travel is the fastest growing tourism market segment.
Adventure travel is the fastest growing tourism sector.
Adventure travel is the name of the game.
Adventure travel is the way to vacation in the Millennium.
Adventure travel means steamy jungles and incredible black sand beaches in Ecuador.
Adventure travel offers exciting alternatives to traditional vacations.
All adventure travel has many elements of risk.
Adventure abounds here.
Adventure abounds regardless.
Adventure abounds, skiing to kayaking.
Adventure Associates Our apologies.
Adventure awaits all who enter.
Adventure awaits, as discoveries lurk around every bend.
Adventure based approaches can offer an effective adjunct to a traditional program.
Adventure Based Counseling is a significant component of our counseling program.
Adventure begins in the Nevis Creek area of Northern British Columbia.
Adventure Begins Twelve men, five boats, and nine days away from home.
Adventure begins where control ends.
Adventure begins with new to the the boring usual.
Adventure Build an homage to adventure.
Adventure calls on all the faculties of mind and spirit.
Adventure can be as simple or as complex as a coming of age story.
Adventure can mean anything from a car trip to California to climbing Mount Everest.
Adventure can un-opiate the masses.
Adventure combines two of the best products into one convenient travel system.
Adventure comes into peoples' lives in many ways, sometimes bidden, sometimes pointblank.
Adventure confers imaginations of trails with risks ending in great discoveries.
Adventure cruises in the gulf islands and beyond.
Adventure distributes, as well as publishes, On The Wings of A North Wind.
Adventure does sometimes carry a price.
Adventure emerges from the Green Mountains along with the the rocks and the trees.
Adventure Flying halfway around the world is no picnic.
Adventure follows after an inventor father shrinks the kids.
Adventure has amazing strengths and powers.
Adventure has no rules.
Adventure Have work duties which require frequent risk-taking.
Adventure Imagine visiting one of the most complex and varied avian communities in the world.
Adventure includes snacks, Hawaiian juice and bottled water.
Adventure involves employing coping skills in an unfamiliar environment.
Adventure is a deep subject in itself, well worth another article.
Adventure is a delightful adventure for dog lovers of all ages.
Adventure is a full-service dive shop and dive travel agency.
Adventure is a good link.
Adventure is a great tool for growth.
Adventure is a high stakes gamble.
Adventure is a historical series with a twist.
Adventure is a life-long vehicle for learning.
Adventure is a many-splendored thing.
Adventure is a the big draw.
Adventure is about testing limits, and that's an individual thing.
Adventure is active, joyful discovery.
Adventure is alive in Tropical North Queensland with diving for the certified and the amature.
Adventure is all about crossing thresholds.
Adventure is all-encompassing.
Adventure is an adventure into the unknown.
Adventure is an important inherited element in the Gulf character.
Adventure is anathema to the average halfling.
Adventure is around every corner.
Adventure is available for birthday parties.
Adventure is berthed in Gloucester's Inner Harbor throughout the year.
Adventure is by normal definition, an unusual or exciting experience.
Adventure is considered a pioneer in the wilds of Labrador.
Adventure is designed for a specific grade levels.
Adventure is here, too, although it's clunky.
Adventure is in the eye of the beholder.
Adventure is inside.
Adventure is just bad planing.
Adventure is long and lean, and able to go through all kinds of heavy weather.
Adventure is only another name for that struggle for progress.
Adventure is our goal, but safety comes first.
Adventure is our primary concern, but the better the bargain, the better the adventure.
Adventure is part of our curriculum.
Adventure is pretty scarce in Pitchfork, Oregon.
Adventure is so much more comfortable today.
Adventure is stripped away.
Adventure is the antidote.
Adventure is the heart of the story.
Adventure is the last example afloat of a knockabout style schooner in the United States.
Adventure is the name of the game.
Adventure is the perfect antidote for fear.
Adventure is the unplanned thing that happens on a well planned trip.
Adventure is the vitaminizing element in histories both individual and social.
Adventure is their thing.
Adventure is there every step of the visitor's way.
Adventure is thrust upon the young man.
Adventure is what makes life worth living.
Adventure is worthwhile in itself.
Adventure is, by definition, action oriented.
Adventure isa task.
Adventure lies in the unknown.
Adventure means a journey with a surprise destination.
Adventure means being bold.
Adventure means striving to go above, beyond, and even further.
Adventure playgrounds as well as the animals.
Adventure playgrounds, picnic areas.
Adventure reading for toddlers, ages one to three.
Adventure reports, bulletin board, and game recipes.
Adventure rides that take children into journey's they can control.
Adventure runs reckless through veins on vacation.
Adventure seems pretty tame compared to today's games, but can still be a lot of fun.
Adventure sells and danger sells even better.
Adventure sells tanning sessions and swim wear and has an Internet site.
Adventure stretches clear to the horizons.
Adventure touring in Utah is almost limitless with rides for every skill level.
Adventure tours around Kauai's coast and to the Forbidden Island.
Adventure Travel How to choose an outfitter.
Adventure unfolds more like an epic song cycle, where each track segues seamlessly into the next.
Adventure Waits Here.
Adventure womens hiking shoes.
Adventures abound on the Web.
Adventures abound, the gateway to the continental divide brings the best of what nature intended.
Adventures are gentle, low-key and are offered in a supportive nurturing environment .
Adventures are gentle, low-key and are offered in a supportive nurturing environment.
Adventures are good, lizards are good, and being nice pretty much says it all.
Adventures are hands-on.
Adventures are journeys.
Adventures are limitless in the Rockies.
Adventures are mission based and unconcerned with the abilities of the party members.
Adventures are random at start.
Adventures are sometimes stale, static collections of scenes and overwhelming force.
Adventures are the key attractions to visit.
Adventures are the result of incompetence.
Adventures are to the adventurous.
Adventures are video games.
Adventures assumes no liability regarding provision of medical care.
Adventures attracts delightful people for a thoroughly enjoyable adventure.
Adventures await, in shopping, polo and dining - or rock climbing, hiking and hot air ballooning.
Adventures become lessons.
Adventures begin here in one of Texas' oldest cities.
Adventures begin here with words.
Adventures begin when they lose their way and end up in a forest.
Adventures can be fun, or, worse, no fun.
Adventures can be short, or can evolve into entire worlds.
Adventures can become ordinary.
Adventures can have images, sound, flags to check, random events and more.
Adventures do turn up, even in Edinburgh.
Adventures focus on exploration, conflict and character development.
Adventures happen every day and every day is an adventure.
Adventures include experience.
Adventures involve characters.
Adventures involve favorite characters.
Adventures involve men.
Adventures involve mysterious men.
Adventures lead to a great confrontation between good and evil.
Adventures love the thrill of risk and routinely engage in high-risk activities.
Adventures offers challenges, discovery and fun fit for every season.
Adventures offers mountain training and instruction and guided leadership.
Adventures offers mountain training and instruction around the English Lake District.
Adventures take place every two to four weeks.
Adventures There are many wonderful choices when it comes to dining in Union County.
An adventure is a project
Adventure always brings a boy safely home.
Adventure often begets mishaps and accidents.
Adventures usually stress on story and puzzle content.
All adventure is now reactionary.
All adventures are non refundable, unless prearranged.
All adventures require a nonrefundable deposit.
All adventures take place in the Western United States, Canada, the Midwest and Alaska.
Any adventure requires three things.
Every adventure ends with a ranking and a clue.
Every adventure is a reconnaissance for the next one.
Every adventure needs a starting point.
Many adventures are fly-in only for that true wilderness experience.
Many adventures await the outdoor enthusiast.
Many adventures fill early.
Many adventures lie ahead.
Many adventures simply have too many extremely difficult anti-logic puzzles included.
More adventure is imminent.
More adventure is in the works.
Most adventures involve characters.
Most adventures involve favorite characters.
Most adventures involve men.
Most adventures involve mysterious men.
Most adventures run five or ten episodes.
Most adventures start and finish over cups of coffee shared on the porch.
Some adventures do however call for some serious gear.
Some adventures happen randomly.
Some adventures have features.
Some adventures have several features.
Some adventures rent a canoe or kayak and test the white waters of any one of several nearby rivers.
Some adventures take places.
Adventurers are all the more likely to travel forth in search of the glory of battle.
Adventurers are open to learning whatever is of value.
Adventurers are people.
Adventurers can climb the highest peaks or go underground.
Adventurers can enjoy easy to moderate rafting trips.
Adventurers can explore the jungle by jeep or join one of the daily excursions.
Adventurers can hike or stroll our trails.
Adventurers can kayak, canoe and speed boat.
Adventurers can pitch their tent along the trail or enjoy a spot in one of the local campgrounds.
Adventurers differ in their mental outlook.
Adventurers don wetsuit, mask, snorkel and fins and float with the fish in the fall.
Adventurers have a choice between mild adventure and extreme adventure guided tours.
Adventurers is a similar concept but with a younger age group in mind.
Adventurers learn interpersonal skills as they participate in exciting activities.
Adventurers like to stay on top and live on the edge.
Adventurers live in the present.
Adventurers love the thrill of risk and routinely engage in high-risk activities.
Adventurers pride themselves on having seen it.
Adventurers relish sex.
Adventurers take change in stride, relishing new opportunities to grow.
Adventurers tend to have short attention spans.
Adventurers toast the new millennium in Antarctica.
An adventurer is a person
All adventurers know that there is power in numbers.
Every adventurer is capable of binding someone's wounds.
Every adventurer lives for such a moment.
Many adventurers also choose to go down by raft.
Many adventurers also choose to go down by river raft.
Many adventurers come here to talk with their rambling counterparts from the North and the South.
Most adventurers attract sharks by what is called chumming.
Some Adventurers enjoy the excitement of risk taking, but keep the stakes at reasonable levels.
Some Adventurers enjoy the excitement of taking risks, but keep the stakes at reasonable levels.
Adventuresome sex presents couples with their greatest challenge.
Adventurous activities abseils caving climbing.
All adventurous activities require the appropriate authorisation.
Adventurous ardor invigorates the work of their hands.
Adventurous beginners are welcome - be prepared to be thrilled.
Adventurous boarders boast big air off snow-laden cliffs.
More adventurous campers can simply stake out a place in the woods and make themselves at home.
More adventurous campers can stay inside teepees.
Adventurous connoisseurs can proudly wear their brightly colored button for all to see .
Adventurous diners douse their meals with hot sauces that push the third-degree zone.
Adventurous divers come from all over the world to explore the underwater caves.
Adventurous explorers have a rare opportunity here to go where few have trod.
Adventurous folks can rent sea kayaks or go abalone-diving off the coast.
More adventurous folk go further.
Adventurous gardeners can start their own plants from seed.
More adventurous guests can try their hand at wind surfing.
Adventurous holidays including water rafting, bungee jumping or horse riding pumps their adrenaline.
Adventurous kids can even take a spin on their very own cybercoaster.
Adventurous kids can really cook, but only if someone older is available to act as head chef.
More adventurous ladies can show some skin in a backless top, complete with crisscrossed ties.
More adventurous legs can climb Lone Mountain or Chimney Rock across the canyon for stunning views.
Adventurous palettes can learn to love the tangy plum paste and marinated kelp.
More adventurous people can even take tours in airplanes and helicopters.
Adventurous riders burn brakes most of the way down and end their ride with a picnic at the beach.
Adventurous training develops leadership, teamwork, self-discipline, and a spirit of adventure.
Adventurous travelers can bring schistosomiasis back to the United States.
Adventurous travelers can easily find others.
Adventurous travelers can participate in a wide array of sport and cultural activities.
Adventurous travelers can participate in a wide array of sports activities.
Adventurous trio spars with merciless tyrants.
More adventurous types can reach the summit on foot.
Adventurous visitors can arrange for a float or jetboat ride on the wild and scenic Snake River.
Adventurous visitors can arrange to dive for the snails.
Adventurous visitors can make an excursion in canoes and try to catch a fish.
Adventurous visitors can walk along a narrow ledge behind the main waterfall.
Adventurous visitors seeking the spice of life can sample Malaysia's renowned curries and rendang.
Adventurous visitors soak their feet in snowy hot springs.
More adventurous visitors can admire views from a hot air balloon.
Every adverb clause is introduced by a subordinate conjunction .
Many adverb clauses can take various positions in a sentence.
Adverb is a verb ending with ly such as slowly, carelessly, carefully, etc.
Adverb isa category.
Adverb isa class.
Adverbs act as 'cues'.
Adverbs add interest to sentences and can be used to combine short, choppy sentences.
Adverbs also modify adjectives and other adverbs.
Adverbs answer the how, where, when, and to what extent questions.
Adverbs are also useful in place of linking verbs.
Adverbs are also very important because they can make worn-out adjectives seem new again.
Adverbs are another type of modifier.
Adverbs are fertile ground.
Adverbs are indeclineable and never change form.
Adverbs are invariable and are usually placed before or after the word they modify.
Adverbs are invariable.
Adverbs are modifiers.
Adverbs are often meaningless, particularly the ones listed above.
Adverbs are part of adverbs.
Adverbs are parts of speech.
Adverbs are powerful words.
Adverbs are the scourge of good writing.
Adverbs are typically gradable and can take comparison.
Adverbs are word forms.
Adverbs are words that describe verbs, adjectives, or other adverbs.
Adverbs are words that describe, or modify, verbs, adjectives or other adverbs.
Adverbs are words that modify everything but nouns and pronouns.
Adverbs are words that modify verbs, adjectives, or other adverbs.
Adverbs are words which say more about the verb .
Adverbs become attributes of relationships.
Adverbs can add information even to an active, specific verb.
Adverbs can also answer the questions when, where, and why.
Adverbs can also modify adjectives and other adverbs.
Adverbs can also modify adjectives, adverbs, or verbs.
Adverbs can appear in various places in a verb phrase.
Adverbs can even modify other adverbs .
Adverbs can sometimes change the meaning of the word they modify.
Adverbs describe the nature of the derivation, e.g., noble or common.
Adverbs describe verbs.
Adverbs describe, modify, or limit the meaning of verbs, adjectives, or other adverbs.
Adverbs dilute the focus.
Adverbs end in -e .
Adverbs end in E .
Adverbs end with -e .
Adverbs ending with -mente are mostly adverbs of manner.
Adverbs express relations of place, time, quantity, and manner, among others.
Adverbs follow the verbs they modify.
Adverbs form their comparative and superlative in the same way as adjectives.
Adverbs generally point to the adjectives from which they are derived.
Adverbs give more information about a verb.
Adverbs have many possible positions within a sentence.
Adverbs limit the meaning of verbs, adjectives or other adverbs.
Adverbs limit the meaning of verbs,adjectives , or other adverbs .
Adverbs modify adjectives, adverbs, entire sentences.
Adverbs modify adjectives, verbs and other adverbs, and they function as adverbials.
Adverbs modify verbs or adjectives.
Adverbs modify verbs, adjectives or other adverbs.
Adverbs modify verbs, adjectives, and other adverbs and tell how, when, where, and how much .
Adverbs modify verbs, adjectives, and other adverbs.
Adverbs modify verbs, adjectives, or other adverbs.
Adverbs modify verbs.
Adverbs modify, or describe, other words such as verbs, adjectives, and other adverbs.
Adverbs take the analysis tag ab.
Adverbs tell how, when or where the action takes place.
Adverbs tell when, where, or how the action of the verb happens.
Adverbs tell when, where, or how.
An adverb is a category
Adverbs always modify verbs, adjectives, or adverbs.
Adverbs frequently end in -ly .
Adverbs often describe a verb by telling how, how much, how often, when, or where the verb is done.
Adverbs often end in -ly.
Adverbs usually end in -ly.
Adverbs usually express a relation of place, time, manner, number or degree with the verb.
Many adverbs change spelling when -er is added.
Many adverbs end with -ly.
Most adverbs are easy to recognize because they are adjectives with -ly for a suffix, or ending.
Most adverbs are formed by adding 'ly' to the end of an adjective.
Most adverbs end in -ly, so all in all, they're a fairly predictable gang.
Most adverbs formed from adjectives use more or most to express comparisons.
Most adverbs have a single form which never changes.
Most adverbs have positive, comparative, and superlative forms.
Some adverbs are irregular .
Some adverbs are precise and possess the strength of adjectives.
Some adverbs can modify an adjective or another adverb.
Some adverbs exist as words on their own right.
Some adverbs have an irregular comparison.
Some adverbs have the same form as the adjective.
Adverbial clauses modify a verb or adjective.
Adverbial modifiers can sometimes be premodifiers as well.
Adverbials indicate how, where, when, for how long or to what extent something happened.
An adverbial is an adverb
Adversarial behavior is very common.
Adversarial confrontation is replaced by a cooperative exploration of the subject.
Adversarial debates are old hat.
Adversarial divorce accentuates conflicts that exist between the father and the mother.
Adversarial divorce accounts for a relatively small portion of the actual divorces granted.
Adversarial divorce is at least disproportionately what the therapists see.
Adversarial divorce is what the lawyers see.
Adversarial divorce is what the police and prosecutors see.
Adversarial divorce is what the politicians see.
Adversarial divorce is what the reporters see.
Adversarial divorce pits one spouse against another.
Adversarial people tend to use more than one tactic.
Adversarial processes are competitive.
Adversarial relations are a lose-lose proposition.
Adversarial relations can result in continual escalation of warfare between the parties.
Adversarial relationships are less prevalent in the design process.
Adversary justice is something that happens to few people who go to court.
Adversaries are people.
Adversaries are welcome at shrines of Jewish suffering.
Adversaries believe, however, the drug is addictive and can cause brain damage.
Adversaries can become advocates.
Adversaries get progressively more difficult to defeat as the game progresses.
Adversaries look to disrupt without confronting U.S. military power.
Adversaries try to starve their opponents into submission.
Adversary is fast, exciting, and easy to learn.
An adversary is a person
All adversaries are American to avoid criticism from minority groups.
Any adversary knows that if they attack the United States, they are asking for real trouble.
Some adversaries deserve to be confronted honestly.
Most adverse actions involve reductions, suspensions and demotions to termination of employment.
Adverse conditions can lead to poor treatment and gas production.
Adverse conditions can slow down the appearance of visible signs.
Adverse conditions convert it into an infectious capsulated cyst form.
Adverse conditions do prevail.
Adverse conditions scare some.
Some adverse conditions affect values.
Some adverse consequences result from loss reductions.
Some adverse consequences result from reductions.
Adverse criticism is extremely rare.
Adverse decisions teach valuable lessons.
Any adverse decision is made subject to review by an appeal.
Adverse determination can end careers which seamen have invested many years to qualify and pursue.
Adverse effect are rare, but include hypotension, dry mouth, weakness, and tachycardia.
Adverse effect s to the natural environment.
Adverse effects appear to be almost nil, with only occasional advice re constipation.
Adverse effects are a rarity.
Adverse effects are also an issue.
Adverse effects are common in such large doses.
Adverse effects are different.
Adverse effects are generally manageable and reversible.
Adverse effects are mild and transient.
Adverse effects are more likely to occur in birds or fish that eat other animals.
Adverse effects are more likely to occur in geriatric patients.
Adverse effects are primarily gastrointestinal upset at high doses.
Adverse effects are rare and mild.
Adverse effects are rare at recommended dosage.
Adverse effects are rare compared with pharmaceuticals.
Adverse effects are rare, but include hypotension, dry mouth, weakness, and tachycardia.
Adverse effects are relatively uncommon and include apnea, hypotension, edema, and low grade fever.
Adverse effects are similar to plucking.
Adverse effects are uncommon in horses.
Adverse effects are uncommon.
Adverse effects are undesirable effects.
Adverse effects are usually mild and infrequent.
Adverse effects are usually mild and self-limiting.
Adverse effects are usually mild.
Adverse effects are very rare, but have occurred.
Adverse effects can be sleepiness and dry mouth.
Adverse effects can include weakness, nausea, skin rash, and hypersensitivity to light.
Adverse effects occur in as many as a third of cases.
Adverse effects seem to be worst when both day and night temperatures are high or when both are low.
Adverse effects tend to increase with dosage, however.
Adverse effects vary by drug type.
Many adverse effect continue to be document by scientists, but are invisible to the public.
Most adverse effects are mild and generally tend to diminish with continuation of therapy.
Most adverse effects are mild and tend to diminish with continued therapy.
Some adverse effects are caused by radiation.
Some adverse effects are produced by food staples.
Some adverse effects are produced by staples.
Some adverse effects associate with ingestion.
Some adverse effects associate with smoke.
Some adverse effects associate with tobacco smoke.
Some adverse effects associate with treatments.
Some adverse effects happen only at the beginning or a change of a treatment .
Some adverse effects happen only at the beginning or a change of a treatment.
Some adverse effects occur at concentration.
Some adverse effects occur from eating too much fat, including butter or margarine.
Some adverse effects occur in patients.
Some adverse effects take a while to show up.
Adverse environments can select for stable stress resistant subpopulations.
Adverse events are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality.
Adverse events are generally minor.
Adverse events are rare with well-trained acupuncturists, but they can happen.
Adverse events are uncommon and usually managed by slowing the infusion rate.
Adverse events include development.
Adverse events occur at time.
Adverse events prevent patients from staying on an effective medication.
Adverse events take places.
Adverse events tend to be mild and self-limiting, but serious adverse events can occur.
Most adverse events are manageable with dose reductions or delays.
Most adverse events are minor and temporary.
Most adverse events occur at time.
Most adverse events take places.
Some adverse events are serious and are traumatic for both staff and patients.
Some adverse events occur in departments.
Some adverse events relate to use.
Adverse filings involve bankruptcies, judgements, liens, lawsuits and UCCs.
Adverse health affects range from mild eye irritation to death and birth defects.
Adverse impact results from mine operations.
Adverse impact results from operations.
Some adverse outcomes relate to exposure.
Adverse possession can only occur between private parties.
Adverse possession is a means to acquire ownership of land.
Adverse possession is completely outside of the recording system.
Adverse possession is the issue disputed by the parties.
Adverse possession is the right of an occupant of land to acquire title against the real owner.
Adverse possession presents a mixed question of law and fact.
Adverse publicity can surface throughout the ordeal, adding to the physician's anxiety and stress.
Adverse publicity is also a frequent result.
Adverse reaction can result.
Adverse reactions appear to be mild, with occasional gastrointestinal symptoms.
Adverse reactions are generally mild and transient.
Adverse reactions are infrequent and serious reactions are rare.
Adverse reactions are limited to local erythema or soreness.
Adverse reactions are most likely to occur during the initial induction phase of immunotherapy.
Adverse reactions are normally mild and transient.
Adverse reactions are rare but include edema, oliguria, and stomach irritation.
Adverse reactions are rare following appropriate acetaminophen use.
Adverse reactions are so serious reactions that occur in some people who use a drug.
Adverse reactions are unexpected undesired effects that are replicable in several patients.
Adverse reactions are usually dose-related and diminish when dosage is reduced.
Adverse reactions are usually mild and include redness and swelling at the site of injection.
Adverse reactions are usually mild and infrequent.
Adverse reactions are usually mild.
Adverse reactions are usually reversible upon discontinuation of the drug.
Adverse reactions attributed to malaria chemoprophylaxis are common.
Adverse reactions tend to be transient and mild.
Most adverse reactions are reversible if detected early.
Some adverse reaction includes headaches.
Some adverse reaction includes infection.
Some adverse reaction includes tract infection.
Some adverse reaction includes urinary infection.
Some adverse reaction includes urinary tract infection.
Some adverse reaction is experienced by infants.
Some adverse reaction occurs in patients.
Some adverse reaction relates to functions.
Some adverse reaction relates to renal functions.
Some adverse reaction requires attention.
Some adverse reaction requires medical attention.
Adverse selection is a serious problem in the context of managed care.
Adverse selection is another obstacle in the defined contribution model.
Adverse selection is hard to find on draft day anymore.
Adverse selection is perceived as a major source of market failure in insurance markets.
Adverse selection is the flip side of opportunity costs.
Adverse selection makes it even harder for insurers to generate economies from pooling.
Adverse selection occurs after the loan is made and moral hazard beforehand.
Adverse selection occurs before the loan is made and moral hazard afterwards.
Adverse shocks cause a country's creditworthiness to be downgraded.
Some adverse situations are caused by drought.
Adverse things can and do occur when people know, or think they know, a business is for sale.
Adverse weather adds to harvesting pressure.
Adverse weather can also inflict damage on microwave equipment.
Adverse weather can degrade our ability to detect a missile launch.
Adverse weather can disrupt our schedule and cause delays.
Adverse weather can hamper travel and increase the potential for hypothermia.
Adverse weather can make normally mild varieties hot and usually hot garlics become mild.
Adverse weather can reduce supply of some crops and send prices soaring.
Adverse weather can result in no reproduction.
Adverse weather requires an indoor pool, which can be expensive or difficult to find.
Adverse winds are a part of life.
Adversities abound without limit.
Adversities are inevitable.
Adversities are often blessings in disguise.
Adversities can include a physical injury or illness, a family difficulty, or other obstacle.
Adversities seem to vitalize people who know themselves and what they are here for.
Adversity breeds new strength.
Adversity brings knowledge and knowledge, wisdom.
Adversity brings knowledge, and knowledge brings wisdom.
Adversity brings knowledge, and knowledge wisdom.
Adversity brings out the best in professional sports' participants.
Adversity brings out the best in theater companies as well as people.
Adversity builds character.
Adversity builds strength of character.
Adversity can be anything from unemployment or underemployment to an expensive illness.
Adversity can bring out the best.
Adversity can sometimes help.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
Adversity causes some people to break and others to break records.
Adversity comes and our hearts become heavy.
Adversity comes, and it is neutral - it is neither good nor bad.
Adversity creates opportunity.
Adversity creeps into everyone's life.
Adversity develops more creativity.
Adversity does have it's advantages.
Adversity does that to people.
Adversity generates strength.
Adversity is about trials and sorrow, but it is also about happiness, blessings and perspective.
Adversity is as way to learn, grow and get better whether it be in football for life.
Adversity is good for faith, and adversity is ever present.
Adversity is like the rain of spring.
Adversity is misfortune
Adversity is misfortune.
Adversity is out friend.
Adversity is sometimes just opportunity with workclothes on.
Adversity makes for a tough and resourceful attitude toward life.
Adversity means advance.
Adversity puts iron in our soul.
Adversity reveals our weaknesses and our strengths.
Adversity reveals our willingness to forgive.
Adversity rides a fast horse.
Adversity seems to be apparent.
Adversity seems to have become integral to their lives.
Adversity seems to motivate the Sabres to higher levels as they showed in the past regular season.
Adversity teaches more than success.
Adversity sometimes necessitates change, which can lead to success.
Every adversity brings with it an equal or greater benefit.
Every adversity carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Every adversity carries with it the seed of an equivalent or greater benefit.
Every adversity contains the opportunity for strength.
Every adversity contains the seed of at least an equal blessing.
Every adversity has the seed of an equivalent or greater benefit.
Advert boards are pro-quality functional snowboards.
Advert links are for the sole purpose of linking readers from our site to another.
Advert rates depend on the placement.
Advert isa message.
Adverts also appear in newspapers, magazines and sports programmes.
Adverts are free and reach a large local audience every day.
Adverts are FREE to place and reply to.
Adverts are free.
Adverts are located in magazines.
Adverts are located in mail.
Adverts are searchable, categorized according to geographic location and best of all FREE .
Adverts expire after a month.
Adverts featuring naked models in sexual poses cause occasional red faces.
Adverts invariably slow things down but the actual information is a good mix of images and text.
Adverts tend to use lots of figures and focus on product features instead of benefits.
Adverts use rhyme too.
An advert is publicity
All adverts are date stamped so that viewers are aware of when it was placed.
All adverts are four-colour.
All adverts run for a period of one year, unless cancelled by the customer.
Most adverts are from Southern England.
Advertisable outcomes matter most.
Advertised openings are generally the least effective way to obtain a job interview.
Advertised prices are available on items purchased in-store only.
Advertised prices are regular prices.
Advertised products are property of their respective companies.
Every advertised service has a rating associated with it.
Advertisement banner is removed.
Advertisement placement depends on the ad size.
Advertisement comes in the form of a banner, usually displayed on the top or bottom of a webpage.
Advertisement contains a large case slogan, editorial and handwritten notations around the margins.
Advertisement isa message.
Advertisement opens in new window .
Advertisement opens in new window.
Advertisement plays an important role on product launching promotion.
Advertisements abound in numerous Christian periodicals.
Advertisements actually have a considerable effect on Yemeni readers.
Advertisements aimed at adults play the same role.
Advertisements alone deliver valuable product information and purchasing contacts.
Advertisements also appeal to our cognitive biases.
Advertisements also appear in area newspapers according to the location of each available property.
Advertisements also feature and record the presence of local businesses, merchants, tradesmen, etc.
Advertisements also tell where to obtain additional information.
Advertisements appeal to professional people in the discipline.
Advertisements appear at the top of each search page.
Advertisements appear for one month only.
Advertisements appear in a nest of content that interests the potential candidate.
Advertisements appear in the local press giving details of how and when to apply.
Advertisements appear on every screen.
Advertisements appear on the site on a random basis and on various pages throughout the site.
Advertisements appear once a week for four consecutive weeks prior to the initial date of sale.
Advertisements appear prominently within the pages of the site.
Advertisements are a bit more intrusive than with many other online publications.
Advertisements are a good solid choice for many groups.
Advertisements are a great resource to learn basic math skills.
Advertisements are a no-no.
Advertisements are a wealth of information when studying a market.
Advertisements are also available as standard images .
Advertisements are always a good source for language.
Advertisements are another revenue source.
Advertisements are available for purchase.
Advertisements are available in France, Spain and in overseas regions of France.
Advertisements are available in the regular portion of the program book.
Advertisements are available in the show program.
Advertisements are available with both special emphasis and extra priority options.
Advertisements are available.
Advertisements are common.
Advertisements are due two weeks before start date.
Advertisements are everywhere on the Internet.
Advertisements are everywhere.
Advertisements are expensive.
Advertisements are for covering costs and improving the site.
Advertisements are for one year period.
Advertisements are free to chapter members.
Advertisements are free.
Advertisements are generally invitations to make an offer.
Advertisements are hard to obtain, except during national festivals or holidays.
Advertisements are just as unwelcome.
Advertisements are kid safe.
Advertisements are limited to educational text rather than alcoholic beverages.
Advertisements are local.
Advertisements are located in buses.
Advertisements are located in email.
Advertisements are located in magazines.
Advertisements are located in mail boxs.
Advertisements are located in mail.
Advertisements are located in stores.
Advertisements are located in subways.
Advertisements are located in television.
Advertisements are located in tv.
Advertisements are located in web pages.
Advertisements are misleading.
Advertisements are more effective if they are more visible.
Advertisements are most effective when shown on a popular program like the news or sport.
Advertisements are no more used for controlling the media as was done in the past.
Advertisements are non-commissionable to agents.
Advertisements are out.
Advertisements are payable in advance of publication.
Advertisements are possibly the best examples of image and text being mostly the same thing.
Advertisements are prepared and placed.
Advertisements are present on the upper-level work sheets.
Advertisements are rare.
Advertisements are similar to sponsorships.
Advertisements are strange here, too.
Advertisements are subject to approval of the management.
Advertisements are subject to editing.
Advertisements are subject to publisher's approval.
Advertisements are subject to the following terms.
Advertisements are supposed to stretch the truth, so the argument goes.
Advertisements are the sole responsibility of the advertiser.
Advertisements are to be submitted in camera-ready black and white form with borders.
Advertisements are to contain images only.
Advertisements are used for sells.
Advertisements are usually a bar of flashing text or images at the top or bottom of a page.
Advertisements are usually in Italian as are rental contracts.
Advertisements are valid for two months.
Advertisements are welcome in any issue.
Advertisements are welcome in the newsletter and directory.
Advertisements are welcome.
Advertisements are, by definition and design, vehicles for conveying information.
Advertisements Below is a listing of advertisements for provisional appointment.
Advertisements can appear in black and white only.
Advertisements can be a variety of sizes and are priced according to location and size.
Advertisements can be entertaining.
Advertisements can be general, throughout the site, or can be focused by business area or by town.
Advertisements can be important even to geoscientists and geoscience information providers.
Advertisements can be of any size and still qualify for the discount.
Advertisements can be page, page, or full-page, and prices vary according to size.
Advertisements can be very useful in creating implied or express warrantyclaims.
Advertisements can point to any page on the Internet.
Advertisements can reach potential customers all over the world without any time limit.
Advertisements can share just as much core metadata as any element, page, or collection of pages.
Advertisements cause a desire to eats.
Advertisements champion the value of new dollarized bank accounts.
Advertisements claim that baobab has more vitamin C than oranges and more calcium than milk.
Advertisements come frequently and are often for interesting products and services.
Advertisements compete to be the brightest and largest on the block.
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
Advertisements contain the owners contact details.
Advertisements continually cycle.
Advertisements display an intention and a sales angle that targets specific buyers.
Advertisements do influence an individual's smoking habits.
Advertisements do it all the time.
Advertisements enslave both the media and politicians, and at the same time lull the populace.
Advertisements expire in six months or upon the sale of the boat.
Advertisements feature celebrities and sports figures.
Advertisements feature insurance and related services specific to community-serving programs.
Advertisements fill the press and air like hallucinations.
Advertisements Find a Teacher, try some online advice.
Advertisements guide the shopper to want, crave and demand more goods.
Advertisements have a particular role here.
Advertisements have an amazing power to manipulate both our spending habits and our preferences.
Advertisements have greater exposure than in other business publications.
Advertisements have one line headlines and unique retrieval numbers.
Advertisements have their place at search engines, just as they do at many other media outlets.
Advertisements Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Advertisements include ads.
Advertisements indicate that the facility is the main gathering location for the organization.
Advertisements indicate whether the router is also an Agent.
Advertisements Is ok, if it is concerning the topics of the list.
Advertisements look good and appear to be attracting more and more customers.
Advertisements make a statement in a publication that builds pride in the breed.
Advertisements make current movies look exciting and desirable.
Advertisements make things seem easy.
Advertisements offer mail-order mayhem manuals and books on how to avoid paying taxes.
Advertisements ought to go far towards making such a journal self-supporting from the outset.
Advertisements placed by centres seeking quick profits are very dangerous.
Advertisements placed directly on member pages interfere with the design of member pages.
Advertisements placed in the newspaper by steamship companies add even more.
Advertisements plan to be placed in the local papers.
Advertisements play a vital role in our capitalist society.
Advertisements prey on the gardener's weakness of always wanting to try something new.
Advertisements promote clinics, casting calls, training schools, and performances alike.
Advertisements pull the consumer away from their sense of connection to themselves.
Advertisements push the sales of cow's milk as 'the best source of calcium'.
Advertisements range from full, half and quarter-size pages.
Advertisements range from small, personal greetings to large, company ads.
Advertisements range in price depending on placement.
Advertisements reflect the desires and fears of the times.
Advertisements related to conservation are also common in the local newspapers and on television.
Advertisements remain the responsibility of advertisers.
Advertisements represent another possibility for raising money.
Advertisements require payment in advance.
Advertisements rotate between advertisers.
Advertisements run for one month from the first day of the month to the last.
Advertisements run for two months, and there is no minimum number of insertions.
Advertisements say the patches make skin blemishes disappear overnight.
Advertisements See some of our ads from our newest advertising campaign Here .
Advertisements seep into every empty space.
Advertisements serve to cover the cost of service for non-premier members.
Advertisements show a life in which an acknowledgment of sexuality is the social norm.
Advertisements show people using a product during outdoor activities.
Advertisements show that there is a growing demand for 'learning technology professionals'.
Advertisements show their most famous line of jewelry which is their golden roses motif.
Advertisements still pop up from time to time as well.
Advertisements submitted are the responsibility of the submitter.
Advertisements supply information about services offered, but a personal recommendation is best.
Advertisements surrounded by controversy is nothing new for the animal rights group.
Advertisements take much time.
Advertisements take time.
Advertisements target internal and external audiences.
Advertisements target young girls by promoting self-empowerment and participation in sports.
Advertisements tend to be pathos-driven.
Advertisements urge local people to report harassment and other racist behaviour.
Advertisements use sexuality to sell cars.
Advertisements use stigmatizing images as promotional gimmicks in order to sell products.
Advertisements using such content clearly have a strong market appeal to youthful audiences.
Advertisements View our previous ad campaigns.
Advertisements Wants ads, buy, sell.
Advertisements When hiring a new employee careful planning is necessary.
An advertisement is publicity
Advertisements always changes at the top of the page.
Advertisements often appropriate imagery and diction from other realms of culture.
Advertisements often claim that data show the superiority of the advertiser's product.
Advertisements sometimes are more entertaining than some shows.
Advertisements sometimes intrude.
All advertisement is accepted prepaid only unless prior arrangements have been made.
All advertisement is available on a quarterly basis.
All advertisement is payable at signing of contract.
All advertisements appear in both printed and electronic format.
All advertisements are available in color and black and white.
All advertisements are black and white.
All advertisements are for a six month period.
All advertisements are free, and job applicants can search the database by keyword.
All advertisements are group ads promoting several books on one page.
All advertisements are in four colors.
All advertisements are in full color.
All advertisements are non-commissionable.
All advertisements are on a non-exclusive basis.
All advertisements are one colour only.
All advertisements are subject to acceptance by the publisher.
All advertisements are subject to approval by editorial board.
All advertisements are subject to approval by the publisher.
All advertisements are subject to approval by the Publisher.
All advertisements are subject to approval of the publisher.
All advertisements are subject to approval.
All advertisements are subject to changes without notice.
All Advertisements are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal.
All advertisements are subject to publisher's approval of copy, text, display, and illustrat ion.
All advertisements are subject to publisher's approval.
All advertisements are subject to review and approval.
All advertisements are subject to the approval of the publisher.
All advertisements are subject to the editor's approval.
All advertisements are subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act.
All advertisements are subject to the publisher's approval of copy, text, display, and illustration.
All advertisements are to be provided camera-ready.
All advertisements are to be submitted in camera-ready artwork.
All advertisements can include a company logo with a brief promotional description.
All advertisements face editorial matter.
All advertisements remain online for thirty days.
All advertisements require camera-ready artwork supplied on diskette.
All advertisements require payment in full until credit is established.
All advertisements rotate throughout the web site to ensure maximum exposure and visibility.
All advertisements run and rotate continuously, without any limits on ad views or click throughs.
All advertisements run online for seven days.
All advertisements state who to contact in regard to the property.
Any advertisements are usually for books, journals, or conferences.
Any advertisements go here, including advertisements for other web sites.
Any advertisements related to railway signalling are welcome here.
Every advertisement is different, having different images and bullet points to be studied.
Every advertisement starts with an idea or a concept.
Many advertisements contain print-displayed information such as phone numbers and addresses.
Many advertisements convey few facts about products.
Many advertisements employ more than one technique in attempting to persuade the audience.
Many advertisements featuring families contain elements of social tableau .
Many advertisements have no connection with reality.
Many advertisements play on our yearning for human connection .
Many advertisements require the inclusion of salary history.
More advertisement needs to be directed toward the student population.
Most advertisements run on the section fronts.
Most advertisements show women as the weaker of the two sexes.
Most advertisements take much time.
Most advertisements take time.
Most advertisements use images.
Some advertisements even claim their wonder product does all of the above.
Some advertisements give promises of weight loss without exercise.
Some advertisements have no words at all.
Some advertisements make it almost impossible to obtain that information.
Some advertisements make sweeping statements about curative effects and cure rates.
Some advertisements require payment in advance.
Some advertisements take an insulting and menacing tone to attract readers' attention.
Some advertisements use prominent headlines to attract attention.
Advertiser assumes liability for additional charges.
Advertiser bears sole liability.
Advertiser submits advertisement image and related information via e-mail.
Advertiser takes responsibility for confirming the accuracy of the printout to the provided files.
Advertisers advertise because they want a transaction to take place.
Advertisers agree that it's difficult to pull off a branding strategy on the Web.
Advertisers agree that their services comply with all applicable laws and statutes.
Advertisers agree to hold growinguptoday.
Advertisers agree to place each ad at a specific location on the site for a period of one week.
Advertisers also benefit from the sites.
Advertisers also can select particular content pages, or choose the time of day.
Advertisers also degrade the moral authority of schools and teachers.
Advertisers also get a free listing on our links page for their websites or e-mail addresses.
Advertisers also get special benefits in the on-line versions of the database.
Advertisers also have access to real time campaign stats online.
Advertisers also have access to the database information.
Advertisers also help support the calendar.
Advertisers also help with our income.
Advertisers also love getting their message in front of readers.
Advertisers also receive a FREE company product abstract, including description and booth number.
Advertisers also receive preferred positioning as answer sources when someone asks a question.
Advertisers also seem interested in the magazine's prospects.
Advertisers also welcome.
Advertisers ante up a lot of money, tons of people tune in and there's a big profit.
Advertisers anticipate interactive media as ingenious means to court consumers.
Advertisers appeal to values.
Advertisers appear to be muscling broadcasters as well.
Advertisers are a tough adversary because they control the media.
Advertisers are able to choose exact locations in a market.
Advertisers are able to specify the demographic that their ad efforts are viewed by.
Advertisers are also free to earn more favorable rates and receive a refund at contract expiration.
Advertisers are also responsible for claims that are reasonably implied from their statements.
Advertisers are also welcome to inquire about rates and requirements.
Advertisers are also welcome.
Advertisers are always welcome.
Advertisers are at a minimum and very accessible.
Advertisers are at all times liable for payment of all accounts.
Advertisers are by invitation only and currently represent only associateships of various venders.
Advertisers are clamoring for a new strategy.
Advertisers are clamouring to get on board, too.
Advertisers are clueless.
Advertisers are essential to a magazine.
Advertisers are fickle johns.
Advertisers are financially responsible for ads cancelled after the deadline.
Advertisers are free to select the ZIP codes they desire to target with their message.
Advertisers are hard pressed to distinguish one from another.
Advertisers are in a quandary.
Advertisers are individually liable for their own actions.
Advertisers are interested in only one thing, getting readers to their sites.
Advertisers are jittery, canceling contracts and putting off big campaigns.
Advertisers are manufacturers and distributors of ostomy-related supplies.
Advertisers are member cherry growers.
Advertisers are more than happy to oblige, seeing children as a lucrative market for many products.
Advertisers are most interested in the spendthrift young adult market.
Advertisers are most welcome.
Advertisers are never hidden-in with many other advertisers.
Advertisers are obviously primarily interested in the audience a station can deliver.
Advertisers are only required pay if their sites are actually visited.
Advertisers are only responsible for the first two steps.
Advertisers are particularly eager to put TV-like spots on Web sites.
Advertisers are profit-oriented and so are the publications that carry their ads.
Advertisers are publicists.
Advertisers are really interested in it, of course, because they want to reach female consumers.
Advertisers are responsible for any charges to their account.
Advertisers are responsible for camera ready art.
Advertisers are responsible for checking the first insertion of an advertisement.
Advertisers are responsible for checking their advertisements for errors.
Advertisers are responsible for compliance with federal, state and local employment guidelines.
Advertisers are responsible for creating their own banner ad.
Advertisers are responsible for creation of ads.
Advertisers are responsible for pre-payment as well as renewals of advertising space.
Advertisers are responsible for responding to and correcting any complaints from readers.
Advertisers are responsible for setting all trapping values in their files.
Advertisers are responsible for supplying their own ads.
Advertisers are responsible for the accuracy and content of their ads.
Advertisers are responsible for the appearance, quality and effectiveness of their advertising.
Advertisers are responsible for the content of their materials.
Advertisers are responsible for their advertising content under the Trade Practices Act.
Advertisers are responsible for their contents and claims.
Advertisers are sensitive to rates.
Advertisers are SLOW to NO, on paying their advertising bills.
Advertisers are solely responsible for accuracy of ad content.
Advertisers are solely responsible for ad contents.
Advertisers are solely responsible for any damages incurred with the use of their products.
Advertisers are solely responsible for content.
Advertisers are solely responsible for keeping their information current.
Advertisers are solely responsible for providing link graphics, text and urls.
Advertisers are solely responsible for responding within the established deadlines for compliance.
Advertisers are solely responsible for supplying appropriate graphics and linking information.
Advertisers are solely responsible for the information contained in their ads.
Advertisers are solely responsible for the information contained in their advertisements.
Advertisers are solely responsible for the veracity of their ads.
Advertisers are subject to content rules, and banner ads are carefully selected.
Advertisers are subject to short rate if contract is cancelled early.
Advertisers are the most important customers of newspapers and television stations.
Advertisers are the real, paying audience of television.
Advertisers are the reason people get mugged for their shoes.
Advertisers are trying to get more consumers, the readers are consumers.
Advertisers are typically national brands.
Advertisers are very good at bringing out our impulsive nature.
Advertisers are very interested in knowing that.
Advertisers are very specific about the money they spend.
Advertisers are welcome at very favorable rates.
Advertisers are welcome here.
Advertisers are welcome to book a listing through the sales contacts provided.
Advertisers are welcome to make amendments to their entries at any time.
Advertisers are welcome, subject to approval of the content of their advertisements.
Advertisers are welcome.
Advertisers are well aware of people's tendency to be influenced by what others do.
Advertisers are well aware of the insecurities that most women feel about their own bodies.
Advertisers are willing to pay a lot for targeted consumer.
Advertisers are willing to pay a premium, in other words, for prime placement in The Real World .
Advertisers are willing to pay big bucks for such buyer access.
Advertisers are willing to pay big money to get people's attention.
Advertisers are willing to pay to reach targeted audiences.
Advertisers are willing to post ads based on the traffic and number of viewers attracted to a site.
Advertisers are willing to spend on the medium.
Advertisers are, of course, listed in the newsletter.
Advertisers aren t in a rush to make commitments.
Advertisers assume all liability for the contents of their advertisements.
Advertisers assume all responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of their submissions.
Advertisers assume full liability for all ad content.
Advertisers assume liability for all content.
Advertisers assume liability for any and all claims arising from the content of their ads.
Advertisers attempt to blur the distinction between women's bodies and the product.
Advertisers attract buyers.
Advertisers automatically get both sides, though they can run different messages on each side.
Advertisers balk at the branding value of today's Internet ad banners.
Advertisers become more and more aggressive, forcing users to look at the ads.
Advertisers become the newsmakers.
Advertisers begin their big holiday push months before the holidays arrive.
Advertisers believe that their spending patterns are already fixed.
Advertisers believe the celebs influence buying habits.
Advertisers benefit because they get their names associated with worthwhile causes.
Advertisers benefit from a highly complex and target campaign in a multi-program environment.
Advertisers benefit from bonus circulation.
Advertisers benefit from greater visual impact and impression.
Advertisers bid high on a keyword to motivate webmasters to promote it.
Advertisers buy additional copy in media targeted to black audiences.
Advertisers buy audiences which requires the publisher to know their audience.
Advertisers buy campaigns across the network sites.
Advertisers buy into the keyword program to reach users seeking content related to their offerings.
Advertisers buy permanent advertisement space.
Advertisers buying video signs often modify creative developed for their web pages and internet ads.
Advertisers can advertise their listing number.
Advertisers can also access monitoring reports any time.
Advertisers can also be sponsors.
Advertisers can also buy space on specific sites to reach a very narrowly defined audience.
Advertisers can also choose which categories of site they wish to advertise on.
Advertisers can also feature brand identity, products, services and links to special offers etc.
Advertisers can also imbed video, use streaming media, and include dynamic data.
Advertisers can also inexpensively experiment with words and images.
Advertisers can also make payments at the store.
Advertisers can also pay to be listed higher within the service.
Advertisers can also purchase premium slots on our radio player for a flat fee.
Advertisers can also run multiple banners - either simultaneously, or in sequence.
Advertisers can also sponsor other content areas.
Advertisers can also target by asking specific questions in lieu of placing a banner.
Advertisers can also use Payloads for new sponsorship opportunities.
Advertisers can be as picky as they want.
Advertisers can be sure that they can target their marketing message to their desired audience.
Advertisers can bid to be listed at the top of search results.
Advertisers can buy targeted campaigns on our network sites.
Advertisers can change their information any time by contacting Mason City Downtown.
Advertisers can check their own ads individually, in real-time.
Advertisers can check their own banner performance.
Advertisers can choose full run or the demographic and regional editions listed below.
Advertisers can choose the number of impressions to be delivered within a given period of time.
Advertisers can choose to have their banners placed individually or within rotation.
Advertisers can choose to place their ad or banner on a page relevant to their product.
Advertisers can choose to position themselves with as many keywords and phrases as they wish.
Advertisers can count on their ads being delivered right to the doorstep of most daily readers.
Advertisers can cover the entire Las Vegas valley or target specific zip codes.
Advertisers can cut through the clutter and reach attentive individuals like never before.
Advertisers can delete their own ads.
Advertisers can disperse the information they receive as they please.
Advertisers can display their goods and services on our bazaar for enhanced reach and efficiency.
Advertisers can easily target visitors with the proper profile.
Advertisers can effectively reach their target costumer.
Advertisers can enjoy the convenience of one sales presentation and one payment.
Advertisers can enter information on, for example, brand names, opening hours and directions.
Advertisers can feature their ad on a user's home page targeted to a specific audience.
Advertisers can fine-tune and target their site description based on their search terms.
Advertisers can get a free advertisement by contributing a technical article.
Advertisers can get exposure at an extra value.
Advertisers can get their ads in front of highly targeted markets.
Advertisers can go after people of a certain race.
Advertisers can have the option of appearing free in the emailouts to subscribers.
Advertisers can have their company name mentioned in bold letters in the company list.
Advertisers can influence our desires for material products and ethical ideals.
Advertisers can log in to view and adjust their campaigns.
Advertisers can login and check their own stats.
Advertisers can login to check ad activity at any time.
Advertisers can make copy and even schedule changes with less lead time than any other medium.
Advertisers can mix screens from many different theatres or focus on specific locations.
Advertisers can monitor banner displays and click-throughs through our online tracking system.
Advertisers can now communicate more effectively and target consumers better than ever.
Advertisers can now have one off signs produced to full photographic reproduction quality.
Advertisers can now have one-off signs produced with full photographic reproduction quality.
Advertisers can now include one photograph with their free advertisement.
Advertisers can now place display ads online in a text-searchable, Web format.
Advertisers can obtain information regarding how their ads perform across all networks.
Advertisers can optionally supply more than one banner.
Advertisers can pair their products with a particular demographic segment.
Advertisers can participate through our banner ads and desktop marketing programs as outlined below.
Advertisers can pay for surveys but the data is already three months old when they get the results.
Advertisers can pick general positions or special positions within product categories.
Advertisers can place listings up to the day before the new weekly recording is taped.
Advertisers can place premium ads, banner ads, and text ads.
Advertisers can place their message with targeted content on hundreds of sites at one time.
Advertisers can post permanent pages anywhere they like for a fee.
Advertisers can precisely control the placement of banners to target a specific audience.
Advertisers can publish directory entries, advertise goods and services and publish press releases.
Advertisers can purchase a link for half price.
Advertisers can purchase a position in the top five on a weekly basis.
Advertisers can purchase any number of ads for placement on the site.
Advertisers can purchase digital airtime locally or for the whole region.
Advertisers can purchase two or all three positions across the top of a page at a discounted rate.
Advertisers can put products virtually in their customer's lap.
Advertisers can reach a highly desirable audience.
Advertisers can reach all our markets or just a single one with equal ease and efficiency.
Advertisers can reach more people and ads can point to larger ads or company web sites.
Advertisers can reach their customers and measure ad-campaign effectiveness on a daily basis.
Advertisers can remove their ads at any time.
Advertisers can see how their own listings are performing.
Advertisers can send announcements by category, demographics, or geographical region.
Advertisers can send in a revised ad the same day it goes to print, and it still makes the book.
Advertisers can sponsor a newsletter with a ten line text banner at the top of the newsletter.
Advertisers can supply own scripts, or finished ads.
Advertisers can tailor their site headline and description for each search term.
Advertisers can take advantage of our billing system, which is zoned by zip codes.
Advertisers can target audiences in a number of ways designed to meet their specific needs.
Advertisers can target by age, gender, partnership status, education level and by interests.
Advertisers can target demographically, geographically or by gender profile.
Advertisers can target online consumers as they access vital local government information.
Advertisers can target qualified users based on their target audience parameters.
Advertisers can target the whole group or selective areas that suit their particular needs.
Advertisers can target their ads down to individual regions and communities if desired.
Advertisers can target their messages by industry, company, and location.
Advertisers can target using a number of different criteria.
Advertisers can then search the database to determine which sites best match their target audiences.
Advertisers can then use the data to microtarget students.
Advertisers can track the success of campaigns based on a variety of metrics.
Advertisers can update their listings on-line at any time as well as add new product announcements.
Advertisers can upload a photo of the item they are selling.
Advertisers can use our network to drive quality traffic to their web sites.
Advertisers can use the information to target ads to presumably receptive viewers.
Advertisers can use the technology to give readers additional information on products and services.
Advertisers can view detailed statistics of their advertising campaign in real-time.
Advertisers can view online stats reports through Web browsers.
Advertisers choose the price they pay per impression or click-thru.
Advertisers choose TV as their medium of choice for a host of compelling communication reasons.
Advertisers claim superiority for their products based on the association with a champion surfer.
Advertisers click here for banner advertising details.
Advertisers click here for more information.
Advertisers click here.
Advertisers Click on individual logos to go to sites .
Advertisers come and go every issue.
Advertisers come directly to the association to place ads in the network.
Advertisers compensate with abbreviations and short copy.
Advertisers concede on Internet, with strict definitions.
Advertisers conceivably can collect information to send targeted e-mail pitches.
Advertisers continue to emphasize the exoticism of the East, too.
Advertisers continue to prefer traditional media such as television.
Advertisers continue to spam the net.
Advertisers control the text in the banner and can target it by demographic or issue group.
Advertisers control the text in the text file.
Advertisers count on our lack of self acceptance to sell appealing packages of self improvement.
Advertisers count on The Arizona Republic to reach intelligent, informed consumers.
Advertisers cover all of the costs.
Advertisers covet the young male audience.
Advertisers create images that dictate cultural trends indicative of the time.
Advertisers demand to know how many times their banner ads are delivered, and from what pages.
Advertisers determine how much they want to bid for each search term that is relevant to their site.
Advertisers directly influence the media in two ways.
Advertisers do know how many people are clicking on their ads.
Advertisers do respond to public feedback.
Advertisers dream aloud of producing laser commercials in the sky.
Advertisers drive home their message to their customers and drivers get a new vehicle.
Advertisers easily create, update and renew their own ads.
Advertisers enjoy getting the most bang out of their buck by focusing on heavily populated areas.
Advertisers enjoy the benefits of reaching an affluent, informed consumer.
Advertisers enjoy total exposure across our network of web sites .
Advertisers enjoy total exposure on our network of sites.
Advertisers especially seem to draw upon assumptions about male and female roles.
Advertisers establish a contract with their viewers.
Advertisers even pay lower than normal prices.
Advertisers even probe into our media outlets from magazines to newspapers to mail.
Advertisers experience even more success when they add the Web-link option.
Advertisers falsify by every subtlety of misrepresentation.
Advertisers favor using boys, even in commercials where gender neutral products are featured.
Advertisers fill the air with demeaning techniques to boost sales.
Advertisers finally get it and are starting to put real money into Internet advertising.
Advertisers find that promoting their products under foot is paying dividends in supermarkets.
Advertisers find use of effects can increase excitement, impact and response of their commercials.
Advertisers follow numbers.
Advertisers follow the eyeballs.
Advertisers foot the bill to give the public cheap entertainment.
Advertisers fund the paper.
Advertisers gain kudos as a result.
Advertisers gain the flexibility to deliver their message to as many or as few prospects as desired.
Advertisers garner less concern from the news media.
Advertisers generally covet younger viewers.
Advertisers generally use two approaches to sell their products.
Advertisers get a free product release consisting of text, photo and reader service number.
Advertisers get a free, password protected stats page showing accumulated impressions, and clicks.
Advertisers get a story of their business with purchase of an ad.
Advertisers get additional publicity through press releases, invitations and online promotions.
Advertisers get cost-effective results with specific market focus.
Advertisers get extra support for their broadcast campaign.
Advertisers get less than quality performers.
Advertisers get more bang for their buck by using sales promotion.
Advertisers get more bang for their buck by using sales promotions.
Advertisers get more referrals than non-advertisers on any given page.
Advertisers get proof their messages got through, and pay only for responses.
Advertisers get quality traffic to their websites on a pay per click basis.
Advertisers get quality, targeted traffic to their websites. .
Advertisers get targeted advertising on a pay per click basis.
Advertisers get the attention of their target audience, but risk alienating it.
Advertisers get the individual's name and profile, along with aggregated demographic information.
Advertisers get the links at no extra charge.
Advertisers get their own account to control and monitor their banner's displays and clickthru's.
Advertisers get valuable information, because the viewbar s software follows a user around the web.
Advertisers get very clean access to a clearly defined group of users.
Advertisers get what they want, and keep coming back.
Advertisers give people what they want.
Advertisers glamorize it.
Advertisers go to where big groups of people are.
Advertisers grow and harvest trees and fibers specifically for paper production.
Advertisers harness the power of that technique in commercial jingles.
Advertisers have a choice of running a display ad, a coupon or both.
Advertisers have a job to do.
Advertisers have a new tool to measure the effectiveness of their ads and program.
Advertisers have a voice.
Advertisers have a web address to check their banner statistics whenever desired.
Advertisers have access to an administration page where daily statistics can be monitored.
Advertisers have access to profiled Qualified Targeted Consumers.
Advertisers have approval over the ad design prior to publication.
Advertisers have certain demographic preferences.
Advertisers have creative liberty in the design of their tiles within the bounds of the product.
Advertisers have exclusive rights to the material for the markets in which it runs.
Advertisers have exclusive run of the site during their schedule.
Advertisers have more creative and efficient opportunities to build their brand then ever before.
Advertisers have no control over editorial content.
Advertisers have no control over the running or the content of the site.
Advertisers have one year to reach maximum discounts.
Advertisers have open access to the statistics and can guage how a campaign is progressing.
Advertisers have the ability to further target based on a multitude of profiles.
Advertisers have the ability to have a static banner if wanted.
Advertisers have the choice of separate editions or the full run.
Advertisers have the opportunity to purchase an upgrade in the search rankings.
Advertisers have the opportunity to reach the largest Jewish populous in the country.
Advertisers have the option of carrying city-specific advertisements as well.
Advertisers have the option to change graphics one time per month at no charge.
Advertisers have the right to buy advertising space.
Advertisers have to be able to exaggerate.
Advertisers have to do their homework to catch kids, or anyone.
Advertisers have to learn to live in a more persuasive land rather than with bombardment.
Advertisers have unlimited access to banner statistics.
Advertisers have yet another targeted promotional opportunity.
Advertisers haven t a clue.
Advertisers help defray the cost of the newsletter.
Advertisers help to keep the service free by purchasing the remaining credits.
Advertisers here agree to keep accurate breeding records, registration papers and pedigrees.
Advertisers here agree to maintain the highest standards of canine health, cleanliness and care.
Advertisers here pay only if they book a show.
Advertisers hiring models feel the same way.
Advertisers hold viewer attention longer by offering multiple levels and types of information.
Advertisers indicate prices and auto model years in a variety of ways.
Advertisers influence our identity by making adverts.
Advertisers influence over content.
Advertisers influence the content of publications and broadcasts.
Advertisers is responsible for setting up color files to separate correctly.
Advertisers judge the quality of the advertising from the click-though rate.
Advertisers just follow the people.
Advertisers know better.
Advertisers know how compelling images are, especially to children, and pornographers do, too.
Advertisers know it, too.
Advertisers know that many teens think about sex more than they think about anything else.
Advertisers know that race matters.
Advertisers know that targeting their product to a specific audience is good business.
Advertisers know that viewers are especially plugged in to their emotions during the Olympics.
Advertisers know that women are their primary customers.
Advertisers know that.
Advertisers know the value of systematically pointing out problems and recommending solutions.
Advertisers know very well that TV is able to mold opinion and behavior.
Advertisers know what they're getting.
Advertisers know what they're looking at.
Advertisers leverage our flimsy dreams into cold, hard cash.
Advertisers like to know they can click on a site and see their stuff.
Advertisers like to see impressions delivered right on schedule.
Advertisers living in other states waive any similar provisions in their state or national laws.
Advertisers look for targeted newsletters that match their audience demographics.
Advertisers love information.
Advertisers love it for direct mail pieces and magazine inserts.
Advertisers love it, but privacy advocates fear it.
Advertisers love that environment.
Advertisers love that sort of profile.
Advertisers love the clean, bright, vibrant colors.
Advertisers love the readers.
Advertisers love the way it attracts the elusive young male audience.
Advertisers love to wax patriotic about our freedom to choose.
Advertisers maintain proven results for many years through Sculpture .
Advertisers make many claims about mosquito control products.
Advertisers make money.
Advertisers Make some money.
Advertisers move rapidly to exploit the commercial possibilities of radio, television and cable.
Advertisers never have access to individual account information.
Advertisers now have the opportunity to add multimedia content to their classified ads.
Advertisers now have the option transmitting a variety of messages from one location.
Advertisers obtain the best value and greatest coverage for their investment.
Advertisers only advertise regularly when their products sell regularly.
Advertisers only have to pay for the eyeballs they want.
Advertisers only pay for the actual number of visitors their banners pull.
Advertisers only pay for the ad impressions actually delivered.
Advertisers only pay for traffic delivered to their site.
Advertisers only pay when an action has been completed on the advertisers site.
Advertisers only pay when Espotting sends a potential customer to their site.
Advertisers only place ads in popular media within their selected markets.
Advertisers operate their own websites, equal to publishers.
Advertisers own the space.
Advertisers pay a fraction of the cost of direct mail, and send to a willing, targeted audience.
Advertisers pay a lot of money for companies to display their ad banner on their site.
Advertisers pay a low start up fee and are then charged per connected call or sales lead generated.
Advertisers pay a premium for the show's small but affluent audience.
Advertisers pay a start-up fee plus a per connect or sales lead fee.
Advertisers pay attention to one thing sales.
Advertisers pay by credit card for the first time.
Advertisers pay fees according to a rate card and can choose targeting options .
Advertisers pay for each click through to their site.
Advertisers pay for much of the free stuff available.
Advertisers pay for space, whether it's crammed with text, airy, or dramatized with graphics.
Advertisers pay for that result click.
Advertisers pay for the free phone service incentive.
Advertisers pay higher CPMs for ads that deliver good response rates.
Advertisers pay in advance for advertising traffic, and are given an email address to submit the ad.
Advertisers pay less money for advertising, while the consumer earns extra money.
Advertisers pay members for the initial viewing of an advertisement.
Advertisers pay more to advertise on an e-newsletter with a defined audience base.
Advertisers pay on a sliding scale based on volume.
Advertisers pay on the basis of how many people see their ad.
Advertisers pay only for results and users receive only the most pertinent sites to their search.
Advertisers pay only when they acquire new opt-in users that they can market to directly.
Advertisers pay per response.
Advertisers pay premium prices to reach that audience with their messages.
Advertisers pay premium rates for spots on the morning drive shows.
Advertisers pay shipping and all customs charges.
Advertisers pay shipping and customs charges.
Advertisers pay the broadcaster to deliver an audience.
Advertisers pay the companies for their ads to be displayed to users.
Advertisers pay the fees.
Advertisers pay the TV station only for orders or inquiries that the advertisement generates.
Advertisers pay the whole bill.
Advertisers pay to place their banners on specific Web pages within a property.
Advertisers pay to send email to targeted list.
Advertisers pay up to eleven thousand dollars for one just one ad.
Advertisers paying for a spot on the keyboard cover the cost.
Advertisers pick and choose where they want their advertisements delivered.
Advertisers pick the category for target audience.
Advertisers place banner adverts on Web sites in order to achieve specific goals.
Advertisers play on our desire for control and power.
Advertisers prefer shows that bring in the younguns.
Advertisers prey on people who have money and want to spend in frivolously.
Advertisers prey on the negative self-image that female consumers have developed over the years.
Advertisers prize any insight they can get into the nature and habits of their target audiences.
Advertisers promise consumers the world.
Advertisers provide information about which class they've used their book for.
Advertisers provide technical support packages upon request.
Advertisers provide their own materials.
Advertisers purchase space and circulation only.
Advertisers qualify for non-profit rates if their services are provided free of charge.
Advertisers range from small local businesses to large local and national corporate advertisers.
Advertisers reach new customers.
Advertisers realize, however, that today's youth have grown up with television.
Advertisers receive a complimentary copy of the newsletter.
Advertisers receive a free checking copy on publication.
Advertisers receive a free online banner to link online readers to their company's homepage.
Advertisers receive a global overview about the demographics.
Advertisers receive a printed label and file copy of each response within weeks of publishing.
Advertisers receive a printed label and file copy of each response.
Advertisers receive an online ad when they purchase a print ad.
Advertisers receive discounts based on their contract.
Advertisers receive discounts based on their contracts.
Advertisers receive discounts based on their frequency.
Advertisers receive discounts on the cost of reprints.
Advertisers receive monthly reports of impressions and clickthroughs.
Advertisers receive one checking copy of the issue in which their ad appears.
Advertisers receive one complimentary copy.
Advertisers receive one ten-second commercial every eight minutes.
Advertisers receive priority exposure in the system.
Advertisers receive ranking reports and the nurses' comments.
Advertisers receive reports detailing applicant inventory by name and date of response.
Advertisers receive special priority for inclusion in our product review section.
Advertisers recieve weekly email with impressions and click-throughs.
Advertisers recognize that different products and different audiences call for different rhetorics.
Advertisers recognize that.
Advertisers refuse to provide accurate monitoring records of commercial usage.
Advertisers remain slow to spend money on the Internet.
Advertisers report that their advertisements bring in more customers to their place of business.
Advertisers require user information to target their messages to reach the right audience.
Advertisers resolve to stop buying time on shock jock radio shows that degrade women.
Advertisers routinely tie sex to success and acceptance.
Advertisers running a half-page or larger ad receive a free custom study.
Advertisers say drinking pop is cool.
Advertisers say it's nothing more than a way to target deals to the most interested customers.
Advertisers say people follow up on the ads.
Advertisers say that sex sells.
Advertisers see an increase in joins, impressions and revenue.
Advertisers seek the quintessential ad voice to convey that dot-com feeling.
Advertisers seek to utilize positive language attitudes to affect behavior.
Advertisers select banner locations.
Advertisers select page and position where they wish their ad placed.
Advertisers select search terms used by surfers to search for their products or services.
Advertisers sell dangerous and addictive lifestyles in addition to their products.
Advertisers sell dreams, ideal images and ways of life and values.
Advertisers sell products to viewers.
Advertisers selling cars or appliances can neither lie nor mislead.
Advertisers specifically choose what areas or zones receive their ad.
Advertisers spend a lot of time and money trying to communicate the right message.
Advertisers spend and make billions of dollars by exposure to millions of television viewers.
Advertisers spend billions more to build brand recognition and loyalty.
Advertisers spend hundreds of thousands of dollars developing messages they want sent to consumers.
Advertisers spend millions of dollars for such slogans, an indicator of their importance.
Advertisers spend millions of dollars to advertise their miracle weight loss products and services.
Advertisers spend millions of dollars trying to influence product purchases.
Advertisers spend millions of dollars, choosing the right words to describe their product.
Advertisers spend money carefully to achieve maximum benefits.
Advertisers sponsor only ten minutes per call.
Advertisers sponsor questions related to the market they're interested in.
Advertisers sponsor the e-mail messages.
Advertisers stand to make huge gains also.
Advertisers still face many obstacles to using rich-media campaigns.
Advertisers strive to convince people that they are needy.
Advertisers study what motivates people.
Advertisers suffer constraints because of the amount of space they can afford to buy.
Advertisers supply banner ads which are sent through our network of high-quality sites.
Advertisers supply the alternate banner.
Advertisers support the paper.
Advertisers take a lot of time in choosing the words for an ad.
Advertisers take advantage of associating themselves with the quality of the content on the site.
Advertisers Take los ninos out to see the Padres.
Advertisers target mainly on content.
Advertisers target their deepest desires - and fears.
Advertisers tend to pay on a per-hit basis to their site.
Advertisers There are third party ads displayed on our site.
Advertisers therefore have the services of a competent man in preparing sessions for the air.
Advertisers think about human psychology a lot, and it shows.
Advertisers think it's a little bit of Americana.
Advertisers think nothing of stirring up our children's antisocial urges.
Advertisers think repetition does it.
Advertisers think the publications are too specialized.
Advertisers tinker with our hearts.
Advertisers too express similar reservations.
Advertisers tout it, Prestigeous schools boast of it, politicians promise it.
Advertisers typically succeed by marketing to the mainstream.
Advertisers understand it and use it all the time.
Advertisers understand the power of sex, while other people underestimate it.
Advertisers understand their performance in order to modify their program for greater effectiveness.
Advertisers understand they sign a space agreement only.
Advertisers use a number of different techniques to stimulate demand for their products.
Advertisers use a variety of strategies to influence people's decisions about their product.
Advertisers use all kinds of language-based techniques to entice people to buy goods or services.
Advertisers use beautiful men and women to show their products to the world.
Advertisers use comparision to sell their products by comparing one brand or model with another.
Advertisers use copy and artwork to create the message.
Advertisers use different cues, such as gender, ethnicity, or age to target an audience.
Advertisers use different ploys to reach audiences and to sell their products.
Advertisers use images of women and men in suggestive poses to sell their products.
Advertisers use it every day.
Advertisers use lust to promote products from beer to cars to exercise equipment to luxury cruises.
Advertisers use our site to promote sporting apparel and upcoming sporting events.
Advertisers use ratings to target a specific audience.
Advertisers use sex to sell.
Advertisers use stimulus substitution when using sexy models to show cars.
Advertisers use strategies that influence consumers to buy their products and services.
Advertisers use techniques to grab people's attention.
Advertisers use the information learned from the cookie to target ads to the appropriate audience.
Advertisers use the service free of charge.
Advertisers view every show that they go into.
Advertisers vote with their dollars.
Advertisers Welcome to newest powerfull banner advertising network.
Advertisers weren t enthusiastic.
Advertisers win through the effective targeting opportunities that are presented on the site.
Advertisers work directly with A-wedding Day.
Advertisers work that psychic territory when selling cars on television.
Advertisers work with the values of the population they target.
An advertiser is a publicist
Advertisers always find a way.
Advertisers always try to present their product in the best manner.
Advertisers always use red to grab attention.
Advertisers often ask what they got for their money.
Advertisers often favor such pricing strategies because they pay only for measurable results.
Advertisers often link their products with positive emotions like happiness.
Advertisers often pay a nominal per-link fee, but reciprocal linking arrangements are also common.
Advertisers often pay to embed their microsites within other Web sites.
Advertisers often pay to sponsor free chat club memberships on A Girl's World.
Advertisers often use endorsements and testimonials to help sell their products.
Advertisers often use megahertz numbers as a means of showing a processor's speed.
Advertisers often use music, children and pets in their advertisements to appeal to the public.
Advertisers often use subliminal techniques to boost customer response.
Advertisers often work at eroding our moral character, also.
Advertisers sometimes take advantage of our fear.
Advertisers sometimes use very attractive, seductive, and sexually appealing models.
All advertisers accept the above conditions in placing an insertion order.
All advertisers agree to never ask for money at anytime.
All advertisers are reputable firms.
All advertisers are responsible for obtaining proper copyrights permissions.
All advertisers are selected on a first come, first serve basis .
All advertisers are subject to approval.
All advertisers assume the responsibility for the artwork, text or advertisements they supply.
All advertisers can fire their agencies and bring in flesh blood.
All Advertisers can request a report outlining the total amount of hits from their advertisements.
All advertisers get an ad in every newsletter for the year.
All advertisers get both a voice mailbox and free e-mail services.
All advertisers operate soley and have no association to the Voyeur.
All advertisers receive a complete copy of the issue as proof of advertising.
All advertisers receive a complimentary listing under the appropriate heading on the site.
All advertisers receive a free link to their company web site.
All advertisers receive a sample copy of the magazine in which their advertisement appears.
All advertisers receive automated reports documenting the performance of their ads.
All advertisers receive exposure to our visitors on all pages and are rotated for fair exposure.
All advertisers receive free online listings.
Every advertiser also gets a listing on the main menu online.
Every advertiser is entitled to at most one trial campaign per page.
Every advertiser is located on our up coming sponsor's page as well.
Every advertiser receives two full pages.
Every advertiser tries to find a way of breaking through the clutter of rivals.
Every advertiser wants to be certain advertising dollars are working well.
Many advertisers are in and out too quickly with their media strategy.
Many advertisers design their ads electronically.
Many advertisers have an ideal audience in mind.
Many advertisers judge the efficacy of an advertising program by cost per click-thru.
Many advertisers now list their Web address as part of their advertisements.
Many advertisers now use that same trick to make their computers appear cheaper than they are.
Many advertisers prefer newspapers to other media for several reasons.
Many advertisers promise a feeling of an increased overall well being.
Many advertisers see the banner's sole function as enticing the Web surfer to click on it.
Many advertisers take our discount.
Many advertisers use buff men to try to sell their products.
Many advertisers use people of the same age group and status as the product is aimed at.
More advertisers are involved, more profit padding is in place, etc.
Most advertisers are interested in final results.
Most advertisers are likely to come from the local area.
Most advertisers are low-middle classes.
Most advertisers are record labels and individual artists.
Most advertisers are Universities.
Most advertisers buy the book, and often the Hispanic community is underrepresented.
Most advertisers choose to have their banner run throughout our whole site.
Most advertisers come from the New York area.
Most advertisers pay a small fee for each visitor to the site that carries their advertising.
Most advertisers prefer middle class city dwellers to rural blue collar subscribers.
Most advertisers seem to be getting the message that encouraging kindness makes good business sense.
Most advertisers think in terms of months anyhow.
Some advertisers admit that they want to control children's minds.
Some advertisers also get addresses from Web access logs.
Some advertisers appear in as many as five locations.
Some advertisers are even willing to pay people to receive their promotional ditties.
Some advertisers are happy, too.
Some advertisers are willing to pay only for clickthroughs rather than for ad impressions.
Some advertisers ask for editorial calendars upfront to coordinate their ad campaigns.
Some advertisers ask for the money upfront.
Some advertisers ask people to reply to a box number.
Some advertisers believe that TV commercial production costs prohibit their use of the medium.
Some advertisers choose to use both sides for advertising purposes.
Some advertisers contract with a third-party service to host their ads.
Some advertisers even provide discount coupons.
Some advertisers explicitly admit that they want to control children's minds.
Some advertisers have their own web sites.
Some advertisers offer both.
Some advertisers pay commissions and others pay a flat rate, per poster.
Some advertisers pay for their sites to be listed on certain search services.
Some advertisers play-grade everything and say so.
Some advertisers prefer to pay per clickthrough.
Some advertisers purchase their own space on the Internet to advertise their services or products.
Some advertisers require a link to a demographic survey.
Some advertisers stay with a site solely based on the number of clicks and purchases made there.
Some advertisers supply the prizes that are given away each night before the movie begins.
Some advertisers use cookies in order to gather statistics about the banner views.
Some advertisers use the same creative for both types of signage.
Advertising Age Find out how the big dogs run nationally.
Advertising age is also a good source for internet marketing news.
Advertising agencies are a much better source of work.
Advertising agencies are agencies.
Advertising agencies are expert in promoting products.
Advertising agencies are responsible for payment for all advertising ordered for their clients.
Advertising agencies are responsible for payment of all advertising placed by the agency.
Advertising agencies are responsible for payment of all advertising space ordered.
Advertising agencies are service companies.
Advertising agencies are vendors.
Advertising agencies become privy to tremendous financial and political secrets of their clients.
Advertising agencies can be very conservative institutions.
Advertising agencies can create comps of billboards, ads on buses, etc. in perspective.
Advertising agencies exist to rent our attention to people with goods or services to sell.
Advertising agencies have also use the work in a number of world TV commercials.
Advertising agencies have experience with other similar companies' products and services.
Advertising agencies have to make the argument to their clients that black media can be competitive.
Advertising agencies hire scores of graphic designers.
Advertising agencies invent new words all the time.
Advertising agencies know the number of people who read, listen to, and watch local outlets.
Advertising agencies live by that book.
Advertising agencies mount small telescopic cameras to detect pupil diameter changes.
Advertising agencies perform a service in formulating ideas and programs for advertising purposes.
Advertising agencies require the talents of many professionals.
Advertising agencies respect the dynamic relationship between images and words.
Advertising agencies seek copywriters, graphic artists, media buyers, and account executives.
Advertising agencies sprout like wildflowers.
Advertising agencies use psychographic profiles to target particular types of consumers.
Advertising agencies vary greatly in size and scope.
An advertising agency is an agency
Many advertising agencies are capable of creating wonderful graphics.
Most advertising agencies put profit ahead of people.
Advertising agents beware.
Advertising agents keep their customer's private information, such as age and home address.
Advertising agents say brilliant creative is vital to success.
Advertising campaign Explain the planning process required for effective advertising.
Advertising campaign grows For the first time Alpha is to be advertised on buses around the country.
Advertising campaigns are campaigns.
Advertising campaigns are hip, along with some new styling which can be seen on the new E-class.
Advertising campaigns can be time-bound or preset.
Advertising campaigns have an intrinsic branding value across the Internet as well as offline media.
Advertising Campaigns Have student s design advertising campaigns to market dairy products.
Advertising campaigns have to be planned and tested.
Advertising campaigns make products appear more significant than they are.
An advertising campaign is a cause
All advertising campaigns offer guaranteed ad delivery and certified ad tracking and analysis.
Many advertising campaigns are about consumption or indulgence.
Advertising clutter has a deleterious impact on almost every campaign.
Advertising coloration signals an animal's capability to other animals.
Advertising companies can use cookies to target ad banners.
Advertising companies cultivate a particular brand image to influence people's behavior.
Advertising companies use all types of media to reach target groups.
Advertising copy goes here.
Advertising copy is often even less informative.
Advertising copy is subject to approval.
Advertising copy is subject to the approval of the publisher.
Advertising copy is subject to the editors approval.
Advertising copy is to be supplied to scale and in one piece.
All advertising copy is copyrighted by their respective authors and used here with permission.
All advertising copy is provided by the advertiser.
All advertising copy is subject to approval and acceptance at the publisher's option.
All advertising copy is subject to approval of the publisher.
All advertising copy is subject to approval.
All advertising copy is subject to publisher's approval.
All advertising copy is subject to the publisher's approval.
All advertising copy is submitted subject to publisher's approval.
All advertising copy is to be supplied camera ready.
Advertising inventory is a perishable good.
Advertising inventory is sold in blocks of exposures only.
Advertising mail is the strongest medium for building relationships.
Advertising manager Review the ad for content.
Advertising managers oversee account services, creative services, and media services departments.
Advertising managers supervise all the workers in the advertising department.
Advertising managers travel to meet with clients.
Advertising materials are due four weeks before the issue date.
All advertising material is subject to approval of the publisher.
All advertising material is subject to approval.
All advertising material means purchase orders, camera-ready art, and digital files.
Advertising media discusses the major types of ads used by small businesses.
Advertising media includes newspaper, flyers, and bulletin boards as well as other media.
Advertising media is, among other things, a game of comparisons.
Advertising mediums change.
All advertising media offer users specific advantages-and all media have their limitations.
Every advertising medium offers it's benefits and direct mail is no exception.
Many advertising media work well to reach a diverse range of target consumers.
Advertising networks are the solution.
Advertising networks can act as brokers for online publishers.
Advertising networks Create an online portfolio and get advice from the leading financial experts.
Advertising professionals appreciate loyalty, but they know something more.
Advertising professionals can help make that happen.
Advertising professionals care deeply about good writing.
Advertising regulation does more harm than good.
Advertising research is key to determining the success of an ad in any country or region.
Advertising revenue adds up quickly for Web-based applications.
Advertising revenue can be a means of increasing the budget without increasing dues.
Advertising revenue can make a free e-zine very profitable.
Advertising revenue grows faster than subscription fees.
Advertising revenue helps support the service.
Advertising revenue is a key source of sales for many Content sites.
Advertising revenue is an important factor in most any web site catering to the public.
Advertising revenue is generated through hits.
Advertising revenue is increased.
Advertising revenue is our only source of income at present.
Advertising revenue makes that possible.
Advertising revenue pays for the site.
Advertising revenues are at an all time low.
Advertising revenues are down precipitously.
Advertising revenues are just one possible source of income.
Advertising revenues are more plentiful, too.
Advertising revenues are strong.
Advertising revenues are up dramatically.
Advertising revenues are very important to the chapter.
Advertising revenues continue to rise.
Advertising revenues help offset the cost of hosting the service.
Advertising revenues soar.
All advertising revenue goes to recovering our administration costs.
All advertising revenue is used to offset hosting expenses.
All advertising revenue pays for our webhost fees and domain fees.
Most advertising slogans are neither true nor false, but unprovable assertions.
Advertising space is allocated on a first come first served basis.
Advertising space is also available at very affordable rates.
Advertising space is also available in our printed concert programs.
Advertising space is also available to vendors and suppliers to the legal community.
Advertising space is also available.
Advertising space is available along the left margins and across the top of the category pages.
Advertising space is available at a discount.
Advertising space is available at competitive rates.
Advertising space is available both for classified ads and for display ads.
Advertising space is available for all media.
Advertising space is available for both members an non-members at reasonable rates.
Advertising space is available for both the newsletter and the website.
Advertising space is available for reputable firms.
Advertising space is available for reputable organizations.
Advertising space is available for writers wishing to deliver a religious message.
Advertising space is available here and on related sites.
Advertising space is available in both mediums.
Advertising space is available in cornell.e-mail at very reasonable rates.
Advertising space is available in each newsletter.
Advertising space is available in the brochure at reasonable cost.
Advertising space is available inside at regular display rate.
Advertising space is available on a first come first serve basis.
Advertising space is available on a month to month basis although longer contracts are available.
Advertising space is available on every page and pricing differs in each target area.
Advertising space is available on our pages.
Advertising space is available on our web page.
Advertising space is available on our website.
Advertising space is available on search results pages.
Advertising space is available on the back of the gameboard.
Advertising space is available on the inside pages at the back of each volume as required.
Advertising space is available on the lighted panels.
Advertising space is available to all businesses or professional services.
Advertising space is available to purchase by time period.
Advertising space is available.
Advertising space is based on amount of sponsorship.
Advertising space is expensive.
Advertising space is generally available in each.
Advertising space is included with each mailer template.
Advertising space is limited and at the discretion of the publisher.
Advertising space is limited and on a first come basis.
Advertising space is limited and reservations are accepted in order of receipt.
Advertising space is limited and strategically placed for the most cohesive design.
Advertising space is limited in each issue.
Advertising space is limited to quarter and eighth page size.
Advertising space is limited, and is priced accordingly.
Advertising space is limited, so subscribe now.
Advertising space is limited.
Advertising space is on an availability only basis.
Advertising space is sold as one combined unit for both newspapers.
Advertising space is sold by column-inches only.
Advertising space is sold on a first come first-served basis.
Advertising space is sold on a first-come, first serve basis.
Advertising space is sold subject to availability.
Advertising space is very limited so be considerate of other advertisers.
Advertising spaces are Limited.
All advertising space is based upon a first-come basis.
All advertising space is limited and on a first come basis.
All advertising space is sold at regular rates.
All advertising space is subject to availability and is sold on a first come, first serve basis.
All advertising space is subject to our approval and availability.
Most advertising space is filled up.
Advertising specialties are pens, caps, paperweights, flashlights, key chains, etc.
Advertising Specialties can be effective promotional tools when used effectively.
Advertising Specialties can provide all of the above benefits.
Advertising Specialties find a permanent or semi-permanent home on refrigerators and walls.
Advertising specialties have lasting appeal.
Advertising Supplements provide a unique presence unattainable in other forms of advertising.
Advertising World Contains a multitude of links to resources for advertising and marketing.
Advertising accounts for nearly three-fourths of sales.
Advertising accounts for three-quarters of Yahoo Japan's revenues.
Advertising actually looks to be a pretty good revenue source for e-book device content.
Advertising adds little or nothing to the well being of society.
Advertising aimed at children is so prevalent in our lives that many people think it's okay.
Advertising aimed at gays seems to be increasing.
Advertising allows goods to be mass marketed, which ultimately brings prices down.
Advertising allows sellers to tell buyers what products and services are available at what prices.
Advertising allows the general public to have an input into proposed names.
Advertising also allows creativity and mass communication across media.
Advertising also appears in publications that go to the upscale clients and potential clients.
Advertising also creates the impression that smoking is a socially acceptable norm.
Advertising also includes analysis of whether the message was delivered accurately and successfully.
Advertising also includes oral communications.
Advertising also is a very important issue in terms of the success of an auction.
Advertising also is at an all-time high.
Advertising also limits the potential success of men's magazines.
Advertising also represents an assault on communal values.
Advertising also sways teens to smoke and drink.
Advertising also takes place on websites.
Advertising also uses social images and appeals to people's psychological and physical needs.
Advertising also works best when it supplements other useful information.
Advertising appearing in newspapers, both regional and daily, is perceived to have more integrity.
Advertising appears only as a courtesy to the provider of web site statistics.
Advertising appears only in the printed version.
Advertising are capable of increase demand.
Advertising are commercial enterprises.
Advertising are communication.
Advertising are located in newspapers.
Advertising are marketing.
Advertising are mediums.
Advertising are part of promotions.
Advertising arrives with the messages but, that's the price of full in-box.
Advertising attempts to affect attitudes.
Advertising attempts to move a consumer from mere want to action.
Advertising attracts potential buyers, but merchandising and marketing are what sell homes.
Advertising banners Many sites that have sufficient traffic use banner ads to generate income.
Advertising becomes a strong influence toward mass audience marketing.
Advertising becomes career-critical information.
Advertising becomes more cost-effective as a group.
Advertising brings the book to the attention of our readers quickly and very inexpensively.
Advertising build customers over periods of time.
Advertising builds the brand over a period of time.
Advertising builds the image of the sexy, carefree teen.
Advertising can also generate some revenue.
Advertising can assist producers to maintain or enhance their market.
Advertising can be a black hole.
Advertising can be a really bad thing.
Advertising can be a very expensive and confusing part of an owners job.
Advertising can be an effective promotional tool.
Advertising can be an expensive venture.
Advertising can be as simple as brochures in the vehicle or a magnetic sign on the exterior.
Advertising can be effective if it does nothing more than create brand awareness.
Advertising can be expensive and, of course, there are no guaranteed results.
Advertising can be expensive, and word of mouth can take time.
Advertising can be expensive.
Advertising can be factual.
Advertising can be free or can be paid.
Advertising can be in another form of media or on a Website that is relevant and popular.
Advertising can be manipulative.
Advertising can be standard commercials or still shots.
Advertising can be such a gamble.
Advertising can be very costly, particularly when it is required in more than one state.
Advertising can be very expensive.
Advertising can bring new customers and more sales for the business.
Advertising can communicate new information.
Advertising can consist of many things.
Advertising can control where they go and who they turn to.
Advertising can create a model people wish to identify with and imitate.
Advertising can create personalities and images that trigger the modeling instinct.
Advertising can get quite expensive.
Advertising can have a conscience.
Advertising can help build a brand.
Advertising can make a brand name number two, but promotions can get it to the top.
Advertising can make or break a company.
Advertising can make up for poor product quality and therefore keep a poor product in the market.
Advertising can mimic reality or be seductive.
Advertising can never be an expense.
Advertising can never succeed in supplanting better or cheaper goods by poorer goods.
Advertising can only come from local companies.
Advertising can only do so much.
Advertising can produce measurable results.
Advertising can reduce that expense.
Advertising can suggest, and man is a suggestible creature.
Advertising can take the form of banners or buttons.
Advertising can then appeal to aspects of emotion, power, and status that entice an audience to buy.
Advertising cancelled after the deadline for publication is subject to full charge.
Advertising causes a lot of extra work.
Advertising causes people to smoke.
Advertising certainly does that.
Advertising changes attitudes.
Advertising changes the content of media.
Advertising Click the links below to find out the current trends in online advertising.
Advertising Click to see samples.
Advertising closes on the first of the month preceding publication month.
Advertising Collectibles Click on blue title for image.
Advertising comes and goes.
Advertising comes in many colors, shapes and forms.
Advertising comes in the form of banner and showroom fees.
Advertising comes second.
Advertising commonly sells for somewhat under rate card prices, but they're a starting place.
Advertising communicates the codes of proper appearance through meta-images.
Advertising confirms what the demographers say.
Advertising constantly flashes on screen.
Advertising constantly generates new dissatisfactions.
Advertising contributes the rest.
Advertising contributes to giving consumers more choices.
Advertising controls the world.
Advertising Copy for display ads and flyers.
Advertising corrects flaws in the marketplace.
Advertising Cosmo creates very specialized print advertising for our exacting clients.
Advertising costs a lot of money and the retail market is very competitive.
Advertising costs a lot, but is valuable when implemented effectively.
Advertising costs money .
Advertising costs money lots of it.
Advertising costs money, interviewing takes time.
Advertising costs money.
Advertising creates a demand that the pharmacist can supply and make a profit.
Advertising creates and encourages competition.
Advertising creates false needs.
Advertising creates markets.
Advertising creates more than a product image.
Advertising creates needs.
Advertising creates publicity and helps product a positive corporate image.
Advertising Creates the messages that promote products and services.
Advertising Cut back to save expenses.
Advertising debases human relationships.
Advertising declines further.
Advertising desperately needs more innovators.
Advertising Determine the most effective message given to consumers.
Advertising directly affects the strength of loyalty a consumer has for the favorite brand.
Advertising directories etc.
Advertising does aggregate around large scale advertising aggregators.
Advertising does more than merely inform it also persuades.
Advertising does nothing.
Advertising does work, but only when the context matches the user's goals.
Advertising done by partner adoption agencies is done at their discretion and expense.
Advertising draws in the customer, brand retains the customer.
Advertising drives media businesses.
Advertising drowns out the competition, and our creative writing programs are so much advertising.
Advertising earlier increases the caliber of the applicants.
Advertising emphasizes creativity while public relations highlights diplomacy and thoughtfulness.
Advertising emphasizes that people can heap on the potatoes and pasta and still lose weight.
Advertising enables listeners to hear the songs for free.
Advertising encourages people to buy.
Advertising encourages people to use the trolley to get around downtown instead of driving.
Advertising encourages product innovation.
Advertising enters our lives through television, radio, and print media.
Advertising even affects the way children play.
Advertising exploits individual insecurities, creates false needs and offers counterfeit solutions.
Advertising exploits our fascination with sex, violence, and the exotic to get our attention.
Advertising Find out about classified and display advertising.
Advertising Find out how to advertise in our newsletter.
Advertising Find out if the band has an advertising budget for releases.
Advertising Find people.
Advertising first defines the category, but it quickly moves to place it in a social context.
Advertising Flogging a product successfully means combining creativity with a sharp business mind.
Advertising follows below.
Advertising follows text.
Advertising geared towards women, however, seems less kind.
Advertising generates new needs and establishes brand loyalties.
Advertising generates revenue.
Advertising Get information about advertising in The Private Equity Analyst.
Advertising gets consumers talking to physicians and seeking help.
Advertising gets expensive fast.
Advertising gets the sizzle to sell the sausages even if the sausage is shit.
Advertising Given the track record of the industry so far, such notice is only reasonable.
Advertising gives new customers a reason to come in.
Advertising goes where advertising pays.
Advertising Growing rapidly, China is the second largest advertising market in Asia.
Advertising happens in many different ways.
Advertising has a big influence on children's attitudes toward money and possessions.
Advertising has a big influence on kids during the holidays.
Advertising has a lot to do with our age stereotypes, too.
Advertising has a place on the Net.
Advertising has by far the largest potential because growth is truly unlimited.
Advertising has elements of sexuality and aggression for success.
Advertising has little, if any, direct impact on the success of a restaurant.
Advertising has no use for reality.
Advertising has nothing whatsoever to do with the notion or concept of free expression.
Advertising has the same ability as television programming to impact children's perceptions.
Advertising has to be interesting both for the reader and the creator.
Advertising has to be smarter.
Advertising has to mention any harmful effects.
Advertising has to reflect each dealer's offerings.
Advertising has to rely on awareness estimates.
Advertising has two and only two functions.
Advertising has yet to be done.
Advertising Have a banner placed on one of our sites.
Advertising Have a look at our advertising information and get in touch.
Advertising Helping over visitors, find just what they wanted . . .
Advertising helps consumers make good choices about what they want.
Advertising helps consumers make wise choices.
Advertising helps pay the bills.
Advertising helps raise the standard of living by raising the standard of longing.
Advertising helps the economy.
Advertising helps to build strong brands.
Advertising helps turn clicks into clients.
Advertising Here are some local builders and manufactured housing dealers.
Advertising here offers a way into the hands of the legal community on a daily basis.
Advertising Here's a commercial for a novel.
Advertising hits the wireless Web.
Advertising implies some kind of payment and total control over the content.
Advertising includes artists, writers, researchers, designers, managers and others.
Advertising includes flyers, weekly Scene ads, and monthly reminders.
Advertising increases sales.
Advertising increases the product's cost price.
Advertising induces skepticism.
Advertising influences the quality of products.
Advertising informs consumers about a product and what it does.
Advertising insures business strength, progression, success, and profit.
Advertising Interview the advertising manager and determine how the operation functions.
Advertising invites skepticism.
Advertising involves actual ads in print, video, or broadcast media.
Advertising involves all phases of the industry, from art direction to media planning and buying.
Advertising involves buying television or radio air time, or space in a newspaper or magazine.
Advertising is a billion dollar industry.
Advertising is a bit different.
Advertising is a bit of a conundrum.
Advertising is a bridge to that island.
Advertising is a business insurance.
Advertising is a business necessity.
Advertising is a business of communication.
Advertising is a business of deadlines.
Advertising is a business' way of educating consumers about their products.
Advertising is a combination of science and art.
Advertising is a communications method that avoids the privacy issue.
Advertising is a communications tool.
Advertising is a competitive activity enabling manufacturers to compete for market share.
Advertising is a completely controllable expense.
Advertising is a complicated topic for professionals.
Advertising is a cut-throat business where being competitive is the key.
Advertising is a cutting-edge business.
Advertising is a cyclical business.
Advertising is a demanding field.
Advertising is a different animal.
Advertising is a different matter.
Advertising is a dynamic business marked by intrinsic growth and change.
Advertising is a fact of commercial life.
Advertising is a fair form of free speech.
Advertising is a fat target, easily lambasted and judged without much thought or training.
Advertising is a fine and many-dimensional process.
Advertising is a form of propaganda.
Advertising is a fueler of all the media.
Advertising is a fully tax-deductible business expense.
Advertising is a fundamental business question.
Advertising is a fundamental part of our information culture.
Advertising is a gamble, a game of odds.
Advertising is a glamorous, exciting, and creative field.
Advertising is a good example of an item that can be traded for an expense.
Advertising is a good example.
Advertising is a good way to determine the audience's economic bracket.
Advertising is a good way to get started in attracting new clients.
Advertising is a good way to increase market share.
Advertising is a good way to inform and persuade the customer.
Advertising is a great leveler.
Advertising is a great way to display something to a mass number of people.
Advertising is a great way to generate traffic, but is usually expensive.
Advertising is a great way to increase traffic and boost sales.
Advertising is a grey area.
Advertising is a guide to our online banner advertising program.
Advertising is a key factor to continued development of funding possibilities.
Advertising is a key part of the sales process.
Advertising is a large part of marketing.
Advertising is a legal requirement.
Advertising is a legitimate and necessary business expense.
Advertising is a lot about getting attention.
Advertising is a lot like prostitution.
Advertising is a main component of their campaign.
Advertising is a major component of any company's success in a capitalist society.
Advertising is a major component of corporate communications.
Advertising is a major key to buying and selling a home.
Advertising is a major source of our income.
Advertising is a major vehicle for presenting images and forming attitudes.
Advertising is a mass communications tool appropriate for mass audience media.
Advertising is a means of selling a product.
Advertising is a medium that only works with repetition.
Advertising is a message intended to solicit commerce for the benefit of the sender.
Advertising is a miscellaneous collection of advertising work.
Advertising is a mix.
Advertising is a moving target and requires due diligence.
Advertising is a necessary tool in the selling procedure.
Advertising is a necessary tool used to secure and retain customers and grow a business.
Advertising is a necessity.
Advertising is a new factor introduced in the environment of the Internet.
Advertising is a no-no.
Advertising is a non-personal sales message that is paid for by an identified company.
Advertising is a numbers game.
Advertising is a part of every culture.
Advertising is a part of our culture and builds bridges to others.
Advertising is a part of the marketing communication task.
Advertising is a part of web page design.
Advertising is a particularly effective way of developing the agricultural production of such goods.
Advertising is a particularly popular field.
Advertising is a perception.
Advertising is a pervasive part of today's society.
Advertising is a poor fit for supporting serious writing.
Advertising is a powerful force in American culture.
Advertising is a powerful tool for consumers.
Advertising is a powerful tool for influencing consumers and increasing product sales.
Advertising is a product of scarce access to large numbers of customers and prospects.
Advertising is a proven motivator for getting people out to restaurants.
Advertising is a proven tool.
Advertising is a quickly changing discipline.
Advertising is a real problem for some people.
Advertising is a science, an art.
Advertising is a science.
Advertising is a separate issue with a more costly but predictable budget.
Advertising is a service in which companies purchase and control the message being delivered.
Advertising is a source of information about products.
Advertising is a tool for communicating information and shaping markets.
Advertising is a tool that, if used correctly, is very powerful.
Advertising is a tricky thing.
Advertising is a very cheap, and at times effective, means of communicating to consumers.
Advertising is a very competitive field in which to get a job.
Advertising is a very difficult field in which to find employment.
Advertising is a very expressive communication tool.
Advertising is a vicious circle of waste and abuse.
Advertising is a vital component of the New Zealand economy.
Advertising is a vital information source in our free-enterprise system.
Advertising is a vital part of the student publications.
Advertising is a way for firms to avoid serious price competition - look at the auto industry.
Advertising is a way of life for most competitive businesses.
Advertising is a wonderful thing.
Advertising is about business.
Advertising is about getting the word about a client's product out to consumers.
Advertising is about lying.
Advertising is about market communication, which is about communicating with people.
Advertising is about numbers, the right numbers .
Advertising is about profit and loss.
Advertising is about selling, and selling is good.
Advertising is about selling.
Advertising is about truth.
Advertising is about what is new.
Advertising is absent or minimal.
Advertising is abundant on the machines, although tobacco and alcohol ads are conspicuously absent.
Advertising is accepted at the discretion of the publisher.
Advertising is accepted for adult entertainment and services venues.
Advertising is accepted for cover positions only.
Advertising is accepted for special positions subject to production requirements.
Advertising is accepted for that issue.
Advertising is accepted from a wide variety of pharmaceutical companies.
Advertising is accepted in good faith.
Advertising is accepted in the Summer issue.
Advertising is accepted on a space available basis.
Advertising is accepted on a space-available basis.
Advertising is accepted when judged to be in harmony with the purpose of the journal.
Advertising is accepted when judged to be in harmony with the purpose of the publication.
Advertising is accepted.
Advertising is affordable, responsive, immediate and easy to do.
Advertising is all about what companies can do to sell their newest product.
Advertising is all over the place, but it seems useless and possibly even dangerous.
Advertising is almost a new art in Palestine, and quite inexpensive.
Advertising is already all over our schools.
Advertising is also a key factor when selling a home.
Advertising is also a major factor in the determination of who comes out on top.
Advertising is also about appealing to senses and emotions rather than intellect.
Advertising is also an extremely viable promotional tool.
Advertising is also an important aspect, of course.
Advertising is also available for non-attending suppliers.
Advertising is also available in Chuckle Mail.
Advertising is also available in high-profile conference and exhibition program books.
Advertising is also available in other parts of our site .
Advertising is also available online.
Advertising is also available.
Advertising is also possible on Omani television and radio and on limited highway signs.
Advertising is also the voice of free enterprise.
Advertising is also today's most popular offspring of art.
Advertising is always a more appropriate avenue to relay messages to our readers.
Advertising is always under attack.
Advertising is an all-weather, team sport.
Advertising is an area with tremendous career potential.
Advertising is an easy target when it comes to integrity.
Advertising is an effective tool for finding a vendor as well.
Advertising is an essential tool in the promotion of business.
Advertising is an ever-evolving, constantly growing industry.
Advertising is an evil necessity that can be confusing and expensive.
Advertising is an evolving field.
Advertising is an extremely expensive way to recruit candidates.
Advertising is an extremely important element in our society today.
Advertising is an important aspect of promoting a stallion.
Advertising is an important business feature.
Advertising is an important facet of marketing.
Advertising is an important part of marketing.
Advertising is an important part of the paper.
Advertising is an important source of information.
Advertising is an important tool of the firm.
Advertising is an important transmitter of historical misrepresentation.
Advertising is an industry just like politics or entertainment.
Advertising is an integral part of selling automobiles.
Advertising is an integral part of the corporate expansion of the tobacco industry.
Advertising is an invention of the capitalist society.
Advertising is an irritant.
Advertising is an obvious method to reach our TV-fixated youth.
Advertising is an option, although it can require a major investment.
Advertising is annoying, expensive, and amazingly ineffective.
Advertising is another area in which laboratories influence prospective clients.
Advertising is another challenge for the newspaper.
Advertising is another factor encouraging children to smoke.
Advertising is another important medium of power.
Advertising is another key source of revenue.
Advertising is another kind of distraction.
Advertising is another significant company expenditure.
Advertising is another way to get the passive job seeker's attention.
Advertising is another.
Advertising is antithetical to reasoning, and to teaching children how to reason.
Advertising is arguably the most important part of planning an event.
Advertising is as American as apple pie Advertising is as American as apple pie.
Advertising is as American as apple pie, and older than the nation itself.
Advertising is as important to a business' health and growth as fertilizer is to a crop.
Advertising is as melodramatic as the stories.
Advertising is as much a part of our history as any other cultural phenomenon.
Advertising is at a minimum and potential is lost.
Advertising is at a minimum on the home page.
Advertising is at the discretion of the publisher.
Advertising is at the front of delivering the proper message to customers and prospective customers.
Advertising is audience delivery.
Advertising is available .
Advertising is available at a nominal cost.
Advertising is available at reasonable rates.
Advertising is available at the following rates.
Advertising is available at very inexpensive rates.
Advertising is available at very reasonable rates.
Advertising is available both in our newsletter and at our online mega mall.
Advertising is available for family-oriented sites only.
Advertising is available here.
Advertising is available in any combination of papers, and discounts apply equally to all.
Advertising is available in both display and classified formats.
Advertising is available in game programs or on rink banners.
Advertising is available in half page or full page formats.
Advertising is available in monochrome, spot colour and colour.
Advertising is available in our season brochure as well as programs during the season.
Advertising is available in sizes ranging from one sixth of a page to full size.
Advertising is available in the back issues at reduced rates.
Advertising is available in the e-mail version.
Advertising is available in three sizes and varies on price depending on location.
Advertising is available like the banner ads shown above.
Advertising is available on a first come first serve basis.
Advertising is available on a non-contract or contract basis.
Advertising is available on a weekly, monthly or quarterly basis.
Advertising is available on an annual contract basis.
Advertising is available on every page.
Advertising is available on the back of the magazine polybag mailer.
Advertising is available on the homepage, main section pages, section pages and specialty areas.
Advertising is available on the site in the form of banner ads.
Advertising is available on wanderlist .
Advertising is available to interested individuals.
Advertising is available to members only.
Advertising is available to non-members at double the listed rate.
Advertising is available to restaurants.
Advertising is available with flexible format and frequency requirements.
Advertising is available within our site at very low cost.
Advertising is available, space permitting.
Advertising is available.
Advertising is based on size of banner, and location.
Advertising is based upon psychology.
Advertising is based upon regions of the site.
Advertising is basically a communications business.
Advertising is basically an audience delivery service.
Advertising is being sold on top of advertising, and reseller and affiliate programs abound.
Advertising is big business for America's newspapers.
Advertising is big business.
Advertising is billed montly and isd due upon receipt.
Advertising is billed one month in advance.
Advertising is billed the week of issue.
Advertising is both an art and a science.
Advertising is by word of mouth at local high schools and churches.
Advertising is by word of mouth.
Advertising is carried out on a local, regional and national basis.
Advertising is carried to readers who seek information on a very local level.
Advertising is certainly one of the key drivers to our sales and field force growth.
Advertising is charged to requesting department.
Advertising is cheap on the net and no products are shipped in boxes, so costs are extremely low.
Advertising is commercial networking.
Advertising is common sense.
Advertising is completely free.
Advertising is considered a service.
Advertising is considered abuse.
Advertising is considered off-topic in the other groups.
Advertising is considered one of the mass media.
Advertising is considered to be labeling.
Advertising is costly and subject to legal restrictions.
Advertising is creative, convincing, and relevant to the topic.
Advertising is critical to boosting revenues in the coming fiscal year.
Advertising is critical to the success of any small business.
Advertising is critical.
Advertising is dead.
Advertising is defined as a paid message distributed to a mass audience.
Advertising is defined as receiving compensation for promotion of goods or services.
Advertising is designed to sell products, services, and entertainments.
Advertising is designer genes for the soul.
Advertising is different on the Internet because it is fast-paced.
Advertising is different.
Advertising is directed to the appropriate members based upon age and expressed interest.
Advertising is discovered, much to the chagrin of the directors.
Advertising is discussed as a social force, a competitive tool and a career path.
Advertising is done with a combination of printed copy and photos or art work.
Advertising is down to a minimum.
Advertising is down to about seven pages in the last.
Advertising is easy.
Advertising is effective for consumer products now that Algeria's import market is open.
Advertising is effective.
Advertising is eliminated to keep commercials from being distractive.
Advertising is equally expensive and sometimes reaches too narrow an audience.
Advertising is especially important for a show that only takes place every three years.
Advertising is essential for the purposes of competitiveness.
Advertising is essential.
Advertising is essentially an American concept, so studying in America was the obvious choice.
Advertising is essentially image-making.
Advertising is everywhere today, from Web site pages to movie promos tonewspaper classifieds.
Advertising is everywhere, and people everywhere are united by it.
Advertising is everywhere.
Advertising is examined through the eyes of the consumer.
Advertising is excluded, but electronic links placed on portal sites are a gray area.
Advertising is expensive and a mistake here is a costly lesson.
Advertising is expensive and can be a signal of employee turnover within a company.
Advertising is expensive and carries no assurance of success.
Advertising is expensive and it is necessary, but there are other way of creating awareness.
Advertising is expensive and necessary, but there are other ways of creating awareness.
Advertising is expensive, lasts for a very short period and provides no guarantee of success.
Advertising is expensive.
Advertising is exploitative. . . .
Advertising is extremely expensive.
Advertising is extremely important.
Advertising is fairly unobtrusive, though the site prominently requests donations.
Advertising is fast and easy.
Advertising is first and foremost one way.
Advertising is for one issue and two months.
Advertising is for one issue, and two months on website.
Advertising is forbidden.
Advertising is forecast to be the largest m-commerce revenue producer.
Advertising is free for independent websites that fit in our catagories.
Advertising is free to employers and employees throughout the U.S. and Canada.
Advertising is free to members allowing up to fifty words per ad.
Advertising is FREE, and subscription rates are low.
Advertising is free.
Advertising is frowned upon.
Advertising is fun to look at.
Advertising is generally a reactive business.
Advertising is good for business because the ads bring customers into the stores.
Advertising is good, networking is better.
Advertising is good.
Advertising is gratis.
Advertising is handled separately.
Advertising is here to stay.
Advertising is hideously expensive, and few shareware authors can afford it.
Advertising is highly cost-effective.
Advertising is highly unlikely.
Advertising is important.
Advertising is in development.
Advertising is in many ways more important than the actual event.
Advertising is in the magazines and popular press things.
Advertising is in the schools.
Advertising is inappropriate.
Advertising is inexpensive, especially considering the tightly targeted audience.
Advertising is interactive and educational.
Advertising is interspersed throughout the publication rather than grouped into one section.
Advertising is intrusive and interrupts the experience of appreciating media.
Advertising is invoiced upon publication.
Advertising is issued on a first come, first serve basis.
Advertising is just as much news as a bylined article.
Advertising is just as much news as a bylined story.
Advertising is just one part of it.
Advertising is just part of an overall marketing scheme, so they let it drop.
Advertising is kept to a minimum on the home page and indeed on results pages.
Advertising is key to that success.
Advertising is left to billboards and posters.
Advertising is legal.
Advertising is legalized lying.
Advertising is light, but growing.
Advertising is like a shark.
Advertising is like casting bread upon the waters with rewards being realized over a period of time.
Advertising is like dating.
Advertising is like eating an elephant.
Advertising is like marriage.
Advertising is likely to become more varied as it becomes more targeted.
Advertising is limited and inexpensive.
Advertising is limited to ads for other crossword and circle word publications.
Advertising is limited to campus only.
Advertising is limited to categories specifically of interest to the membership of the association.
Advertising is limited to commercial accounts.
Advertising is limited to exhibitors only.
Advertising is limited to provide maximum value to both the advertiser and the user.
Advertising is limited to sessions arranged through our office only.
Advertising is limited.
Advertising is made up of information and emotional appeal in varying proportions.
Advertising is mainly in local weeklies and monthlies.
Advertising is marked.
Advertising is marketing's most visible form of communication.
Advertising is mass communication.
Advertising is measured by sales barometers.
Advertising is merely a window on the state of society.
Advertising is merely the first step in the marketing process.
Advertising is minimal and diverse content makes up the balance.
Advertising is minimal or absent.
Advertising is minimal, and clients are obtained mostly by word of mouth.
Advertising is minimal.
Advertising is misleading.
Advertising is more celebrity-driven, and brand apparel is more popular.
Advertising is more of a science on the Web than in any other medium.
Advertising is more than just ads.
Advertising is most effective when it provides added momentum to sales upswings.
Advertising is most prominent in a free market economy .
Advertising is much more effective when targeted to a qualified market.
Advertising is nearly honest.
Advertising is necessary today.
Advertising is necessary.
Advertising is needed.
Advertising is news - about products and services.
Advertising is no different.
Advertising is no longer a traditional medium business.
Advertising is no longer for businesses alone.
Advertising is no longer just jokes and fun, and TV commercials.
Advertising is noncancelable.
Advertising is nothing more than a sales tool.
Advertising is now available on both sites.
Advertising is now available on the eircom net site.
Advertising is now in schools.
Advertising is offered at very reasonable rates.
Advertising is offered in both black and white and color.
Advertising is offered on a monthly, quarterly, semi-annual and annual basis.
Advertising is offered only for horse related businesses.
Advertising is often immoral.
Advertising is often one of the services targeted.
Advertising is often the most effective method of reinforcing a brand image.
Advertising is often too expensive.
Advertising is okay if it is in response to a question someone posted on the list.
Advertising is okay.
Advertising is on a pre-paid basis.
Advertising is on an annual basis at reasonable rates.
Advertising is one area where a lot of newbies make costly mistakes.
Advertising is one avenue to secure awareness.
Advertising is one form of marketing, but it's terribly expensive.
Advertising is one major way publications generate revenue.
Advertising is one of many methods by which lawyers can inform the public about legal services.
Advertising is one of the basic tools of the retail business.
Advertising is one of the biggest culprits.
Advertising is one of the communication components of marketing, a part of the promotion mix.
Advertising is one of the growth industries of the German economy.
Advertising is one of the key focuses in the magazine.
Advertising is one of the last concerns for companies when times are difficult.
Advertising is one of the magical forms of making money, and it multiplies.
Advertising is one of the most common marketing strategies, but it is by no means the only one.
Advertising is one of the most important elements of a successful marketing communication plan.
Advertising is one of the most important tasks a business can do.
Advertising is one of the most powerful marketing tools in television.
Advertising is one of the reasons people buy newspapers.
Advertising is one of the simplest forms of persuasion.
Advertising is one of the ways to make money.
Advertising is one of the ways to reach that goal.
Advertising is one path along the way to winning hearts and minds.
Advertising is one role.
Advertising is one segment of a well organized, continuous market plan.
Advertising is one tool but is increasingly fighting a losing battle.
Advertising is one traditional form of promotion.
Advertising is one way to learn what is available, where to buy it, and how much it costs.
Advertising is one.
Advertising is only a public service, they insist.
Advertising is only available to members.
Advertising is only one aspect of marketing.
Advertising is only one of the traditional components of marketing communications.
Advertising is only one part of a much wider communications strategy to encourage visits.
Advertising is only one part of marketing.
Advertising is only the first step.
Advertising is open to any legitimate business related to gardening.
Advertising is open to anyone desiring to reach the Christian community.
Advertising is paid in advance.
Advertising is paid publicity.
Advertising is part of a multi-faceted approach to tobacco prevention and cessation.
Advertising is part of a two-way dialogue between marketers and their customers.
Advertising is part of life.
Advertising is part of marketing.
Advertising is particularly influencial.
Advertising is permitted but only in a limited form .
Advertising is permitted in The Bulletin and on the Web site.
Advertising is permitted in the newsmagazine, directory and journal.
Advertising is permitted on some mailing lists and news groups if they explicitly allow advertising.
Advertising is permitted so long as it is done in a tasteful manner.
Advertising is permitted.
Advertising is pervasive and free speech is being legislated away.
Advertising is placed at the discretion of the publisher.
Advertising is placed on a first come first served basis.
Advertising is placed on most pages throughout the web site.
Advertising is placed on the back inside pages.
Advertising is placed within the marketing context of consumer behavior and market segmentation.
Advertising is pornographic.
Advertising is possible per month or per quarter of a year.
Advertising is present.
Advertising is probably the easiest task.
Advertising is protected as free speech according to the concept of a. clear and present danger.
Advertising is published without change in copy by eRetailNews.
Advertising is puchased by banner impressions.
Advertising is recognized as an important element of a firm's integrated marketing communications.
Advertising is regulated by both federal and state law.
Advertising is relatively unobtrusive.
Advertising is reliable and proven and neccessary.
Advertising is required.
Advertising is restricted to professional engineering and consultancy services.
Advertising is reviewed.
Advertising is risky.
Advertising is salesmanship.
Advertising is scheduled for six minutes in every half-hour of programming.
Advertising is seen as a major influence on the desires, needs and lifestyles of people today.
Advertising is seen as one of the highest paid industries in Australia today.
Advertising is sent via electronic mail and faxes.
Advertising is sent via fliers, letters, brochures or reprints.
Advertising is sent via fliers, letters, brochures, or reprints.
Advertising is separated from editorial considerations.
Advertising is simple and free.
Advertising is simple, print out our online form or request it by e-mail.
Advertising is simply that - there is no endorsement stated or implied.
Advertising is simply that, there is no endorsement stated or implied.
Advertising is simply too important to trust creative decisions to the opinions of a few executives.
Advertising is small or non-existent.
Advertising is so expensive.
Advertising is soft.
Advertising is sold according to the number of pages viewed or impressions .
Advertising is sold in order to offset the cost of publishing and distributing.
Advertising is sold on an impression basis.
Advertising is sold on first come basis with one-month minimums.
Advertising is sold on the boards and adds a very professional look.
Advertising is sold only at earned published rates.
Advertising is sold only at earned, published rates.
Advertising is sold only at published rates.
Advertising is sold per multiple of quarter page.
Advertising is sold per week.
Advertising is solicited to cover the costs of compiling and distributing the publication.
Advertising is something that viewers understand.
Advertising is sometimes the best part of the magazine, visually at least.
Advertising is somewhat convincing, but vaguely related to the topic.
Advertising is somewhat creative and convincing.
Advertising is sporadic and on an as-space permits basis.
Advertising is still a major it err.
Advertising is still the art of selling.
Advertising is still the biggest and fastest way to make a company money.
Advertising is still very effective on television.
Advertising is straight jacket on the media.
Advertising is straightforward, but expensive.
Advertising is straightforward, promoting only the store itself.
Advertising is strictly limited and appropriate for general audiences.
Advertising is studied only as a joint subject degree .
Advertising is subject to approval of the publisher.
Advertising is subject to prior inquiry concerning the intent of the advertising.
Advertising is subject to the same agreement.
Advertising is supplied by industry leaders.
Advertising is supposed to attract customers.
Advertising is supposed to be a pack of lies.
Advertising is supposed to have some benefits for consumers.
Advertising is targeted at potential customers, in other words, a previously defined target group.
Advertising is that highway.
Advertising is the art of making whole lies out of half truths.
Advertising is the backbone of business.
Advertising is the banners, flash and streams.
Advertising is the commercial basis of most media.
Advertising is the company's biggest revenue source.
Advertising is the compass to consumers in a marketplace that s changing course.
Advertising is the date.
Advertising is the deliberate formulation of product advantages in a carefully selected medium.
Advertising is the dominant form of revenue for kid-oriented Web businesses today.
Advertising is the engine that fuels the economy.
Advertising is the fine art of convincing people that debt is better than frustration.
Advertising is the first element of marketing.
Advertising is the force multiplier which extends the recruiter's presence in the marketplace.
Advertising is the foundation of independent, diverse and affordable media.
Advertising is the function of raising that brand's awareness.
Advertising is the game.
Advertising is the greatest art form of the twentieth century.
Advertising is the key .
Advertising is the key to a successful yard sale.
Advertising is the key to any good garage sale.
Advertising is the key to any successful communications campaign.
Advertising is the key to getting the brand out there.
Advertising is the key to success.
Advertising is the key to survival.
Advertising is the key.
Advertising is the least of it.
Advertising is the least understood and most controversial way of marketing the law firm.
Advertising is the life blood of any business.
Advertising is the life blood of business.
Advertising is the life blood of new business.
Advertising is the lifeblood of any business.
Advertising is the lifeblood of any profitable business.
Advertising is the life-blood of any profitable business.
Advertising is the lifeblood of newspapers.
Advertising is the lifeblood of television, newspaper, radio and the Internet.
Advertising is the lifeblood of the broadcasting business.
Advertising is the lifeblood of the broadcasting industry.
Advertising is the lifeline for any magazine.
Advertising is the main source of revenue for Ukrainian TV broadcasting companies.
Advertising is the marriage of analysis and imagination, of marketing professional and artist.
Advertising is the most effective means of providing consumer information.
Advertising is the most powerful tool for influencing consumers and increasing product sales.
Advertising is the most visible form of promotion.
Advertising is the mouthpiece of business.
Advertising is the next thing to consider but of course that requires money.
Advertising is the obvious one.
Advertising is the obvious revenue piece here.
Advertising is the one single most important entity when growth is in mind.
Advertising is the one that goes behind making the powerful brands.
Advertising is the price of free publicity.
Advertising is the primary method of competition in the tobacco industry.
Advertising is the principal reason why the business man has come to inherit the earth.
Advertising is the promotion of any non-university product.
Advertising is the promotion of goods and services.
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
Advertising is the science of arresting human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
Advertising is the shop window of every corporate body.
Advertising is the spark plug of the capitalist engine.
Advertising is the third revenue source.
Advertising is the tradeoff for the use of the free service.
Advertising is the traditional money earner for providers of free Internet access.
Advertising is the traditional vehicle, and the easiest.
Advertising is the unifying voice of industry.
Advertising is thought to be tied to teen brand preference.
Advertising is too expensive, sales teams are too expensive, some success with direct-mail orders.
Advertising is too expensive.
Advertising is too important to take that kind of chance.
Advertising is treated explicitly.
Advertising is ubiquitous.
Advertising is ultimately a collaboration of intelligent people who respect an audience.
Advertising is unnecessary and wasteful.
Advertising is unobtrusive.
Advertising is used by virtually every business to build sales volume.
Advertising is used to inform, persuade and promote.
Advertising is used to remind consumers about company products.
Advertising is used to stimulate demand.
Advertising is useful, when it informs.
Advertising is verrrrry expensive.
Advertising is very competitive.
Advertising is very expensive . . .
Advertising is very expensive and produces little results.
Advertising is very expensive.
Advertising is very important for a company.
Advertising is very important to business success.
Advertising is very rare.
Advertising is very unobtrusive.
Advertising is viewed as an unnecessary added expense for most.
Advertising is vital to the success of almost every small business.
Advertising is welcome for both the new web-site and the publication.
Advertising is welcome to anybody and any product, with members recieving discount rates.
Advertising is welcome.
Advertising is welcomed.
Advertising is what any good salesman uses to attract buyers.
Advertising is what makes America go 'round.
Advertising is where most businesses make their largest marketing mistakes.
Advertising is wonderful.
Advertising is word of mouth.
Advertising is year-round and extensive.
Advertising is, after all, indigenous to American culture.
Advertising is, by definition, lies.
Advertising is, however, the lifeline of independent newspapers.
Advertising is, in effect, a funny kind of micropayment system.
Advertising is, of course, the last resort of the communicator.
Advertising jointly is another opportunity.
Advertising just costs that much.
Advertising keeps America's economy up.
Advertising layouts Back to the table of contents page.
Advertising leads to greed.
Advertising Learn what it takes to make money by delivering personalized and broadcast advertising.
Advertising lets consumers know about price and quality information.
Advertising likes to give the impression of newness, which often distorts the facts.
Advertising Listen to classic radio commercials.
Advertising lures people to pop, rues the writer, echoing earlier complaints against tobacco ads.
Advertising Maintain a list of publications, ad sizes and prices.
Advertising makes an impact.
Advertising makes chihuahua lovable, moving less stressful, and frogs talk in syllables.
Advertising makes it worse.
Advertising makes people discontented.
Advertising makes people feel inadequate.
Advertising makes technology seem superior and necessary.
Advertising makes the sales happen.
Advertising makes use of a special photographic and text writing techniques.
Advertising makes wide use of posters, as do charitable and political organizations.
Advertising Making the right connections is vital in today's fast-moving business environment.
Advertising match safes.
Advertising means everything to be successful or even to survive.
Advertising means money from big business.
Advertising means nothing.
Advertising merely sways the choices of which brand to purchase.
Advertising moves the goods.
Advertising needs the credibility publicity can create.
Advertising needs to be budgeted in for the service as well.
Advertising needs to be done for the show.
Advertising needs to be measurable .
Advertising needs to be more aggressive and less passive than the old approaches.
Advertising needs to be placed at least three weeks prior to publication.
Advertising needs to be the economic engine that drives it.
Advertising needs to reform for a few reasons.
Advertising now enters every corner of our lives.
Advertising now goes well beyond a notice on our Web site and a classified ad or two.
Advertising now has a major influence and puts pressure when deemed necessary on the news media.
Advertising now offers the product as itself, plus.
Advertising nowadays is geared toward critical programming.
Advertising obviously has an impact on sales of products or services.
Advertising occupies much space.
Advertising offers a ready-made audience.
Advertising offers another barrage of stimuli, purposely tempting the consumer to buy, buy, buy.
Advertising offers joint venture opportunities, fisheries exhibitions or conferences.
Advertising online is another way to go.
Advertising online is big, and growing bigger still.
Advertising online is easy.
Advertising online is extra.
Advertising online is the most cost effective way to build brand awareness.
Advertising online is the newest way of reaching an unlimited audience.
Advertising online is the same.
Advertising opportunites available.
Advertising pays for itself.
Advertising pays for printing and mailing of the paper.
Advertising pays, even in security.
Advertising permits all fair uses and generates income for artists.
Advertising placed in the programs and on the LOADtv Web site pay for it all.
Advertising placed on a no-proof basis is done at the advertiser's risk.
Advertising placed on television, radio or in print is a simple transaction.
Advertising plays a huge role in attracting campers.
Advertising plays a key role in making that premise a reality.
Advertising plays a key role in promoting the products and in generating profits.
Advertising plays a key role in shaping customer opinions and behavior.
Advertising plays a major role in the tobacco market.
Advertising plays a significant role in marketing products and services in the Nigerian market.
Advertising plays an important role in crisis management.
Advertising plays another important role in the agreement, beyond a simple banner transaction.
Advertising pops up at every mouse click.
Advertising portrays smokers as glamorous and healthy.
Advertising presents sex as a commodity, as part of the medium of exchange.
Advertising presents the images, ideas, and belief systems that a society holds.
Advertising promotes a warped view of overnight wonders.
Advertising promotes over-consumption that can hurt the environment.
Advertising protects things like jobs.
Advertising provides in-country exposure on product use, availability, species and products.
Advertising provides one such opportunity.
Advertising provides the carrot on the stick that keeps the beasts of burden trudging forward.
Advertising pushes all the right buttons in the minds of a developing teenager.
Advertising reaches ATMs.
Advertising reaches Hispanic parents through both traditional and non-traditional vehicles.
Advertising reaches more people than any other promotion medium.
Advertising reaches out to touch the fantasy part of people's lives.
Advertising reaches people through varied types of mass communication.
Advertising reaches potential new players.
Advertising really drives the golf business.
Advertising really is the grease that keeps the Internet moving.
Advertising redistributes income rather than increasing income.
Advertising reduces competition.
Advertising related to canines or canine products and services is most preferred.
Advertising relies on group effort.
Advertising remains at the center of the scenario and the revenue stream for much of Print Media.
Advertising replaces subscriptions as a business model.
Advertising requires cash, and international advertising requires foreign currency.
Advertising requires patience and maturity.
Advertising runs into the tens of thousands of dollars.
Advertising seeks to persuade rather than to inform.
Advertising seems especially trivial.
Advertising seems to be a melting pot.
Advertising seems to be the key reason.
Advertising seems to grease the skids to the sale.
Advertising sells a product, teaching sells education.
Advertising sells space and pays the bills.
Advertising sells things.
Advertising sends away visitors.
Advertising serves no useful economic function or purpose.
Advertising shows the very public face of the profession.
Advertising Sign up as our sponsor.
Advertising sold on the shelters pays for the amenities and their maintenance.
Advertising spend is high and focuses upon building brand.
Advertising spurs competition.
Advertising spurs continual product improvement.
Advertising sucks .
Advertising supports city buses.
Advertising supports the Web site.
Advertising supposedly creates demand.Other economists say that's bull.
Advertising surrounds it as well as the rest of the arena.
Advertising takes many forms.
Advertising takes on many forms whether a letter, mailbox flyer, a poster, or a banner.
Advertising takes on new meaning when it is more personally relevant to end-users.
Advertising takes some preparation as well.
Advertising takes time and persistence to work.
Advertising takes time to produce results.
Advertising takes time.
Advertising targeted towards families focuses on security.
Advertising tends to get cut in times of economic hardship.
Advertising tends to increase product quality.
Advertising There are all different kinds of commercials and advertisements.
Advertising There are many sites on the Web, all competing for attention.
Advertising There are many very good sites devoted to advertising.
Advertising there is to be a national awareness of opportunity for all eligible candidates.
Advertising transforms a yawn into a yearn.
Advertising tries to create just the opposite of a perfect market.
Advertising tries to generate desire by creating certain images that become consuming.
Advertising tries to make women increasingly uncomfortable in their lives.
Advertising typically is very expensive.
Advertising uses people to move products.
Advertising uses publicizing Alaska cruises.
Advertising uses subtle, often devious, messages to sell products.
Advertising using banners can be expensive.
Advertising View our current television and print ads.
Advertising Welcome to the Internet's fastest growing and best value advertising network.
Advertising Works A dvertising online is the newest way of reaching an unlimited audience.
Advertising works best and costs least when planned and prepared in advance.
Advertising works best for tangible products because customers can see the results.
Advertising works best when it is developed to meet one specific goal at a time.
Advertising works best when it's timely and consistent.
Advertising works somewhat the same way.
Advertising works when it's focused.
An advertising is publicity
Advertising always reflects only the facts and opinions of the people who pay for it.
Advertising often exploits women in the selling of products.
Advertising often gets a bad rap.
Advertising often pays.
Advertising often sponsors religious programs and productions on TV and radio.
Advertising often targets the product image to specific groups.
Advertising usually appears at the bottom of sent messages.
Advertising usually occupies at least half of a magazines' content.
All advertising accepted is done so in good faith.
All advertising accepted is subject to approval by the publisher.
All advertising accepted is subject to publishers approval.
All advertising accepted is subject to the approval of the publisher.
All advertising appears in both editions.
All advertising begins following receipt of payment.
All advertising begins on the first of each month.
All advertising carries the rating and a legend that defines that rating category.
All advertising closes five weeks prior to publication date.
All advertising consists of the interplay between, and sequencing of, such pace and lead elements.
All advertising copy subject to approval of the publisher.
All advertising copy subject to approval of the publishers.
All advertising copy subject to publisher s approval.
All advertising copy subject to publisher's approval.
All advertising depends upon the customer being ready, willing and able to respond to an ad.
All advertising does is create awareness and trial.
All advertising does.
All advertising identifying a competitor is affected.
All advertising is accepted subject to approval by the publisher.
All advertising is accepted subject to approval by the Publisher.
All advertising is accepted subject to approval of the publisher.
All advertising is accepted subject to approval or rejection by the publisher.
All advertising is accepted subject to the approval of the publisher.
All advertising is accepted subject to the law as it is in force from time to time.
All advertising is based on availability.
All advertising is billed on a monthly basis.
All advertising is black and white only.
All advertising is cash prior to publication unless prior approval has been granted.
All advertising is cash with order unless credit has been established.
All advertising is confidential until published.
All advertising is coordinated here.
All advertising is designed to trigger our impulses.
All advertising is done through the student paper or flyers mailed to faculty and staff.
All advertising is equal.
All advertising is for one month unless otherwise noted.
All advertising is geared to the vortal's content.
All advertising is good.
All advertising is in the form of simple word links.
All advertising is intended only for the United Kingdom market.
All advertising is intended only for the United States and Canadian markets.
All advertising is intended solely for the Wisconsin market.
All advertising is invoiced on the day of publication.
All advertising is limited to companies and products related to the sixthscale hobby.
All advertising is non-cancelable.
All advertising is noncommissionable.
All advertising is non-refundable.
All advertising is nonrefundable.
All advertising is now lifetime.
All advertising is on a first come first serve basis, no exceptions.
All advertising is on a month to month contract.
All advertising is on a per case basis.
All advertising is on an ala' carte basis.
All advertising is paid in advance.
All advertising is payable in advance of placement.
All advertising is payable in advance unless a credit account is established.
All advertising is payable in advance unless a schedule is worked out as part of the contract.
All advertising is payable in advance unless credit has been approved prior to insertion.
All advertising is payable in advance unless credit has been arranged.
All advertising is payable in advance until credit has been established.
All Advertising is payable in advance until credit is approved.
All advertising is payable in advance.
All advertising is payable in full in advance at time of placement.
All advertising is prepaid and based on space availability.
All advertising is prepaid.
All advertising is purchased on a monthly basis.
All advertising is quoted bi-annually.
All advertising is removed from the entire site.
All advertising is run on a prepaid, flat fee basis, and minimum run is one month.
All advertising is sold on a first-come.
All advertising is sold on a flat fee basis, and minimum run is one month.
All advertising is sold on a monthly rather than per-impression basis.
All advertising is sold on a pre-paid basis.
All advertising is subject to acceptance and approval by the publisher.
All advertising is subject to acceptance by On Wisconsin 's editorial review committee.
All advertising is subject to acceptance by publisher.
All advertising is subject to advertiser's approval.
All advertising is subject to applicable federal, state and local laws.
All advertising is subject to approval by management.
All advertising is subject to approval by publisher.
All advertising is subject to approval by sales management.
All advertising is subject to approval by the publisher and the tenets specified by the rate card.
All advertising is subject to approval by the publisher.
All advertising is subject to approval by the Publisher.
All advertising is subject to approval of the publisher.
All advertising is subject to approval.
All advertising is subject to content review and acceptance standards.
All advertising is subject to credit approval.
All advertising is subject to editing for the standardization of punctuation, abbreviation, etc.
All advertising is subject to editorial approval.
All advertising is subject to final approval of publisher.
All advertising is subject to our publisher's approval.
All advertising is subject to prior approval before acceptance and publication.
All advertising is subject to prior approval.
All advertising is subject to prior credit approval.
All advertising is subject to publisher approval.
All advertising is subject to publisher's approval .
All advertising is subject to publisher's approval and acceptance or refusal is without recourse.
All advertising is subject to publisher's approval regarding text, illustration and character.
All advertising is subject to publisher's approval.
All advertising is subject to restrictions.
All advertising is subject to review before acceptance.
All advertising is subject to space availability and editing.
All advertising is subject to terms of the current rate card.
All advertising is subject to the approval of the editor and publisher.
All advertising is subject to the approval of the editors.
All advertising is subject to the approval of the officers of the church.
All advertising is subject to the approval of the publisher.
All advertising is subject to the editor's approval before publication.
All advertising is subject to the editor's approval.
All advertising is subject to the following terms and conditions.
All advertising is subject to the publisher s approval.
All advertising is subject to the publisher' s approval.
All advertising is subject to the publisher's approval.
All advertising is subject to the terms and conditions of the rate card.
All advertising is subject to the terms of newspaper's rate card.
All advertising is submitted subject to publishers' approval.
All advertising is tax deductible.
All advertising is to be honest and factual.
All advertising is to be paid in advance unless prior credit has been established.
All advertising is to be payed in full at start of contract.
All advertising needs to be paid in advance.
All advertising requires a signed insertion order.
All advertising requires pre-payment prior to publication.
All advertising sold comes with complete transparent tracking.
All advertising submitted for publication is subject to the terms set forth herein.
All advertising submitted is subject to approval.
All advertising submitted is subject to credit review and restriction.
All advertising submitted is subject to credit review and restrictions.
All advertising works.
Any advertising is good.
Most advertising fails because it is so damned boring.
Most advertising falls into the style category of argument.
Most advertising is a lie to sell a product.
Most advertising is done in local newspapers and on local radio and television.
Most advertising is essentially myth-making.
Most advertising is flat-out boring.
Most advertising is garbage.
Most advertising is paid in advance.
Most advertising is passive and one-way.
Most advertising is premised on interruption.
Most advertising is unaccountable.
Most advertising proclaims their product to be the best.
Most advertising sets up maximum expectations.
Much advertising is done in reaction to the marketplace, or as a response to a competitor's actions.
Much advertising is of the nonrational, image, variety.
Some advertising actually pays for itself.
Some advertising being targeted toward older adults recommends liquid dietary supplements.
Some advertising eventually pays off.
Some advertising is beamed explicitly on the young, even from their earliest teens.
Some advertising is designed to induce trust.
Some advertising is disguised as information.
Some advertising is done for members by the company.
Some advertising is done in the key car magazines.
Some advertising is included, but what the heck, it's free.
Advertorial space is available in all tab-size supplements.
Advertorials are ads.
Advertorials are advertisements, which take the form of web site copy.
Advertorials are available at all pages at our site except for the home page.
Advertorials generally have a good track record.
Advertorials seem to work.
Advertorials yield less traffic, but better traffic.
An advertorial is an advertising
Advice columns are sections naturally read after consulting the daily horoscopes in newspapers.
Advice columns are very popular in many newspapers and magazines.
Advice columns can be funny.
Advice columns work on the premise of reasonable expectation.
Advice columnists know little about what really matters in the world.
Advice columnists know nothing.
Advice Ask for or offer advice on writing to fellow board members.
Advice bases on experience.
Advice bases on own experience.
Advice can appear conflicting because the child has good as well as bad days.
Advice can be demonstrative.
Advice can be graphical.
Advice can be indistinguishable from gamesmanship.
Advice can be surprisingly hard to find.
Advice can be verbal .
Advice can include responses to outlines and bibliographies prepared by the student.
Advice can range from answering questions to assistance for the total program.
Advice can sometimes be harmful instead of helpful.
Advice centres to provide information and advice in a dyslexia friendly format.
Advice comes after communicating understanding.
Advice comes from a very strange direction.
Advice comes from every corner.
Advice comes from our books.
Advice comes from respected professionals at top newspapers, professors and writing coaches.
Advice comes in the form of understandings, reservations, amendments, conditions, and the like.
Advice concerning sterilization problems is available.
Advice concerning the risks of cross infection and contagion is important.
Advice covers all of a child's stages of development from infancy to adulthood.
Advice covers numerous relevant college-planning topics.
Advice covers structuring, tax planning and business negotiations.
Advice emerges from data collected from all types of inspection.
Advice enables code re-use.
Advice Find a car that has had minimal modifications.
Advice Find support from parents and professionals.
Advice flows tactfully and is received graciously.
Advice Follow the suggested order of tasks in working on the project.
Advice Get access to advice on employment issues, and setting up a private practice.
Advice get lots of rest before coming come early and stay late.
Advice Get money-saving advice on shopping, financing and insurance.
Advice Get some free advice Free advice is always the best.
Advice Give credit where credit is due.
Advice given here is given free of charge and in a spirit of service.
Advice given in consultations is professional but non-directive.
Advice given in each chapter is practical and to the point.
Advice given is independent.
Advice given is valid here as well.
Advice given on the internet is no substitute for expert medical advice.
Advice Gives basic strategy information as well as information on comps and rules.
Advice has answers.
Advice has moral power.
Advice Have a question, Get an Answer.
Advice helps perspective.
Advice includes child-teacher communication strategies, attitude, and parent sensitivity.
Advice includes dietary changes and other recommendations.
Advice includes evaluation of alternatives, pesticide selection, spray timing, and contracting.
Advice includes gardening communities and chats, postcards, kids stuff, and photos.
Advice includes safety measures and legal info on NH restraining orders and victims' compensation.
Advice includes sexuality, self-esteem, marriage, life and love issues.
Advice includes using paper tickets, because they are easier to exchange than electronic ones.
Advice includes where to locate a business, trends to consider and how to make a marketing plan.
Advice is a dangerous gift, it is better to receive it than it is to give it.
Advice is a difficult subject.
Advice is a form of catharsis.
Advice is a form of insecurity.
Advice is a form of nostalgia.
Advice is a form of support.
Advice is a noun, advise is a verb.
Advice is a proposal
Advice is aimed at beginners to advanced.
Advice is also available about health and safety in the use of non-ionising radiations.
Advice is also available for fieldwork recording in conjunction with hiring of recording equipment.
Advice is also available free by e-mail.
Advice is also available in resum writing and preparing for an interview.
Advice is also available on a wide range of litigation issues.
Advice is also available on issues concerning, income tax, patents and inventions.
Advice is also available on matters such as plot sales and granting and taking of tenancies.
Advice is also available on starting Psychology courses.
Advice is also available on the use of information technology in geoscience.
Advice is also available online about developing a structured approach to self improvement.
Advice is also available to members on our helpline.
Advice is also very welcome if anyone has worked with native copper.
Advice is always available concerning landlords and housing problems.
Advice is always available for mounting crystals.
Advice is always available from the following telephone help lines.
Advice is always available in the club to guide the unwary purchaser in the right direction.
Advice is always available to the novice competitor.
Advice is always available.
Advice is always easier to give than to take.
Advice is always free and sometimes that is what it's worth.
Advice is always FREE over the telephone.
Advice is always free.
Advice is always freely available.
Advice is always helpful.
Advice is always welcome.
Advice is an adjunct to the domain knowledge that underlies a given planning application.
Advice is another matter.
Advice is another service offered, which can often involve on-site visits to affected areas.
Advice is appreciated.
Advice is at hand from the the UK office.
Advice is available by email.
Advice is available by telephone or on the web.
Advice is available comparing databases and the library catalogue and on how to use databases .
Advice is available for all applicants.
Advice is available for career guidance, resume writing, accessing job listings, etc.
Advice is available for fieldwork recording in conjunction with the hiring of recording equipment.
Advice is available for resume writing and interview techniques.
Advice is available for students applying for support through Disabled Student Allowance.
Advice is available for the purchase of specialist telephone equipment.
Advice is available from a number of organizations.
Advice is available from college or departmental offices.
Advice is available from the help desk.
Advice is available from the regional caving organisation or local clubs.
Advice is available on all aspects of irradiation and analysis.
Advice is available on choice of appropriate modules and their sequencing.
Advice is available on how to eat to control weight, blood cholesterol levels, and blood pressure.
Advice is available on how to suggest new enzymes for listing, or corrections of existing entries.
Advice is available on problems as diverse as touching to obsessions.
Advice is available on the importance of seating and positioning.
Advice is available on the most popular search engines or relevant resources for particular brands.
Advice is available on the opportunities.
Advice is available on topics such as storage techniques, exhibition materials, and object housings.
Advice is available to assist property owners in determining what work is acceptable.
Advice is available to both students and parents alike.
Advice is available to employers on a range of cross-border recruitment issues.
Advice is available to owner-occupiers with mortgage dificulties, debt or other problems.
Advice is available to schools wishing to purchase audio visual equipment.
Advice is balanced and where possible telephone contact numbers are provided.
Advice is based on the experience of the writer.
Advice is based on the principle that all blood and body fluids are potentially infectious.
Advice is based on years of experience from policy holders and agents alike.
Advice is basically disrespectful.
Advice is cheap.
Advice is confirmed in writing and checked by a senior adviser.
Advice is Developed By . . . . . .
Advice is difficult enough to take when it is requested.
Advice is easy to give but hard to follow.
Advice is easy to give.
Advice is everywhere, and there is no where to hide.
Advice is everywhere.
Advice is for guidance only.
Advice is free and confidential, and interpreters can be arranged, if necessary.
Advice is free and friendly.
Advice is free and worth every penny.
Advice is free and, more importantly impartial .
Advice is free or available for a nominal fee, and some problems can be dealt with by e-mail.
Advice is free, and the company is good.
Advice is free, independent and confidential.
Advice is free.
Advice is freely and generously given.
Advice is given about buying a microscope.
Advice is given about how fathers can be involved.
Advice is given and many letters are answered.
Advice is given as to their future.
Advice is given at the office or by telephone, free of charge .
Advice is given based on information submitted.
Advice is given both on litigious and non-litigious matters.
Advice is given by instructors.
Advice is given by the authors on methods to avoid fetal scalpel injuries.
Advice is given by the commission and is acted upon.
Advice is given during the programme to all participants about the upgrading process.
Advice is given especially in the fields of strategy and technology strategy.
Advice is given for researchers on ethical, methodological and practical issues.
Advice is given for the effective selection and use of layout, color, sound, and graphics.
Advice is given free of charge.
Advice is given freely and no responsibility is taken whatsoever.
Advice is given if repairs are needed.
Advice is given immediately.
Advice is given on a variety of subjects from self-esteem to education.
Advice is given on academic, personal and cultural concerns to enrolled students.
Advice is given on all aspects of pre-press production.
Advice is given on an informal basis, free and confidentially.
Advice is given on choosing a puppy, puppy care, and looking after the adult dog.
Advice is given on developing and carrying out a maintenance plan.
Advice is given on family planning.
Advice is given on how to achieve a satisfactory installation via computer design.
Advice is given on how to deal with the problem if and when they actually occur. .
Advice is given on how to deal with the problem if and when they actually occur.
Advice is given on how to get out of a bad relationship and into a good one.
Advice is given on how to identify the affected transformers, and what action to take subsequently.
Advice is given on how to prioritize and plan activities most efficiently.
Advice is given on how to reduce the risk of contracting the disease.
Advice is given on how to use it.
Advice is given on insolvency related problems.
Advice is given on issues concerning marriage, divorce, child custody, inheritance, etc.
Advice is given on making the activities easier or harder to allow for differentiation.
Advice is given on most areas of law.
Advice is given on negotiating and working with an auditor and on preparing for the audit.
Advice is given on refrigerants, stand-by generators, heating, lighting and ventilation.
Advice is given on the reporting of adverse reactions.
Advice is given on the right choice of equipment.
Advice is given on ways to structure the training sessions.
Advice is given on which activities are suitable for which types of organization.
Advice is given on working in conjunction with medical professionals.
Advice is given only when asked for.
Advice is given regarding implementation of new guidelines.
Advice is given to all non semi truck drivers.
Advice is given to assist with planning, costing and making applications.
Advice is given to both men and women on avoiding rape.
Advice is given to help plan a successful answer.
Advice is given to members regarding economic, legal and practical queries.
Advice is given to our members regarding research methodology.
Advice is given to student delegates to a campus activities programing convention.
Advice is given to the spiritual man as well as the physical man.
Advice is given to undergraduates on a walk-in basis.
Advice is given to write formal documents to prevent minor problems from occurring.
Advice is given where requested by members.
Advice is given without warranty and recipient assumes all risks of use.
Advice is given.
Advice is here .
Advice is in preparation.
Advice is included on creating and posting resumes on electronic web sites.
Advice is included on exam technique.
Advice is inconsistent.
Advice is intended for home or hobby horticulturists only.
Advice is just a click away.
Advice is just a disguised form of nostalgia.
Advice is largely free.
Advice is legal information given to a person along with a recommended course of action.
Advice is legal information given to a person with a recommended course of action.
Advice is like castor oil, easy to give, but dreadful to take.
Advice is like kissing.
Advice is located in doctors.
Advice is much appreciated, thanks.
Advice is much easier to give than to heed, but it is vital to take a break every so often.
Advice is non-specific and readers are advised to seek professional advice for personal problems.
Advice is of necessity of a general nature.
Advice is offered about liaising with support staff.
Advice is offered for a wide range of projects.
Advice is offered from one source and fulfillment is offered from another.
Advice is offered on choosing and conditioning breeding stock.
Advice is offered on choosing and preparing for suitable English language exams.
Advice is offered on how to assess the coursework, oral presentations and exam scripts.
Advice is offered on how to avoid and overcome boredom.
Advice is offered on how to start online.
Advice is offered on modeling techniques, meshing, and evaluation of results.
Advice is offered on planning geology field trips, including sources of information.
Advice is offered on securing parental safety at home, housing options, and juggling obligations.
Advice is offered on subjects including how to talk with children or with witnesses of the event.
Advice is offered to potential collegians and their parents.
Advice is offered to serious researchers or organisations intending to undertake a research project.
Advice is offered.
Advice is often both cheap and profuse.
Advice is often easier to accept if it comes from peers rather than from the prof.
Advice is on an individual and confidential basis.
Advice is on hand from experienced engineers.
Advice is one click away.
Advice is ongoing.
Advice is practical and comprehensive.
Advice is practical and informed.
Advice is practical, current, and comprehensive.
Advice is presented on the qualities of the therapist and the organisation of the salon.
Advice is proposals.
Advice is provided about all routes to gaining CIPD qualifications.
Advice is provided by doctors.
Advice is provided by licensed family counselors and behavior specialists.
Advice is provided by medical practitioners and pharmaceutical companies.
Advice is provided directly by senior attorneys , experienced in their areas of expertise.
Advice is provided free of charge without application of the means test or merit test.
Advice is provided on developing and implementing a business plan.
Advice is provided on disease management and any further testing required for specific problems.
Advice is provided on how to find a summer camp, program or job.
Advice is provided on how to structure and organize a full proposal.
Advice is provided on identifying and correcting drinking water quality problems.
Advice is provided on local restaurants.
Advice is provided on stock status, and on the implications of fishing practices.
Advice is provided to active duty, dependents, retirees and dependents .
Advice is provided to public agencies on the methodologies being considered for utilization.
Advice is published monthly, and articles are subscribers only.
Advice is readily available - please ask if in any doubt.
Advice is relevant and well thought out.
Advice is requested as to whether the royalties are income from California sources.
Advice is requested on taxpayer's resident status for California income tax purposes.
Advice is responsible for returning a value on behalf of proc .
Advice is seen as an insult, and counsel as a contraction of their agency.
Advice is serious, thorough and practical.
Advice is softer.
Advice is sought as early as possible to ensure the process is properly coordinated.
Advice is sought as to whether the gain is taxable as income from California sources.
Advice is sound and well-documented, primarily targetting local faculty.
Advice is specific to the species and size of fish.
Advice is tailored to suit the individual's needs.
Advice is taken gracefully and selectively, and decisions are made in an appropriate way.
Advice is the fuel that makes the industry grow.
Advice is the noun form.
Advice is the number one enemy of breastfeeding mothers.
Advice is the place to get information on a wide range of business topics.
Advice is therefore a major part of our work.
Advice is therefore very much from hands-on experience.
Advice is to cull heavily to take advantage of good prices and reduce stocking pressure over summer.
Advice is to whereever possible watch baggage being loaded and unloaded.
Advice is topical and regularly updated.
Advice is usually shorter than self-justification, more welcome, and more likely to be used.
Advice is welcome here.
Advice is welcome.
Advice is what accountants get paid for.
Advice is worthless.
Advice is, in fact, a sort of exhortation.
Advice isa proposal.
Advice Keep page file sizes small - use graphics carefully.
Advice leaflets good but incomplete.
Advice Learn as much math and science as possible.
Advice likes toward the doctor both invite practice jerseys.
Advice Make several sketches of possible gardens before selecting one.
ADViCE meets the demand for shorter development cycles in the field of embedded system development.
Advice Never stop learning and work as a team member.
Advice paying against none child therefore think basketball hoop set.
Advice paying against none child therefore think cavaliers clothing.
Advice paying against none child therefore think Embroidered baseball cap.
Advice paying against none child therefore think soccer net.
Advice paying against none child therefore think syarcuse memorabilia.
Advice Pick something to shoot for.
Advice pours out of the radio.
Advice provides benefits.
Advice push away one society therefore lend wolverines merchandises.
Advice ranges from proper handling of eating utensils to how to manage spaghetti and finger foods.
Advice ranges from rape prevention to vacation safeguards.
Advice Read the book before it is covered in class.
Advice Read the section before it is covered in class.
Advice reads outside a instrument how earn Canned food whiskas.
Advice regarding furniture for the homeworker is also available.
Advice regarding the academic major is available in each appropriate department.
Advice regarding visits and other information is also readily available.
Advice require off one knot once reads Cheerleading sneakers.
Advice revitalizes hair to recall natural body and gives hair a shiny, healthy look and feel.
Advice runs the gamut from general to very specific.
Advice Take a hint.
Advice think from none child therefore decay gators jackets.
Advice transcends generations to include the family members directed by clients.
Advice Use the internet as a tool.
Advice When researching information, take notes about the muralists.
Advice Work hard, play hard.
Advices here given only belong to such as truly desire to lead internal lives.
Advice Always have a goal.
Advice Always use the very best, most advanced compiler available.
All advice given during the first phase of data analysis is free.
All advice given is relevant and worth following.
All advice is appreciated.
All advice is bad, and good advice is fatal.
All advice is confidential and is provided by a team of trained advisors.
All advice is confidential.
All advice is free and impartial.
All advice is free and is given in complete confidence.
All advice is free.
All advice is given in good faith but without responsibilty.
All advice is given in good faith.
All advice is impartial, confidential and tailored to meet individual needs.
All advice is in the form of a written response.
All advice is meant to be unbiased and for the benefit of the reader.
All advice is non-binding and intended to be merely informational.
All advice is offered by fully qualified independent financial advisers.
All advice is straight forward and to the point.
All advice is strictly confidential, unbiased and free from our trained staff.
All advice is welcome.
All advice is well-informed and impartial.
All advice provided is designed for information purposes only.
Any advice advocating memorization of starting hand charts is a recipe for permanent mediocrity.
Any advice given by others is likely to confuse things and give rise to self-doubt.
Any advice given by our site is a personal opinion only and of an educational nature.
Any advice given is meant to be directed towards the individual requesting the information.
Any advice is also, of course, free.
Any advice is appreciated.
Any advice is better than none.
Any advice is good advice.
Any advice is great.
Any advice is helpful.
Any advice is is appreciated.
Any advice is more than welcome.
Any advice is most appreciated, thanks.
Any advice is much appreciated.
Any advice is much appriciated.
Any advice is solicited.
Any advice is to be used at the users own discretion.
Any advice is very much appreciated.
Any advice is welcome also.
Any advice is welcome and appreciated.
Any advice is welcome, especially on pricing, type of paint, stencils, advertising, etc.
Any advice is welcome, thanks.
Any advice is welcome.
ANy advice is welcome.
ANY advice is welcome.
Any advice is welcomed and appreciated.
Any advice is welcomed.
Any advice offered here is for general guidance only.
Any advice provided by an employee of the Provider is provided in good faith.
More advice is thus a welcome addition to the game.
Most advice concerning knife care seems obvious.
Most advice has answers.
Most advice helps perspective.
Most advice is given by instructors.
Most advice is given with pristine intent, but givers have their own agenda.
Most advice is provided by doctors.
Most advice is tailored towards industry consumption or based on an attempt to sell.
Most advice provides benefits.
Much advice gives many cures.
Some advice comes from agencies.
Some advice even goes so far as to suggest low-fat alternatives to holiday favorites.
Some advice gives in articles.
Some advice here is suspect, however.
Some advice is given by physicians.
Some advice is given or none at all.
Some advice is more clever than other.
Some advice is provided by dentists.
Some advice is provided by physicians.
Some advice is provided by vets.
Some advice is right on target, while some readers simply offer support and encouragement.
Some advice is so bad that it can be spotted right off.
Some advice is unrealistic.
Some advice is worth hearing a second time.
Some advice provides bud entrepreneurs.
Some advice provides entrepreneurs.
Some advice relates to disorder.
Some advice relates to urinary disorder.
Some advice still holds true today.
Some advice Warm up and break-in.
Some advices please.
Advisable attire includes dark or natural colored clothing with serviceable footwear.
Advisable protection includes collar, upper arm, kidney and hip padding.
Advisees are people.
Advisees are to consult with their adviser at least once a semester.
Advisees can expect to get grade reports on or shortly after the end of the semester.
Advisees sit with their advisors in our daily chapel services.
An advisee is a person
Advisers accept that one of the goals of education is to introduce students to the world of ideas.
Advisers access both preliminary and final transfer credit information.
Advisers act as friends and contacts throughout the first term.
Advisers adequately document advising contacts to facilitate subsequent advising interactions.
Advisers aid students in the use of all of the departmental and support services of the institution.
Advisers also act as all-purpose tutors and offer advice about study skills and academic planning.
Advisers also affect students' lives through unofficial functions.
Advisers also can help identify appropriate courses for enrollment at the guest institution.
Advisers also can help students with academic problems and in locating internships.
Advisers also have to 'know their customers'.
Advisers also help companies find research partners for collaborative projects.
Advisers also help counsel students in decisions regarding a graduate school or career.
Advisers also help with academic problems and acquaint students with campus resources.
Advisers also offer hour-long workshops on applying to c gep and applying to university.
Advisers also participate extensively in work evaluations.
Advisers also represent the first line of communication between parents and the school.
Advisers also serve a liaisons between the professional school and the student.
Advisers are accountable for the information and advice they provide.
Advisers are also a good starting point for looking at career options.
Advisers are also available by appointment for consultation.
Advisers are also available for consultation.
Advisers are also available to help adult students begin or resume their college educations.
Advisers are authority.
Advisers are available at the campus to help with class selection.
Advisers are available by appointment or on a walk-in basis.
Advisers are available by appointment.
Advisers are available during regularly scheduled office hours.
Advisers are available during specified office hours throughout the academic year.
Advisers are available for scheduled appointments or walk-in advising throughout the week.
Advisers are available in person and by telephone.
Advisers are available on an appointment or drop-in basis.
Advisers are available on each campus.
Advisers are available on site during in-person registration.
Advisers are available throughout the year for consultation about courses and the major.
Advisers are available to assist students in preparing class schedules.
Advisers are available to assist with planning and to make suggestions.
Advisers are available to help students assess and set their long-term goals.
Advisers are available to help students complete a class schedule each semester.
Advisers are available to help students plan their program of study.
Advisers are available to render assistance and provide accurate infromation.
Advisers are available to work with individuals regardless of their interests.
Advisers are both military and civilian.
Advisers are empathetic and available to their advisees.
Advisers are experts in university, college and major requirements.
Advisers are facilitators and mediators.
Advisers are in the best position to assess the value of an internship for a student's education.
Advisers are members of the faculty or staff of the college in which students are enrolled.
Advisers are on duty to help with independent language learning.
Advisers are prepared to talk to callers, confidentially, on any issue of concern.
Advisers are present to help develop goals.
Advisers are responsible for informing students of the appropriate course of action.
Advisers are responsible for involving others, where appropriate, in the advising process.
Advisers are responsible for their own hotel reservations.
Advisers are responsible to higher education generally.
Advisers are responsible to their professional role as advisers and to themselves personally.
Advisers are there to make registration easier.
Advisers are there to suggest and provoke a higher level of thinking about academic choices.
Advisers are usually available by appointment or on a drop-in basis during office hours.
Advisers are usually faculty with backgrounds or specialties related to women's studies.
Advisers are valuable resources.
Advisers are wary of such triumphalism.
Advisers are welcome and can sign up for door prizes, too.
Advisers assist and counsel students in choosing their courses.
Advisers assist concentrators in selecting courses and also sign study cards.
Advisers bear no legal responsibility for organzational operations.
Advisers believe credit cards are too easily available.
Advisers benefit from being part of a national register of accredited advisers.
Advisers can also assist students making course decisions after the first year.
Advisers can also inform students of their rights and responsibilities.
Advisers can also respond to students who are in stages of transition.
Advisers can assist with both occupational internships and career opportunities.
Advisers can assist with outlines, opening paragraphs, overall structure, and final review.
Advisers can be helpful to students in choosing electives and in making plans for selecting a major.
Advisers can help in selecting appropriate courses.
Advisers can help new members and leaders remember how things have been done in the past.
Advisers can help resolve any problem areas.
Advisers can help student leaders focus on making commitments and finding common purpose.
Advisers can help students at any level of decision-making, and there are other resources on campus.
Advisers can help students choose the major that best suits the students' academic and career goals.
Advisers can help students decide what subjects they like and help plan a course of study.
Advisers can help students discover the possibilities.
Advisers can help students make realistic choices and maintain steady progress toward a degree.
Advisers can inform students of special area requirements and procedures.
Advisers can offer guidance in developing career goals.
Advisers can provide detailed information during individual advising sessions.
Advisers can supply information about ram breeders who can already supply resistant sheep.
Advisers change annually and by semester.
Advisers charge one of two ways.
Advisers covered include banks, other financial advisers and lawyers.
Advisers deal primarily with academic questions.
Advisers develop skills for taking care of themselves physically, emotionally and spiritually.
Advisers do know of the law.
Advisers encourage students to be responsible for their own success and progress.
Advisers expect two things, primarily, from a broker.
Advisers fight it out.
Advisers get a return on their investment of time, advice and networking in many ways.
Advisers get to know their students, discussing classes and current events, internships and ideas.
Advisers guide rather than censor.
Advisers have lists of suggested courses.
Advisers have lists of the appropriate courses for each option.
Advisers have no executive authority and are unpaid.
Advisers have no legal authority and assume no liability.
Advisers have office hours posted on their doors.
Advisers have the flexibility to explore new areas.
Advisers have thorough training.
Advisers have to search the form for answers and important information can easily be missed.
Advisers help plan courses of study which consider the pressures of work and family.
Advisers help students develop a perception of themselves and their relationship to the future.
Advisers help students incorporate their internship products into their portfolios upon completion.
Advisers help students select appropriate combinations of classes to fit their individual goals.
Advisers keep regular office hours throughout the school year.
Advisers meet and talk with both teachers and pupils on their visits to schools.
Advisers meet bi-weekly with students to discuss academic progress.
Advisers meet regularly with students.
Advisers meet with new students to discuss course selection.
Advisers meet with students individually several times per quarter.
Advisers meet with students individually several times per semester.
Advisers meet with students on a walk-in and appointment basis.
Advisers normally are faculty with a specialty in an appropriate area.
Advisers normally work with a limited number of students and are able to give individual guidance.
Advisers now say they failed to brace U.S. allies and the American public.
Advisers play a critical role in assisting students confront conflicts with respect and civility.
Advisers play a crucial role in the effective and efficient functioning of student organizations.
Advisers provide expertise in particular topic areas and advise on books to be included.
Advisers provide students with important schedule information.
Advisers provide value to their clients in a number of ways.
Advisers receive a copy of the completed form.
Advisers recognize the changing nature of the college and university environment and student body.
Advisers recommend electives to strengthen students' education and complete their degree program.
Advisers respect the rights of students to have information about themselves kept confidential.
Advisers review manuals, complete checklist, do solvency test.
Advisers say taking such a long-term perspective is essential.
Advisers serve as the most knowledgeable resource for students in their major programs of study.
Advisers set up shop.
Advisers suggest lining up additional clients ahead of time or dealing with several at once.
Advisers take satisfaction in the intellectual and personal growth of their advisees.
Advisers understand and can explain degree requirements in the major in which they are advising.
Advisers understand the personal demands which accompany the human services aspects of advising.
Advisers work in conjunction with college representatives from each college.
Advisers work in partnership with students to assist in developing an appropriate academic program.
Advisers work with students on the skills which are basic to effective study at university level.
An adviser is authority
Advisers often get their intelligence directly from the fund or fund manager.
All advisers are faculty members, representing a variety of academic disciplines.
All advisers have equal influence in project decision-making.
Any adviser is welcome.
Many advisers prefer simple payment to a beneficiary.
Many advisers recommend instalment gearing - borrowing in small parcels, or instalments.
Many advisers say that's a good idea.
Many advisers seem to think so.
Most advisers respond via leisurely e-mail.
Most advisers see financial statements as the end product of the work they do for clients.
Some advisers are only able to offer assistance on basic form filling.
Some advisers baldly counsel trying to fight price transparency.
Some advisers charge a large upfront fee, then a smaller fee for subsequent annual visits.
Some advisers charge an hourly rate for the time spent providing financial advice.
Some advisers develop a detailed written plan, also called a personal financial analysis.
Some advisers fall under the scrutiny of specific groups.
Some advisers give financial workshops at local temples, mosques, or churches.
Some advisers post their hours on their office door.
Some advisers recommend rebalancing twice a year, but doing it at least annually is essential.
Some advisers remain cool to variable annuities.
Some advisers specialize in particular areas such as retirement or business planning.
Some advisers use a fee-offset payment model.
Most advising centers offer helpful predeparture orientations for new international students .
Advisor compensation is based on commission and fees.
Advisor consultation is required.
Advisor groups meet twice a cycle to discuss issues and topics relevant to early adolescence.
Advisor takes care of academic problems.
Advisor takes responsibility for keeping advising file updated.
Advisor teaches about schedule planning and student takes responsibility for planning own schedule.
Advisor teaches student how to register self.
Advisor teaches student problem-solving techniques.
Advisors accept that one of the goals of education is to introduce students to the world of ideas.
Advisors aid students in the use of all the departmental and support services of the institution.
Advisors aim to provide advice that is accurate, respectful, nonjudgmental, and realistic.
Advisors also are hand cuffed.
Advisors also assist in the selection and registration of the student's first-quarter classes.
Advisors also assist in the selection of goal validators.
Advisors also assist students in scheduling courses and developing career goals.
Advisors also assist students with course selections during preregistration and registration.
Advisors also assist with the registration process and promote a timely plan toward graduation.
Advisors also can discuss other law-related careers such as paralegal and court reporting.
Advisors also conduct services, coordinate programs, and assist student religious organizations.
Advisors also do academic presentations, special event programming and monthly newsletters.
Advisors also find time to meet and discuss the events and other things.
Advisors also focus on students' study habits and the clarification of educational goals.
Advisors also have campus email addresses and are accessible that way.
Advisors also have the capability to provide guidance at the operational level.
Advisors also help place students in internships or full-time jobs.
Advisors also help seniors review their programs to make sure they are on target for graduation.
Advisors also help students build individual strategies for academic success.
Advisors also help students find solutions to social and personal problems.
Advisors also help students who are encountering difficulty meeting their goals.
Advisors also help the students select classes for the semester.
Advisors also help with career development and the transfer process.
Advisors also lead students through the declaration of a major process.
Advisors also link past members and traditions with new members by providing continuity.
Advisors also maintain office hours in all the colleges.
Advisors also monitor the completion of breadth requirements.
Advisors also plan and learn about council, regional and national events.
Advisors also provide advice on a wide range of practical and personal matters.
Advisors also receive copies of all such letters.
Advisors also refer students to other academic, career, and personal resource centers on campus.
Advisors also refer students to other college resources when special or additional help is needed.
Advisors also serve as a mentor in other aspects of the college experience.
Advisors also serve as a source of information.
Advisors also serve as counselors regarding the student s personal development and welfare.
Advisors also serve as counselors regarding the student's personal development and welfare.
Advisors also serve as coun-selors regarding the student's personal development and welfare.
Advisors also serve as student advocates in the areas of housing and financial aid.
Advisors also teach a writing course to advisees.
Advisors also work to slice estate taxes.
Advisors answer questions, provide advice, and serve as role models for the collegians.
Advisors approve electives before they are taken.
Advisors are a campus resource that help clubs define projects and set goals.
Advisors are a great starting point for most issues and on-campus referrals.
Advisors are a safety net.
Advisors are advisors.
Advisors are advocates for students.
Advisors are agricultural education teachers in public high schools.
Advisors are all volunteers and some are actually funded and paid by the credit companies.
Advisors are also available during drop-in time for brief consultations.
Advisors are also available during evening hours.
Advisors are also available for more in-depth careers guidance appointments.
Advisors are also available in the evening by appointment only.
Advisors are also available to students who are seeking to become certified as teachers.
Advisors are also available.
Advisors are also excellent resources for career, job opportunities, and specialization questions.
Advisors are also in regular contact with parents regarding the progress of their advisees.
Advisors are also the first line of discipline.
Advisors are always available to provide academic advice and assistance.
Advisors are always available to provide academic counselling as needed.
Advisors are always available.
Advisors are always on hand to give technical assistance.
Advisors are an important reference source for completing the clinical program.
Advisors are another key component.
Advisors are available as resource persons or just as somebody to talk to.
Advisors are available at all campuses where business courses are offered.
Advisors are available at regular registration.
Advisors are available both on a walk-in and appointment basis.
Advisors are available by appointment and appointments can be made electronically.
Advisors are available by appointment or on a walk-in basis.
Advisors are available by appointment throughout the week.
Advisors are available by appointment to help students with transfer information.
Advisors are available by appointment.
Advisors are available by phone, e-mail or in person during office hours.
Advisors are available by telephone, email or by appointment.
Advisors are available daily on a first-come, first served basis.
Advisors are available during daytime or evening hours by appointment or walk-in.
Advisors are available during office hours for questions or special help.
Advisors are available during posted office hours.
Advisors are available during regular office hours and at scheduled times for advising meetings.
Advisors are available during regularly scheduled office hours.
Advisors are available during their office hours or by appointment.
Advisors are available during their posted office hours and during registration.
Advisors are available either during posted office hours or by appointment.
Advisors are available for advice and consultation.
Advisors are available for all pre-professional students for consultation and further information.
Advisors are available for consultation at any time during posted hours.
Advisors are available for consultations during office hours as posted.
Advisors are available for each degree program offered during the weekend.
Advisors are available for information, advice and support.
Advisors are available for scheduled appointments or walk-in advising throughout the week.
Advisors are available for telephone advising and by appointment.
Advisors are available for transcript evaluation and program planning.
Advisors are available if students have questions regarding their special programs.
Advisors are available in person and by telephone.
Advisors are available on a walk-in basis and by appointment throughout the year.
Advisors are available on a walk-in basis, as well as by scheduled appointments.
Advisors are available on a walk-in basis.
Advisors are available on a walk-in or appointment basis.
Advisors are available on all sites in the evening and weekends.
Advisors are available on an appointment basis.
Advisors are available on both a walk-in and appointment basis.
Advisors are available throughout the academic year and during the summer semester.
Advisors are available throughout the school year.
Advisors are available to all economics majors.
Advisors are available to answer questions and schedule appointments.
Advisors are available to answer questions on courses and financial aid.
Advisors are available to assist students in a variety of ways.
Advisors are available to assist students in developing their educational plans.
Advisors are available to assist students in exploring their options and designing their programs.
Advisors are available to assist students in planning their course work.
Advisors are available to assist the transfer students in planning and scheduling their coursework.
Advisors are available to assist with any questions.
Advisors are available to assist with course selection.
Advisors are available to assist with the selection of courses and admission to selected programs.
Advisors are available to discuss all aspects of the student's educational experiences.
Advisors are available to discuss and suggest alternative solutions to any financial problems.
Advisors are available to drop in students or by appointment.
Advisors are available to help guide new students through the admission process.
Advisors are available to help interpret the requirements and to assist in the admission process.
Advisors are available to help students shape academic and professional goals.
Advisors are available to help with the application process.
Advisors are available to meet as needed on an individual appointment basis.
Advisors are available to provide informal reviews of possible transfer credit.
Advisors are available to students at least three scheduled hours per week and by appointment.
Advisors are available to the student anytime during the semester to answer academic questions.
Advisors are busiest during early registration and at the beginning of the semester.
Advisors are business people.
Advisors are eager to help when they can.
Advisors are facilitators and mediators.
Advisors are faculty instructors in the student s curriculum department.
Advisors are faculty members that counsel students and serve as a resource for parents.
Advisors are familiar with rural, urban, and regional differences in all students.
Advisors are free to impose requirements on the final report.
Advisors are from outside the local community.
Advisors are genuinely interested in the lives of their advisees.
Advisors are green belts.
Advisors are high school guidance counselors who meet weekly with students in the target schools.
Advisors are human too.
Advisors are human.
Advisors are important because they provide continuity and perspective over time.
Advisors are in a position to help students identify their learning-related needs.
Advisors are in their offices during regular office hours.
Advisors are in touch with families at least twice a month.
Advisors are individually responsible for their students and they make parental contact.
Advisors are knowledgeable about medical treatment, legal procedures, and emotional support.
Advisors are members of the academic faculty.
Advisors are more useful, and news is more easily accessible.
Advisors are most helpful when kept informed of the student s interests and career goals.
Advisors are often professional engineers from private industry, government and universities.
Advisors are on call around the clock, on a rotating schedule.
Advisors are prepared to help each student plan a smooth transfer to another college.
Advisors are prepared to work with students from diverse cultural backgrounds.
Advisors are prepared to work with students with a variety of interests and intended majors.
Advisors are ready to help students plan their schedules and to provide counsel along the way.
Advisors are responsible for all club activities.
Advisors are responsible for approving in writing all requests of expenditures of funds.
Advisors are responsible for gathering both the major and supporting area questions.
Advisors are responsible for helping students improve their decision-making skills.
Advisors are responsible for informing students of appropriate courses of action.
Advisors are responsible for involving others, when appropriate, in the advising process.
Advisors are responsible for the programs below their name.
Advisors are responsible to higher education generally.
Advisors are responsible to the college or university in which they work.
Advisors are responsible to the students and individuals they serve.
Advisors are responsible to the students they serve.
Advisors are responsible to their professional role as advisors and to themselves personally.
Advisors are seen on a first come, first serve basis.
Advisors are subject to re-election.
Advisors are to be in their offices to assist with the advisement process.
Advisors are to be present for all club and organization activities.
Advisors are ultimately responsible for ensuring that their students clean up their sites.
Advisors are useful in the regard that they can offer other useful perspectives.
Advisors are welcome to attend as well.
Advisors are welcome to attend.
Advisors are, in effect, mentors and ambassadors of the school.
Advisors assist by helping identify and assess alternatives and consequences of decisions.
Advisors assist clients in reaching employment and educational goals.
Advisors assist in formulating programs and fulfilling major requirements.
Advisors assist in the admissions process and in program planning.
Advisors assist in the area of program content and purpose.
Advisors assist learners in selecting a problem, directing research, and writing the thesis.
Advisors assist residents as they progress through the training program.
Advisors assist students in choosing courses and planning their academic programs .
Advisors assist students in developing academic programs and in adjusting to university life.
Advisors assist students in developing programs appropriate to their backgrounds and career goals.
Advisors assist students in finding majors appropriate to their talents and interests.
Advisors assist students in making a successful transition to college life.
Advisors assist students to insure that such courses meet the requirements for the CPA exam.
Advisors assist students to resolve concerns in both academic and personal areas.
Advisors assist students with a broad spectrum of problems, options, and queries.
Advisors assist students with class registration and other academic planning issues.
Advisors assist students with course selection prior to registration.
Advisors assist students with meeting graduation requirements.
Advisors assist Students with their schedules and approve their schedules.
Advisors assist with all aspects of American life.
Advisors assist with transfer courses, course selection and other academic issues.
Advisors assume their clients have a much higher level of understanding then they really have.
Advisors be knowledgeable of referrals available to students and refer students to proper resource.
Advisors become better informed and more involved in today's health insurance reform movement.
Advisors begins dumping out everyone's pack.
Advisors can access student information by using the Student Menu and Advisors Menu.
Advisors can adapt program to student needs.
Advisors can add information to, and pull information from, the system during an advising session.
Advisors can also assist a student through an academic or tuition appeal process.
Advisors can also counsel students about options for the future.
Advisors can also generate due-diligence reports tailored specifically to their client's needs.
Advisors can also help students find solutions to social and personal problems.
Advisors can also keep track of what students have taken electronically.
Advisors can also lend assistance in course selection and curriculum planning.
Advisors can approve many requests on the spot.
Advisors can approve the first repeat by simply approving the registration form.
Advisors can assist the student in tailoring a program suited to their goals.
Advisors can charge a flat fee, hourly rate or a retainer.
Advisors can discuss student and assist in clarification of goals, interests, and educational plans.
Advisors can explain the procedures.
Advisors can frequently provide basic information on programs and courses via email.
Advisors can furnish details.
Advisors can give basic help.
Advisors can have tables with topics that relate to their specific needs.
Advisors can help identify funding sources.
Advisors can help identify potential audiences.
Advisors can help in determining the best routes to use in fulfilling any academic plan.
Advisors can help students choose courses appropriate for graduate or professional school.
Advisors can help students in selecting courses.
Advisors can help their friends, family and neighbours find the best of everything.
Advisors can help with the technical aspects of the machines.
Advisors can include teachers, coaches, club, religious or civic leaders.
Advisors can link their sites to investment firms, or even to civic organizations.
Advisors can network with peers while growing in community with their youth.
Advisors can now focus on academic and career counseling.
Advisors can offer input on policy questions.
Advisors can offer input on site development plans.
Advisors can only help.
Advisors can open many doors for students.
Advisors can participate in beta testing.
Advisors can perform a degree audit of their advisee s academic history.
Advisors can present reports to their clients during portfolio reviews.
Advisors can provide comprehensive financial planning as well as advice on individual investments.
Advisors can provide helpful information about the student.
Advisors can serve consecutive terms.
Advisors can take what they have learned to their constituencies.
Advisors can then explore in more detail the requirements needed to address their clients' goals.
Advisors can then review students' course work to avoid last minute graduation crises.
Advisors can update information as necessary.
Advisors carefully monitor students development and progress.
Advisors change, but the kids carry on the tradition.
Advisors chat between waves of students.
Advisors check the computer system for course availability, then complete and sign the form.
Advisors closely monitor the academic progress of the students whom they advise.
Advisors come from industry and academia.
Advisors commonly help their students narrow their topics and suggest historical sources.
Advisors complete one graduation audit for a dual degree.
Advisors complete two graduation audits for double degree recipients.
Advisors consult with students on course selection and their academic program.
Advisors contribute to the expansion of skills and relationship values to the self-advocates.
Advisors coordinate with other offices on campus to provide the most comprehensive program possible.
Advisors cost money.
Advisors definitely get a thermorest.
Advisors depend on reliable information for long term success.
Advisors develop skills for taking care of themselves physically, emotionally, and spiritually.
Advisors discuss college academic policies regarding attendance, probation, and dismissals.
Advisors discuss options with students following transcript review.
Advisors distribute mid-term grades.
Advisors do little more than assist with completion of class schedules.
Advisors do more than just recommend courses.
Advisors don t always have up to date information in a student s file.
Advisors earn awards, gifts and incentive travel.
Advisors encourage class officers to take a more active role.
Advisors encourage students to be responsible for their own success and progress.
Advisors expect students to be actively engaged in the advising process.
Advisors fail to test their client's tolerance for charity.
Advisors fail to use ways to make gifts to heirs of assets by using tax-free annual exclusions.
Advisors get a bum rap.
Advisors get cumulative reports.
Advisors give personal attention and guidance.
Advisors give the PIN to individual advisees after they have discussed the next semester's courses.
Advisors guide candidates in the selection of languages.
Advisors guide students in selecting courses and even choosing a major.
Advisors guide students through the degree program, meeting on a regular basis.
Advisors have a default schedule that automatically posts for two months at a time.
Advisors have a huge resource in the financial planning departments in the home office.
Advisors have a lot of information to know.
Advisors have a major role to play in helping guide the student toward a good choice.
Advisors have access to the degree audit information on their computers.
Advisors have college degrees, often with backgrounds in customer service.
Advisors have convenient access to advisee records.
Advisors have current information on how best to satisfy competency requirements.
Advisors have lists of suggested courses.
Advisors have masters degrees in social work.
Advisors have no business evaluating their own students.
Advisors have no control over how seats in classes are apportioned to students.
Advisors have no legal authority and assume no liability.
Advisors have no teeth.
Advisors have no vote in meetings or elections.
Advisors have organizational and community knowledge.
Advisors have several individual conferences with their advisees.
Advisors have several responsibilities.
Advisors have the forms in their offices.
Advisors have the responsibility to advise.
Advisors have their own roundtables.
Advisors have to be very idealistic but life has things beyond money.
Advisors help employers and employees identify and address hazards in their workplaces.
Advisors help freshmen pick classes.
Advisors help students develop a perception of themselves and their relationship to the future.
Advisors help students make appropriate decisions concerning academic choices and career paths.
Advisors help students plan each semester's program of courses.
Advisors help students plan their academic careers.
Advisors help students prepare their schedules for every semester.
Advisors help students realize both their educational and personal potential.
Advisors help students schedule classes, determine a major and develop a resume.
Advisors help students select courses in the proper sequence to complete graduation requirements.
Advisors help students stay focused while they work toward a degree.
Advisors help students to obtain appropriate internship experiences.
Advisors help students to register and assist students in accomplishing their career goals.
Advisors help students with all of their academic needs.
Advisors help students with cultural adjustment, housing, and university admission.
Advisors help students with major and career decisions.
Advisors help students work out an efficient timeline for achieving a degree.
Advisors help the beginning teachers collect and analyze evidence of their classroom practice.
Advisors help the participant select the courses appropriate to one's career goals.
Advisors help with course recommendations and selection.
Advisors help with growth and development of students.
Advisors hold at least four office hours a week.
Advisors hold regular office hours.
Advisors introduce the concept of a racism-free zone to students at the beginning of each year.
Advisors is a Delaware corporation.
Advisors join advising group and mentor for discussion of a text.
Advisors keep abreast of current professional positions.
Advisors keep records of a student's progress in the department.
Advisors keep the yellow copy of the above-mentioned form.
Advisors make good points against pledging fraternities and sororities first year.
Advisors meet quarterly to review cases, share problems, and get informational updates.
Advisors meet with each first-year student at least once during the fall semester.
Advisors meet with enrolled students at their schools during school hours.
Advisors meet with new advisees individually.
Advisors meet with students as often as needed throughout the year.
Advisors meet with students on a regular basis to assess career goals and academic progress.
Advisors meet with their advisees monthly on the first day of each class.
Advisors monitor progress at weekly sessions between report cards.
Advisors monitor the academic and personal growth of their advisees in daily meetings.
Advisors monitor the academic progress of students.
Advisors monitor the students' academic progress.
Advisors monitor the student's progress toward completing their academic program.
Advisors normally work with a limited number of students and are able to give individual guidance.
Advisors offer assistance to both currently enrolled and prospective students on a year-round basis.
Advisors offer more accurate advice if they are acquainted with a student's academic progression.
Advisors offer requirements, planning schedules, and monitoring satisfactory academic progress.
Advisors offer years of experience, wisdom, and continuity to the chapter.
Advisors participate on the board distribution list.
Advisors pay for their accommodation and food on top of the conference cost.
Advisors plan and supervise all youth group activities.
Advisors play a key role in helping students to understand their role as a college student.
Advisors play a much more important role in the lives of students as did some of their predecessors.
Advisors play an important role in the mediation process.
Advisors play an important roll in student councils.
Advisors play several key roles.
Advisors please place copies of student's progress sheets in their teacher education files.
Advisors post office hours and are available by phone and E-mail.
Advisors post their office hours and are available by appointment.
Advisors present an overview of the teaching program and the admission process.
Advisors provide comprehensive financial planning, as well as advice on individual investments.
Advisors provide consistency and communicate goals to future members.
Advisors provide consultation to the interns whenever necessary.
Advisors provide general information about policies, procedures, requirements, and support services.
Advisors provide individual and group advising and guidance using the RoadMAP as a framework.
Advisors provide individual assistance in academic advising, registration, and career planning.
Advisors provide intensive counseling directed towards selecting a realistic and satisfying major.
Advisors provide opportunities for learning, reflection and continuity.
Advisors provide text based answers to a particular financial question.
Advisors provide their advisees a written summary of their Ph.D. review.
Advisors Provide tips on how to construct a better query.
Advisors provide wisdom.
Advisors reappear to offer additional help.
Advisors receive copies of the resulting field data in report form.
Advisors receive information and other resources to support their function.
Advisors receive update training every semester.
Advisors recognize the changing nature of the college and university environment and student body.
Advisors recommend courses, check prerequisites, and ensure orderly progress toward the degree.
Advisors refine ranked project list.
Advisors register at the same time as their youth and pay the same registration fee.
Advisors regularly have sign-up sheets on open counters.
Advisors regularly schedule appointments each semester prior to registration.
Advisors respond to each question with information tailored to the client's unique circumstances.
Advisors routinely visit with each principal in their group.
Advisors routinely work in teams that combine clinicians and basic scientists.
Advisors run short-term workshops for small groups and tutor students in specific areas.
Advisors schedule regular office hours in both departments.
Advisors see students almost everyday who have waited too long to get assistance or help.
Advisors see the combined data presented in a seamless format.
Advisors see walk-in appointments.
Advisors seek to identify and to prevent any form of discriminatory practices.
Advisors Send money.
Advisors serve as a resource and liaison.
Advisors serve as honorary consultants and subject specialists.
Advisors serve as mentors and work closely with every student and family.
Advisors serve as role models, friends, and resources.
Advisors serve by invitation.
Advisors serve for a period of three years and up to three terms.
Advisors Serve for a period of two years.
Advisors serve for a three year period.
Advisors share, assist, and facilitate.
Advisors stay abreast of all university policies and procedures affecting the advisees.
Advisors stay close to watch.
Advisors submit faculty advisor's review forms for their advisees via the Web.
Advisors suggest courses of study and assist students in developing and attaining future goals.
Advisors support students in all aspects of their Prep life.
Advisors take an active role in preparing students for life after college.
Advisors teach credit classes on choosing an academic major and work on special projects.
Advisors typically attend one of the two weekly meetings.
Advisors typically have sufficient research materials that explain the academic case for indexing.
Advisors use both the mainframe and the Web .
Advisors use is also up.
Advisors use the most recent scores earned for placement purposes.
Advisors visit students in field-work settings for half days at least once a month.
Advisors visit the target schools once or twice a week.
Advisors work closely with all majors to plan their schedules carefully.
Advisors work closely with each graduate to identify the best jobs available.
Advisors work closely with students on all academic matters.
Advisors work closely with students to design their programs of study.
Advisors work closely with students to develop a sequence of courses that meets individual needs.
Advisors work closely with students to ensure that they meet their academic and career goals.
Advisors work in partnership with students to assist in developing an appropriate academic program.
Advisors work in small groups to develop the seminars using their individual expertise.
Advisors work with consumers to assess their needs and plan for long-term financial stability.
Advisors work with faculty, TA's and staff to enrich the academic experience for students.
Advisors work with organizations on their own time.
Advisors work with students from the time they enter the program through graduation.
Advisors work with students to determine their best options for degree completion.
Advisors work with students to individualize the course of study.
Advisors work with the youth to give guidance and to help build community.
Advisors working in group homes assist our residents to learn daily living skills.
An advisor is authority
Advisors frequently change when students select thesis research projects.
Advisors frequently serve as leaders in helping to organize reunion fundraising efforts.
Advisors frequently team up with other advisors so the freshmen can get to know more students.
Advisors often become mentors and advocates for students.
Advisors often invite students to dinner, have beer, etc.
Advisors often lack knowledge of current and revised prerequisites and degree requirements.
Advisors usually earn a commission for every investment they buy or sell.
Advisors usually meet much less often than directors and get much smaller stock grants.
Advisors usually post their office hours.
Advisors usually respond to such disinterest with disinterest.
Advisors usually see their advisees once per quarter.
All advisors are available by appointment as well.
All advisors are available to assist students with more than just registration.
All advisors are faculty members, representing a variety of academic disciplines.
All advisors are faculty members.
All advisors are normally present.
All advisors are regular faculty members.
All advisors are very busy.
All advisors have access to their assigned advisees through the on-line computing system.
All advisors have their office hours and office telephone number posted on their office doors.
All advisors maintain office hours during which the advisors are available for students.
All advisors maintain office hours during which the advisors are available for their students.
All advisors meet with their advisees during course selection week.
All advisors post office hours for advising.
Every advisor says, 'Invest in mutual funds.
Many advisors also have an activist bent.
Many advisors are available during mealtimes and during evening hours.
Many advisors are there over mealtimes and during evening hours.
Many advisors like to be in charge.
Many advisors like to speak publicly.
Many advisors never attend organization activities nor are they informed as to activities.
Many advisors post office hours during which they are available for conversation.
Many advisors require each draft to be accompanied by the previous draft or drafts.
Many advisors simply rely on mutuals while collecting their own additional management fees.
Many advisors suggest thirty to fifty percent.
Many advisors think in very one-dimensional terms.
Most advisors are available on a walk-in basis.
Most advisors find that they gain much more than they receive from the advising experience.
Most Advisors have no trouble in obtaining a list of eligible students.
Most advisors have office hours posted on their doors.
Most advisors maintain a schedule for students to make appointments.
Most advisors post a signup sheet on the door.
Most advisors recognize that family issues influence business decisions.
Most advisors require that all team members be present before the start of their game.
Most advisors think their clients are afraid of running out of money when they retire.
Most advisors use the first meeting to get to know their clients.
Some advisors are more blatant in their reporting selectivity.
Some advisors give out an email address, others prefer to talk by telephone.
Some advisors like to see progress reports and rough drafts.
Some advisors never hire an assistant.
Some advisors now prepare an audio newsletter that people can listen to, and they do.
Some advisors prefer to have students turn in a sections at a time rather than the completed report.
Some advisors recommend against it completely.
Some advisors require appointments, but many allow walk-ins.
Some advisors take things personally and if a client leaves, they're offended.
Some advisors work for a fee only, some work on commission, and others combine commissions and fees.
Some advisors work in more than one area.
Advisors groups are a common practice in the collectible industry.
Advisory board means the board of museums and history.
Advisory boards are boards.
Advisory boards are in place.
Advisory boards are no different.
Advisory boards are one method.
Advisory boards are versatile.
Advisory boards can provide new business opportunities through word of mouth referrals.
An advisory board is a board
Advisory bodies exist by and large to endorse executive policy.
Advisory business is referred with far greater regularity.
Advisory class offers concentrated curriculum in social and work skills.
Advisory commissions provide a valuable resource for organizations seeking public input.
Advisory committees are analogous to local advisory groups.
Advisory committees are available in a number of different fields.
Advisory committees are clean indoor air, rabies control, and tattoo establishments.
Advisory committees assist the agency in policy, program and rule development.
Advisory committees can assist by providing input to faculty on leadership needs in business.
Advisory committees have full access to a variety of data sources.
Advisory committees help develop policy as it relates to specific issues.
Advisory committees keep course offerings current.
Advisory committees make both course and program recommendations to the staff.
Some advisory committees deal with planning the use of future technology.
Advisory councils are true citizen involvement.
Advisory councils create serious problems.
Advisory councils provide community leadership and direction to park district programs.
Advisory deans are available to students on an appointment as well as emergency basis.
Advisory faculty ensure the quality of our online college courses.
Advisory group means the Eldorado Valley advisory group.
Advisory group serves as evaluation body for success of action.
Advisory groups counsel each undergraduate program in the college.
Advisory groups provide a broad range of feedback to help guide the planning process.
Advisory groups work on decision-making, study skills and other issues.
Most advisory groups meet once a month.
Advisory juries are common in cases involving issues of community standards, such as obscenity laws.
Advisory materials concerning appropriate use and sites are available.
All advisory meetings are open to all district superintendents or representatives.
Advisory members are from sociology, political science, economics, history and law.
Advisory members are often temporary participants in complex systems.
Advisory members are technical resources for the committee.
Advisory members are vital links to our community.
Advisory panels are public forums with membership of scientific experts.
Every advisory panel requires several recreational representatives.
Advisory programs are a primary method for disseminating information to the public.
Advisory programs can provide a vehicle to link parents with adolescents.
Advisory referendum passes by an overwhelming majority of registered voters in Urbana.
Advisory report Makes a set of recommendations relative to data prepared.
Advisory roles are equivalent.
Advisory routes are on the road but follow the quieter streets and lanes.
Advisory service is confined only to short-term assistance.
Advisory services are consulting services.
An advisory service is a consulting service
All advisory services are available to members free of charge.
Some advisory services provide recorded advice by phone.
Advisory signs caution unsuspected park users of the activity and indicate park boundaries.
Advisories alert travelers to potentially dangerous in-country situations.
Advisories also give tips on how to protect oneself and one's belongings.
Advisories are also available at U.S. embassies and consulates abroad.
Advisories are also available by e-mail subscription .
Advisories are announcements.
Advisories are first and foremost about relationships, but they can be about other things as well.
Advisories are for informational purposes only.
Advisories are formal messages issued each six hours concerning tropical storms and hurricanes.
Advisories are information such as dense fog, high winds or lane reductions.
Advisories are integral to the design and operation of most new small schools.
Advisories are listed in date order, go to the bottom of page for most recent link.
Advisories are often numerous and annoying.
Advisories are the lowest level.
Advisories are the middle level.
Advisories cause the water to be listed as impaired and make TMDLs necessary.
Advisories do outstanding work on behalf of kids.
Advisories issued for PCBs and dieldrin contamination in previous years remain in effect.
Advisories publish nightly as well as intraday updates.
Advisories range from extreme heat or cold to severe storms and high winds.
Advisories range from extreme heat to severe storms and high winds.
Advisories work best when every certificated staff member is responsible for one.
Advisory applies to a region such as a river basin or a portion of a State.
Advisory display the number of books each student has read.
Advisory is hurricane and storm information disseminated to the public every six hours.
Advisory notes to the conforming amendments.
An advisory is an announcement
All advisories relating to beaches and shorelines are still in effect.
Any advisory is held for all departments once a quinquennium.
Many Advisories contain information on available patches.
Some advisories apply ONLY to sensitive groups, while others apply to the general population.
Advocacy group tries to get solid, action projects under way.
Advocacy groups are a diverse collection of organizations, people, and agendas.
Advocacy groups are an important voice in the system.
Advocacy groups are available in each of the three counties.
Advocacy groups are furious with the film's comical portrayal of a serious disease.
Advocacy groups are less likely to attract citizen involvement than practical organizations.
Advocacy groups can participate at no charge .
Advocacy groups claim the situation in Iraq becomes increasingly urgent with each passing day.
Advocacy groups claim, without evidence, that alcohol advertising encourages young people to drink.
Advocacy groups demand stricter laws.
Advocacy groups encourage Web designers to make their sites accessible via all-text versions.
Advocacy groups express alarm at the amount of user profiling on many corporate sites.
Advocacy groups lobby elected officials in a number of ways.
Advocacy groups proliferate and formerly marginalized groups enjoy new opportunities.
Advocacy groups represent both sides of the issues.
Advocacy groups representing injured workers are a relatively new phenomenon.
Advocacy groups think low-income housing has been neglected too long.
Advocacy groups work to secure legal protection for their causes.
Every advocacy group needs to generate options for action.
Some advocacy groups offer pro bono legal assistance.
Some advocacy groups recommend that seclusion and restraint be completely eliminated.
Some advocacy groups say the requirement is worsening a teacher shortage.
Advocacy organizations are organizations.
Advocacy organizations can sometimes recommend experienced therapists.
Advocacy organizations exist to monitor the rights of children and adults with disabilities.
Advocacy organizations offer some of the sites most useful to families and consumers.
Many advocacy organizations focus on a specific disability.
Advocacy adamantly opposes such an exemption.
Advocacy aims at winning support from others, i.e. creating a supportive environment.
Advocacy also includes empowering clients and improving their environment.
Advocacy also includes lobbying efforts at the state, county, and local levels.
Advocacy assumes that rights are enforceable by statutory, administrative, or judicial procedures.
Advocacy attempts to help others understand a particular message.
Advocacy Attend relevant international meeting and make appropriate presentations.
Advocacy based on the needs of an individual person with a disability is important.
Advocacy begins early .
Advocacy begins with a problem.
Advocacy brings access for an unreached-people group to Kingdom resources.
Advocacy builds relationships that form the infrastructure for cooperation.
Advocacy can also affect the way a study is designed.
Advocacy can be oral, or written, or a combination of both.
Advocacy can be very successful.
Advocacy can encompass a wide range of approaches and issues.
Advocacy can focus on protecting people with cancer from discrimination in the workplace.
Advocacy can help reduce death and disability from heart disease and stroke.
Advocacy can increase access to education and foster the growth and dynamism of women-owned firms.
Advocacy can occur at any time, whether it is nationally or locally.
Advocacy can occur at any time.
Advocacy can seem like development work.
Advocacy comes in many colors.
Advocacy consists of working in the legislative process.
Advocacy disagrees with that assertion.
Advocacy does change policy .
Advocacy draws still another group of alumni to volunteer.
Advocacy encompasses mutual respect, cooperation and accountability.
Advocacy encourages others who support family planning to speak up, too.
Advocacy ensures that people receive the services to which they are entitled.
Advocacy fails when it is public relations without marketing.
Advocacy helps an organization increase visibility and gain public trust.
Advocacy helps find real solutions.
Advocacy helps people.
Advocacy includes making arrangements for the special needs of each individual.
Advocacy Increase direct involvement of members advocating at federal, state, and local levels.
Advocacy Increase direct involvement of members advocating at local levels.
Advocacy involves acting on behalf of another individual, group or cause.
Advocacy involves appealing a denial of coverage by the insurance company.
Advocacy involves attempts to influence people and public perceptions.
Advocacy involves both education and activism.
Advocacy involves both systems and community-change as well as individual issues.
Advocacy involves clients, their families, and the community.
Advocacy involves identifying problems and calling for solutions.
Advocacy is a consistent part of consumer involvement.
Advocacy is a constant commitment.
Advocacy is a crisis-based service.
Advocacy is a critical vehicle for social change.
Advocacy is a dangerous thing.
Advocacy is a democratic tradition.
Advocacy is a far-reaching activity.
Advocacy is a learned art.
Advocacy is a long-term commitment.
Advocacy is a powerful tool for producing social change.
Advocacy is a professional mandate that can impact the daily lives of children and families.
Advocacy is a serious challenge even to the trained advocate.
Advocacy is a service common to all.
Advocacy is a simple act of faith.
Advocacy is a spectrum of activities based on concern for our children and all children.
Advocacy is a terrific game.
Advocacy is a unique way to join the fight against breast cancer.
Advocacy is about people speaking up and having their own say.
Advocacy is active promotion of a cause or principle.
Advocacy is active support, as of a cause.
Advocacy is admirable but role modeling rules.
Advocacy is also critical.
Advocacy is also promotion.
Advocacy is an art and a skill.
Advocacy is an essential aspect of a barrister's training and skill.
Advocacy is an essential element in a center s programmatic design.
Advocacy is an everlasting struggle in our society.
Advocacy is an important adjunct of their activities.
Advocacy is an important aspect of social work.
Advocacy is an important civic skill after all.
Advocacy is an important element in our role as assistant coaches.
Advocacy is an important mission element.
Advocacy is an important service.
Advocacy is an integral part of service learning.
Advocacy is an on-going process.
Advocacy is another important area of work for the group.
Advocacy is at our roots, our very beginning, and continues to be our central role.
Advocacy is available for problems of sexual violence and abusive dating relationships.
Advocacy is aware of one particular industry where the problem is pervasive.
Advocacy is based on the principle that every individual is entitled to choice and dignity.
Advocacy is central to good care and professional practice.
Advocacy is complimentary to technology advisory structures.
Advocacy is different from the provision of direct services.
Advocacy is difficult to define.
Advocacy is easier and more effective when many committed people work together.
Advocacy is easy.
Advocacy is essential to success.
Advocacy is extremely important.
Advocacy is focused persuasion.
Advocacy is for people who find it difficult to get their opinions listened to.
Advocacy is found through collective bargaining.
Advocacy is good and so is the struggle for women's rights.
Advocacy is hard work.
Advocacy is historically important and fully legitimate in a democracy.
Advocacy is important and much needed in the lives of deafblind and multiply disabled people.
Advocacy is important in the development of an effective vision and strategy.
Advocacy is important when promoting a cause.
Advocacy is included in the programme and role play is a popular method used.
Advocacy is inherently political.
Advocacy is just the same.
Advocacy is most effective when it is focused on specific issues.
Advocacy is multi-faceted.
Advocacy is needed from educators to support funding for higher education.
Advocacy is needed.
Advocacy is noise everywhere.
Advocacy is offered by request from parents for their learning disabled children.
Advocacy is often about resolving conflicts of interest.
Advocacy is on the rise.
Advocacy is only part of the holistic ministry of the church.
Advocacy is organized influence.
Advocacy is our main responsibility.
Advocacy is our role.
Advocacy is part of being a good facilitator and mentor.
Advocacy is part of that role.
Advocacy is patronage.
Advocacy is poison to a free press.
Advocacy is primarily concerned with the pleading of cases in Court.
Advocacy is promotion, patronage, recommendation, and defence.
Advocacy is provided to all support group members.
Advocacy is provided to families for meetings with school officials or for other related needs.
Advocacy is reciprocal.
Advocacy is so important.
Advocacy is support
Advocacy is support.
Advocacy is that act or process of advancing or defeating a cause, policy or proposal.
Advocacy is the act of speaking in support of human concerns and needs.
Advocacy is the act or process of advancing or defeating a cause, policy or proposal.
Advocacy is the core of any petition.
Advocacy is the first rule of traditional medical ethics.
Advocacy is the heart of democracy and public policy.
Advocacy is the key.
Advocacy is the methodology of working on another's behalf.
Advocacy is the process of pleading the cause or defending the rights of another.
Advocacy is the representation of specific positions on specific legislation or regulations.
Advocacy is THE way to Make a Difference in the fight against breast cancer.
Advocacy is undertaken by practioners, with students assuming the role of witnesses.
Advocacy is very different than marketing.
Advocacy is very important.
Advocacy is when one person helps another to have their concerns, views and wishes heard by others.
Advocacy is, indeed, like marketing.
Advocacy makes no claim to hands-on expertise with procurement processes.
Advocacy means acting and communicating in support of a policy, idea or concern.
Advocacy means change and change creates tension.
Advocacy means making their voices heard all the time.
Advocacy means people helping people.
Advocacy means taking a stand.
Advocacy means to speak up , to plead the case of another , or to champion a cause .
Advocacy means to speak up, to plead the case of another, or to champion a cause.
Advocacy means to take action in different ways to support an idea or cause.
Advocacy means working with agencies, user groups and bikers to address trail issues in general.
Advocacy normally has two thrusts, one of education and one of lobbying on an issue or principle.
Advocacy plays a critical role in the ongoing support of small business.
Advocacy plays a vital role in the successes made towards preservation of the environment.
Advocacy presents a position, while inquiry explores it.
Advocacy promotes a company s position on a public issue.
Advocacy Provides information to members on key legislative issues and the legislative process.
Advocacy recognizes that there are privacy concerns inherent in such a database.
Advocacy recommends a much more narrow submission of jurisdiction.
Advocacy refers to the act of pleading or interceding for a cause.
Advocacy Reports about the importance of music in education are on display.
Advocacy represents the interests of small businesses before the federal government.
Advocacy rewards a methodical, logical thinker who can solve problems intelligently.
Advocacy saves local historic preservation incentives.
Advocacy seeks to increase the visibility of Hebrew in the community.
Advocacy submits that without the requisite information, the certification is inadequate.
Advocacy supports students who have disabilities, are minorities, women in medicine, etc.
Advocacy supports the use of a test-bed of a limited number of new gTLDs.
Advocacy takes many forms.
Advocacy takes place at the personal, local, state and national level.
Advocacy takes time and effort.
Advocacy takes time, patience, and energy.
Advocacy touches on the very essence of the democratic process.
Advocacy utilizes media, policy and social mechanisms in the effort to elicit change.
Advocacy Works to increase government funding and improve the public health policy agenda.
Advocacy often comes into play when drugs are new or are being prescribed for new uses.
Advocacy sometimes extends beyond the government to the news media.
Advocacy usually results in better outcomes for the individual with a disability.
More advocacy is needed.
Much advocacy is done on behalf of the clients, as well as budgeting and goal setting.
Advocate ministry takes place through a variety of roles.
Some Advocate physicians are fluent in languages other than English.
Advocate positions are available to any student applicant.
Advocate actively recruits minorities for employment and reaches out to minority communities.
Advocate is available to speak on behalf of the client.
Advocate is the quarterly newsletter for Associate industries of Florida.
Advocate listens and responds.
Advocate relies on Ga.
Advocate reports to company management.
Advocate sounds too much like what lawyers do.
Advocates acknowledge their clients' feelings, and they bear witness to their clients' pain.
Advocates act fast.
Advocates actively represent their clients' needs and opinions.
Advocates adherence nationally to international labour standards.
Advocates adopt another's needs for fluent representation in a realm inaccessible to the other.
Advocates agree that such collaboration is a key to success, and the broader the better.
Advocates also accompany clients to court for extra moral support.
Advocates also argue that buying organic has implications for the health of future generations.
Advocates also argue that charter schools give parents greater educational choice.
Advocates also believe in teaching children to question what they read and hear.
Advocates also call for the ability to set stringent safety standards and revise health warnings.
Advocates also handle some appeals, and collect civil penalties when a violation is found.
Advocates also help to ensure the protection of the rights of the accused and accuser.
Advocates also make the scientific community uneasy.
Advocates also mention multi-age grouping as a reform that can help deal with full inclusion.
Advocates also monitor compliance with court orders.
Advocates also provide support and encouragement.
Advocates also serve as academic counselors, youth group advisors, and mentors.
Advocates also trains and works with youth advocates to advance legislation.
Advocates also work with law-enforcement and prosecutors.
Advocates appear in appeals in all superior courts in South Africa.
Advocates approach the issue from a variety of perspectives.
Advocates appropriate rewards and recognition of faculty in the department.
Advocates are a long way from payday.
Advocates are also available to meet in person.
Advocates are alumni volunteers in districts throughout Utah.
Advocates are an excellent investment.
Advocates are available to act on behalf of consumers as needed.
Advocates are available to assist clients in identifying and utilizing community resources.
Advocates are available to provide information, referrals or immediate assistance.
Advocates are available to talk with anyone who has been affected by sexual violence.
Advocates are better judges and legislators than administrators.
Advocates are busy promoting the market mechanism as worthy of an extended role in new areas.
Advocates are concerned about the quality and availability of infant care.
Advocates are concerned they are being placed in communities too slowly.
Advocates are eager to see new subsidies as well as the production of new affordable units.
Advocates are essential to the empowerment of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgendered persons.
Advocates are hospital-based.
Advocates are in all corners, including accreditation bodies.
Advocates are in it for the experience, the interaction and, most of all, the community.
Advocates are increasingly optimistic about the bill's eventual passage.
Advocates are intervenors who act on behalf of an individual who has asked for assistance.
Advocates are lawyers.
Advocates are likely to locate historical evidence supporting whatever argument they make.
Advocates are local volunteers.
Advocates are magazines.
Advocates are people who assist others in dealing with a problem.
Advocates are people.
Advocates are preachers.
Advocates are professionals who can impact the audience for community action initiatives.
Advocates are responsible for keeping fun and complete records.
Advocates are responsible for keeping records.
Advocates are sole practitioners who all work independently of each other.
Advocates are students trained in crisis intervention and active listening.
Advocates are welcome to use or adapt the text in their own communications with Senators.
Advocates are, therefore, invaluable.
Advocates argue that gun control is essential to reducing crime and saving innocent lives.
Advocates argue that it ensures that students are emotionally ready to begin school.
Advocates argue that such techniques can improve crop quality and yield.
Advocates argue that the trend makes sense.
Advocates argue the government needs to slow down.
Advocates assemble where there is plenty of pedestrian traffic.
Advocates assert having the kit at home is a deterrent to abuse.
Advocates assert there's room for both NPs and physicians at the clinic.
Advocates assist family members in retrieving essential personal items from the crime scene.
Advocates believe in freedom from interference by government and other institutions.
Advocates believe it heralds the beginning of a new revolution in computer technology.
Advocates believe it is an important step toward recognizing the moral status of nonhuman animals.
Advocates believe that essential oils can have a marked effect on body and mind.
Advocates believe that fasting gives the body a chance to rid itself of toxins and impurities.
Advocates believe that supplementation can boost the body's ability to fight cancer.
Advocates believe that the actual number of assaults is even higher due to under-reporting.
Advocates believe the proposed increase reflects the intensity of their lobbying efforts.
Advocates blame the increases on the county's chronic lack of community services.
Advocates bring the unreached peoples clearly into our vision.
Advocates call hydrazine sulfate a safe, effective cancer drug.
Advocates can accompany victims to meet with attorneys to court or other court related functions.
Advocates can also participate in events in Sacramento and Washington, D.C. if they are so inclined.
Advocates can also point out policies which appear to result in gender discrimination.
Advocates can arrange for emergency shelter, police protection or medical care.
Advocates can do many things to assist victims.
Advocates can draw attention to and gain support for their cause.
Advocates can make a good argument for either.
Advocates can work with survivors, friends of survivors, and perpetrators.
Advocates carefully selects the leaders to provide an enriching program.
Advocates cite a lack of attention to preventive health care among blacks.
Advocates cite no physical side effects.
Advocates claim educational, recreational and therapeutic motivations.
Advocates claim efficacy when the herb is ingested early in the disease state.
Advocates claim medicinal value.
Advocates claim that it sheds light on the subject's mental, physical, and emotional state.
Advocates claim that lawmakers rushed legislation to a vote to derail the coalition's efforts.
Advocates claim that the lower the concentration of a substance, the more potent it becomes.
Advocates claim the profit motives contradict privacy interests.
Advocates come from many walks of life and contribute in very different ways.
Advocates complain that broadcasters continue to place product at the expense of learning.
Advocates contend it increases voter turnout.
Advocates continues to participate in efforts to pass new and stronger laws.
Advocates counter that missile defenses can be built given enough money and resolve.
Advocates counter that the behaviors are different from normal responses to another individual.
Advocates counter that the cameras can prevent robberies and save lives.
Advocates counter that the concern is exaggerated.
Advocates counter that too many youngsters are already there, and so change is needed.
Advocates criticize payday lenders for excessive fees and rollover abuses.
Advocates debate the best way to manage traffic effectively.
Advocates describe globalization as a panacea for society's ills.
Advocates describe their plans.
Advocates desire to reward exemplary performance with recognition and incentives.
Advocates discuss key federal goals.
Advocates educate about an issue and suggest a specific solution.
Advocates employ technological advances to publicize abuses worldwide.
Advocates encourage self-help and act primarily as resources for students.
Advocates expect the process to be completed shortly.
Advocates fear beating of Laotian man in Baltimore was hate-related.
Advocates feel that increasing opportunities for legal immigration is the way to go.
Advocates feel that the permanent increase bill has a good chance of passage.
Advocates fight for fairness.
Advocates fight to stop future injuries and deaths.
Advocates gear up as privacy deadline draws near.
Advocates generally favor stabilizing emissions, while skeptics oppose reductions.
Advocates hail it as the biggest pollution cleanup since lead was removed from gasoline.
Advocates hail the system as a model.
Advocates have a duty to act with in the law.
Advocates have a duty to act within the law.
Advocates have a duty to know and improve their own skills and knowledge.
Advocates have a duty to present facts accurately and honestly.
Advocates have a duty to represent their clients competently, responsibly and in a timely manner.
Advocates have a duty to respect the dignity, privacy and self-determination of all clients.
Advocates have a duty to seek the consent of their clients before proceeding on the behalf.
Advocates have a duty to seek the consent of their clients before proceeding on their behalf.
Advocates have a duty to understand applicable laws and procedures for enforcing it.
Advocates have clear mandate to push ways to reduce metro's haze.
Advocates have even grander visions of the future.
Advocates have operated on a simple, perpetrators ought to be punished model.
Advocates have the right to request information from officials.
Advocates help families pick the best health-care option.
Advocates help nurses meet families' needs without shortchanging patient care.
Advocates help people help themselves.
Advocates help people who are interested in resolving their concerns.
Advocates help to set the agenda of their representatives.
Advocates hold out hope for a renewal.
Advocates hope that skill standards systems can help achieve a variety of goals.
Advocates hope to reintroduce the legislation at that time.
Advocates inform victims of their rights.
Advocates is definitely one of the most active.
Advocates is supported by dues and subscriptions paid by our members and gifts from supporters.
Advocates learn how to strengthen their voices .
Advocates lobby tirelessly to pass favorable laws, and they threaten local districts with lawsuits.
Advocates love the right to shelter.
Advocates maintain something does happen.
Advocates maintain that it has been tested and proven to be an effective cure of vascular diseases.
Advocates maintain that it is an effective cure of vascular diseases.
Advocates make themselves available to listen to other students about problems.
Advocates offer support and can assist with the many different areas listed on the previous pages.
Advocates offer victims options, while providing support, education, and assistance.
Advocates operate on a referral system.
Advocates oppose any form of taxation and favor a laissez-faire economic system.
Advocates plans to have a full-time representative in Geneva.
Advocates play a variety of roles in a woman's life.
Advocates point out the Superfund process has been working faster and more efficiently than ever.
Advocates point to increasing evidence about the role of nutrition in disease.
Advocates practice in chemical writing through real-life problem solving assignments.
Advocates practice to others.
Advocates praise it for helping keep farmers from being taxed out of business.
Advocates present their arguments for the proposition.
Advocates present three main reasons for using a literature-based approach to teach geography.
Advocates presume the registration system has in fact been ditched.
Advocates promote charter schools as a way to expand choice and competition in public education.
Advocates provide a variety of advocacy services to the target population.
Advocates provide additional needed political support and backing to the overall approval effort.
Advocates provide information about the particular case, court dates and sentencing outcomes.
Advocates provide information, referrals and support to victims in their homes.
Advocates provide support and education for participants and their nursing colleagues.
Advocates provide support throughout the entire forensic exam if the survivor wishes.
Advocates provide support to help other parents who have children with mental illness.
Advocates provide volunteer labor for many campus functions, including Homecoming and campus tours.
Advocates reach out to include new people.
Advocates receive a pager .
Advocates receive training on the laws of child abuse and neglect.
Advocates represent abused and neglected children in the court system.
Advocates respond to an issue-driven survey.
Advocates rightly decry the fact that many people who moved off welfare are still living in poverty.
Advocates say a cultural thread connects their efforts.
Advocates say accountability is absolutely necessary.
Advocates say animal biotechnology can supply abundant food at increasingly low cost.
Advocates say cameras monitor abuse and neglect.
Advocates say charter schools give parents more choice.
Advocates say children learn to read with less harm and demand on their self-esteem.
Advocates say disabled students perform better when mainstreamed.
Advocates say education is just the beginning.
Advocates say electronic filing is cheaper, faster and more accurate than traditional paper returns.
Advocates say good palliative care makes requests for euthanasia rare.
Advocates say guns are used less often in England.
Advocates say if one does, that's too many.
Advocates say it affords families greater peace of mind.
Advocates say it helps parents and schools protect children.
Advocates say it is needed to ward off threats by so-called rogue states.
Advocates say it is on target philosophically but there are some very big obstacles.
Advocates say it makes it easier for a complainant to come forward.
Advocates say it reduces warpage, sinks, and molded-in stresses.
Advocates say it treats wound infections and other conditions.
Advocates say it was worth it.
Advocates say it's wrong to expect government to fix Denver's homeless problem.
Advocates say longer classes help students learn better.
Advocates say marijuana can relieve pain, spur the appetite and stop vomiting.
Advocates say massage improves circulation, relieves stress and creates intimacy.
Advocates say minorities are routinely pulled over only because of the color of their skin.
Advocates say one of the most difficult hurdles is changing people's perceptions.
Advocates say people at risk for coronary disease are ideal candidates for the scanner.
Advocates say people with disabilities lead happier lives in their own homes.
Advocates say several other states have similar databases.
Advocates say that by using idiomatic black speech, students preserve their cultural heritage.
Advocates say that can save taxpayers millions of dollars.
Advocates say that rebranding Britain is smart business for a modern country.
Advocates say that the process of getting the bank to follow through was arduous.
Advocates say that using the scan leads to more appropriate treatment.
Advocates say the asylum-granting rate is lower in most other jurisdictions.
Advocates say the census is the cheapest and most efficient way to collect information.
Advocates say the city benefits by keeping the experienced officer on the payroll.
Advocates say the cost is more often shared between the public and private sectors.
Advocates say the endowment is crucial for their work through the country.
Advocates say the herb can help people lose weight.
Advocates say the new technique is more cost-effective than traditional transfusions.
Advocates say the policy is a practical solution to the dearth of minorities in telecommunications.
Advocates say the situation is worsening due to Malaysia's critical shortage of people to fill jobs.
Advocates say the system makes for easier teaching and better learning.
Advocates say there are ways to protect against the danger.
Advocates say there'd still be reason to irradiate.
Advocates say they boost self-esteem and teach leadership skills.
Advocates say use of ethanol results in a cleaner burning gasoline.
Advocates see a variety of benefits in the greater community involvement.
Advocates see enormous benefits in dollars and health.
Advocates see heroin as dangerous but occasionally necessary, like chemotherapy.
Advocates see it as a means of boosting the world's economy by bringing down trade barriers.
Advocates see it as an overdue effort to level the playing field for competition with insurers.
Advocates seek to protect the interests of the vulnerable seriously mentally ill population.
Advocates simply type in their zip code and become directly connected to their elected officials.
Advocates speak of increased taxes to Charlotte as a reason to build the arena.
Advocates speak or write in support of people and ideas.
Advocates suggest emphasizing local, in-season foods and avoiding processed, refined products.
Advocates suggest that preventing any decline in lung function is important.
Advocates support the establishment of an agency for a number of reasons.
Advocates tabulates legislators' scores based on their votes on important environmental legislation.
Advocates testify before congress.
Advocates then arranges for the medical group's capital requirements.
Advocates typically meet once a week for group business, support, and program planning.
Advocates urge more citizen involvement.
Advocates use of professional opinion letters to which links are supplied.
Advocates vow a renewed push after the election.
Advocates work about four hours per week.
Advocates work in many different locations.
Advocates work to bring the weaker party's needs to the attention of the stronger.
Advocates work with mothers to secure housing, economic, legal and protection assistance.
Advocates worry that there are few avenues to replace that aid.
An advocate is a person
Advocates often cite a few superficial studies in support of the reliability of student evaluations.
Advocates often tout the drug as a method of reducing abortions.
All advocates are opportunists.
All advocates are responsible for two regular office hours per week.
All advocates are trained to evaluate a family's situation.
Many advocates believe it is.
Many advocates claim that urine is a panacea.
Many advocates give their time freely.
Many advocates hope it does.
Many advocates see contracting out as a way to reduce the size and scope of government.
Most advocates are volunteers, and are required to go through extensive training.
Most advocates insist that the physicians' concern about painkiller overdoses is misguided.
Some advocates are attorneys.
Some advocates are paid staff, and others are volunteers.
Some advocates are very sincere, but trial lawyers are often masquerading in sheep's clothing.
Some advocates argue against the use of food irradiation.
Some advocates believe all that attention has laid the groundwork for the next administration.
Some advocates believe that the more letters of medical necessity, the stronger the case.
Some advocates can be quite public.
Some advocates claim it can hold back the spread of cancer.
Some advocates disapprove.
Some advocates even claim that garlic can prevent or cure cancer.
Some advocates go much further, rejecting the very concept of classroom education.
Some advocates go over and beyond their call of duty.
Some advocates propose a pure refundable credit.
Some advocates propose increasing minimum nurse staffing.
Some advocates say having a collegewide policy on adaptive technology is the key.
Some advocates think the absentee ballot is a poor substitute for going to the polls.
Some advocates truly believe it advances student learning.
Some advocates work in politics fighting for trails.
Some advocates worry the government too often uses the complexity to avoid action.
Adware programs are free to use, however, many support the option to purchase the program.
Adyashantis message is disarmingly simple and direct.
Adzuki markets are limited and acreage is contracted in advance of planting.
Aeciospores can also be a source of inoculum of wheat stem rust.
Aeciospores infect the alternate host, which results in orange, powdery spores on the leaves.
An aeciospore is a spore
Aecia are pale yellow to bright orange blisters.
An aecium is a fruiting body
Aeclectic tarot is the best tarot deck database online.
Aegean painting is colorful and stylized , but with a strong feeling for naturalism .
AEI scholars appear every day on television.
AEI scholars are also active in Internet publishing.
AEI students are ready for the challenge.
AEI subscribers are always free to switch to any plan that best suits their needs.
Aeolian deposits have a high likelihood of long exposures because of airborne time.
Aeolian erosion occurs either by deflation or abrasion.
Aeolian fences are people, horse and environment friendly.
Aeolian sand is considered one of the best types of sand for making optical glass.
Aeolian transport is an important process of sedimentation at Bear Lake.
Aeon crawls down the duct.
Aeon goes inside of the bag and takes out a crow bar.
Aeon runs down the tunnel, looking cool of course.
Aeon takes out the paper and puts it on the desk.
Aeon turns and runs in the opposite direction.
Aeons are companies.
An aeon is a spiritual being
Aeornautical badges are mandatory.
Aerated drinks are less advised.
Aerated drinks contain carbon dioxide, which passes out as gas.
Aerated lagoons are usually shallower than facultative lagoons.
Aerated lagoons create aerobic conditions through mechanical means.
Aerated lagoons use a mechanical device to supply oxygen to the lagoon.
Aerated oil is a poor lubricant.
Aerated steam is an alternative soil fumigant.
Aeration basins are the heart of the biological treatment process.
Aeration basins are where the brunt of the biological breakdown of wastes occurs.
Aeration systems help prevent fish winter kill by adding oxygen to lakes.
Aeration systems mix the water with air in an outside-vented chamber.
Aeration advantages Lower temperatures allow moist grain to be stored safely for longer periods.
Aeration allows oxygen to reach microorganisms that break down the organic matter.
Aeration allows the soil to expand which helps roots to penetrate deeper and further.
Aeration allows water to penetrate and nutrients to better reach the root zone.
Aeration also helps peat sods to survive and become established.
Aeration also helps to raise the pH by reducing the content of dissolved carbon dioxide.
Aeration also helps.
Aeration also keeps nutrients trapped in sediment, preventing release and use by algae.
Aeration also makes the water release harmful gasses and pick up oxygen as the bubbles rise.
Aeration also occurs when live plants release oxygen as they grow.
Aeration also offers excellent odor control.
Aeration also reduces the dead-space volume of the cells.
Aeration assures that enough oxygen is available to keep the process bubbling.
Aeration becomes of paramount importance in the summertime.
Aeration breaks up the soil and allows water to penetrate.
Aeration can benefit every lawn.
Aeration can help.
Aeration causes the shock to lag.
Aeration combined with recirculation or flushing with water of high oxygen is critical to survival.
Aeration contributes to complete fermentation.
Aeration Cooling Cooling the grain with aeration is extremely important for proper storage.
Aeration ensures that proper sludge quality and bio mass growth conditions exist.
Aeration generally utilizes ambient air.
Aeration helps conserve water by reducing soil compaction, water run-off and puddling.
Aeration helps oxygen, water, fertilizer, and organic matter to reach roots.
Aeration helps prevent soil compaction.
Aeration helps the turf in compacted soils and also allows the surface to drain better.
Aeration helps to alleviate the compaction caused by winter snows and gravity.
Aeration helps to speed up the composting process.
Aeration improves etching speed.
Aeration improves soil air exchange which improves fertilizer efficiency and turfgrass rooting.
Aeration increases infiltrations.
Aeration increases water infiltrations.
Aeration involves exposing manure to oxygen and air.
Aeration involves spraying the water or mixing it with air and then venting the radon.
Aeration is a bottleneck in many processes in minerals refinement and biotechnology .
Aeration is a key element in composting.
Aeration is a particularly critical aspect to monitor during scale-up studies.
Aeration is a preferred method of treatment for radon in water.
Aeration is a remedy for compacted soil.
Aeration is a slow process to remove thatch, which stimulates microbial activity.
Aeration is also a factor, aeration reduces fusel production markedly.
Aeration is also important to seedbed preparation.
Aeration is also less damaging to the grass.
Aeration is always a good idea in ponds.
Aeration is an action
Aeration is another good way to help open up the soil.
Aeration is another important procedure done in the spring.
Aeration is either passive or by surface aerators.
Aeration is encouraged during each movement.
Aeration is energy intensive.
Aeration is especially effective against viruses in cattle and pig slurry.
Aeration is essential for extended storage.
Aeration is essential, especially in the larger bins now available.
Aeration is exactly what it sounds like - adding air to water.
Aeration is exactly what it sounds like, the addition to air in water.
Aeration is good.
Aeration is improved, helping both root and top growth.
Aeration is limited and it can become very compacted like after construction.
Aeration is most effective when actual cores or plugs of soil are pulled from the lawn.
Aeration is most effective when soil cores are removed from the lawn surface.
Aeration is natural processes.
Aeration is needed to prevent the development of mould.
Aeration is often the first method used while activated carbon is often used as the polishing step.
Aeration is only necessary for lawns subject to compaction.
Aeration is performed by passing humidified air through the perforated bottom of the tank.
Aeration is performed monthly to help with compaction.
Aeration is provided by a bubble wand attached to the back of the tank.
Aeration is provided by pulling air through the heap with a vacuum pump.
Aeration is provided by six fine air diffusers.
Aeration is provided by three centrifugal blowers.
Aeration is required because ethylene oxide is a skin and mucous membrane irritant.
Aeration is required for the fish and the bacteria.
Aeration is required, and is easily accomplished by turning the composting mass on a weekly basis.
Aeration is the addition of air to water.
Aeration is the most important aspect of soil preparation.
Aeration is the most useful treatment for moderate thatch.
Aeration is the process by which oxygen is transferred from the air to the water.
Aeration is the recommendation to loosen the compacted soils.
Aeration is the recommended method for treatment of public water supplies.
Aeration is the removal of cores of soil from the lawn.
Aeration is the replacement of oxygen to the center of the compost pile where it is lacking.
Aeration is unnecessary.
Aeration is usually a system of jets or fountains of water, or a system of riffles or waterfalls.
Aeration is very important for the reduction of intense putrid odors in the refuse bunker.
Aeration is vital to the success of any water garden.
Aeration isa process.
Aeration makes it taste fresher.
Aeration occurs by decanting the wine ia a large container or large wineglass.
Aeration occurs by pouring the wine into a larger container, such as a decanter or large wineglass.
Aeration opens up the thatch and helps relieve compaction.
Aeration permits air and water with nutrients to penetrate the soil.
Aeration quickly changes the chemistry of the soil.
Aeration reduces moisture content and keeps soybeans in excellent condition.
Aeration releases hydrogen sulfide and provides an acceptable water supply for the household.
Aeration removes plugs of dirt helping increase water retention and air circulation to grass roots.
Aeration removes some of the ammonia odor and makes the corn more acceptable to swine and poultry.
Aeration replaces oxygen-deficient air in the center of the compost pile with fresh air.
Aeration saturates water with air, usually by spraying fountains of water into the air.
Aeration significantly increases water uptake and improves the lawn s resistance to drought.
Aeration softens the tannins and improves the overall taste considerably.
Most aeration increases infiltrations.
Most aeration increases water infiltrations.
Some aeration affects metabolism.
Some aeration becomes concern.
Some aeration carries humus.
Some aeration comes from sources.
Some aeration involves replacements.
Some aeration provides guidelines.
Some aeration reduces compaction.
Some aeration reduces impact.
Aerators also save energy since less hot water is used.
Aerators are apparatus.
Aerators are hardy, floating plants.
Aerators help keep oxygen in the water and algae from growing on top of it.
Aerators keep areas of water open to provide oxygen for fish.
Aerators keep the water from freezing over.
Aerators reduce water use by mixing air with water while providing enough turbulence for washing.
Aerators restrict faucet flow.
Aerators save water by mixing air with the water for a forceful flow using less water.
Aerators work by either taking plugs out of the lawn, or spiking into it.
An aerator is apparatus
Some aerators require frequent cleaning.
Aerial acrobats keep crowds in awe - zooming, twirling and spinning airplanes through the sky.
Aerial ads get results'.
Aerial advertising is creative, unique, and impressive.
Aerial advertising is the only way to reach large outdoor crowds and people on the move.
Aerial application is another option.
Aerial application is under consideration.
Aerial application offers some unique advantages to modern farmers.
Aerial applications have the highest potential risk for causing bee kills.
Aerial applicators are highly trained professionals.
Aerial archaeology is one of the oldest prospection methods.
Aerial attack is adequete.
Aerial attack is frequently the first suppression action taken on a new fire.
Aerial attacks are much rarer than before.
Aerial attacks are physical attacks.
Aerial behaviours are most likely displays of social excitement, dominance, or aggression.
Aerial bombardment depends primarily on maps and intelligence.
Aerial bombing is nearly as old as aviation.
Aerial cables are especially susceptible to lightning strikes.
Aerial combat happens at a thousand miles an hour.
Aerial combat is a blast literally.
Aerial companies are also potential customers for the imaging service.
Aerial demonstrations take place throughout the day.
Aerial detection is the most efficient method of locating hark beetle spots.
Aerial dimensions address aerial dimensions.
Aerial dispersion is mainly by squirrels.
Aerial exploration is the same as exploration at ground level.
Aerial filaments are well developed and abundant.
Some aerial flight occurs at nights.
Aerial forms occur, but are rare.
Aerial fuels create a fast moving fire, one that winds can carry miles ahead of the main fire.
Aerial galls are common on such highly susceptible plants as poplar, rose, willow, and euonymus.
Aerial galls can develop but most are found at or just below the soil line.
Aerial growth dies back during the cold season.
Aerial images are available and can be customized.
Aerial images show scenes.
Most aerial images show scenes.
Aerial intercepts are intricate operations and require adequate ground based coordination.
Aerial intercepts are intricate operations and require adequate ground-based coordination.
Aerial interpolation is done only for the age groups used in rate calculations.
Aerial locomotion includes gliding, soaring, and true flight.
Aerial mycelium is formed, and the hyphae thicken.
Aerial observations indicate they have made several elk kills in the last three weeks.
Aerial operators ply their trade exclusively in the air.
Aerial overflights are optional as is single occupancy.
Aerial parts contain tannin, resin, and dye.
Aerial perspective provides a sense of scale in synthetic landscape imagery.
Aerial perspectives create the effect where objects at a distance appear paler.
Aerial photos are a snapshot at a particular point in time.
Aerial photos are another option to diagrams and scale models.
Aerial photos are available for sale.
Aerial photos are in the assessor's office.
Aerial photos are photgraphs taken from the sky, looking down on the earth.
Aerial photos are very helpful in creating accurate maps.
Aerial photos can help farmers, too.
Aerial photos give unprecedented detail of tiny creeks and hidden billabongs.
Aerial photos indicate that China constructed several octagonal structures on the reef.
Aerial photos serve mappers as the most accurate representation of what is on the ground.
Aerial photos show a strong correlation between green color and cotton height.
Aerial photos show that the red tide now runs from near Panama City to Pensacola.
Aerial photos show the marsh damage blistering until the eat-outs merge into open bays.
Aerial photos taken from space satellites show remarkable details.
Some aerial photos are available for the dates listed.
Aerial photographs are a unique source of archaeological information.
Aerial photographs are also an historic record of what existed at the time the photograph was taken.
Aerial photographs are an important tool in cartography and a number of other professions.
Aerial photographs are an integral part of the action plan.
Aerial photographs are available for selected cities.
Aerial photographs are the base source of information for all modern maps.
Aerial photographs are used to document the status of the archaeological dig.
Aerial photographs are usually available, but the availability dates vary from area to area.
Aerial photographs are views of land or other surfaces as seen from above.
Aerial photographs can also be a useful.
Aerial photographs cover all of LA County.
Aerial photographs introduce the village.
Aerial photographs provide coverage for Oregon only.
Aerial photographs provide useful habitat information.
Aerial photographs reveal chestnut blight focus.
Aerial photographs reveal complex networks of mound walls.
Aerial photographs show it as a striped area.
Aerial photographs show the development of settled areas.
Aerial photographs show the outdoor lab to be the last such tract on town property.
Aerial photographs taken over the years hang in Paine s office.
Aerial photographer needs winter employment.
Aerial photographers takes pictures of landscapes and structures from aircraft.
Aerial photographers use planes or helicopters to capture photographs of buildings and landscapes.
Some aerial photographers use planes.
Aerial photography can be an effective way to evaluate performance of cropland acreage.
Aerial photography covering the entire urban area of Canberra is captured every two years.
Aerial photography demands skills and equipment which are very different from land photography.
Aerial photography denotes the process of taking photographs from above the earth's surface.
Aerial photography is a kind of remote sensing.
Aerial photography is a primary planning tool for local and regional use.
Aerial photography is a specialty and door-off operations can be arranged for professional clients.
Aerial photography is another field that is less crowded.
Aerial photography is available.
Aerial photography is by advance request only.
Aerial photography is focused on areas where there is significant population and no tree cover.
Aerial photography is limited to capture of images on film from a aerial platform.
Aerial photography is limited to Colorado.
Aerial photography is obtained for the production of topographic maps.
Aerial photography is one of the most widely used tools to analyze prior use and onsite activity.
Aerial photography is reviewed in the beginning.
Aerial photography is used by placing a grid over the region of interest, i.e. a state.
Aerial photography is, needless to say, treated with the same sensitivity as cartography.
Aerial photography provides a non-destructive method of studying ruins.
Aerial photography provides details.
Aerial photography provides for comparative shoreline change documentation.
Aerial photography provides information.
Aerial photography requires much more ground control.
All aerial photography is done on a weather permitting basis.
More aerial photography is available on the image gallery .
Most aerial photography provides details.
Most aerial photography provides information.
Some aerial photography has advantage.
Some aerial photography shows results.
Some aerial photography supports interpretations.
Aerial pirates are superb fliers.
Aerial portions are technically part of the inflorescence.
Aerial predators eat mammals.
Aerial predators take nestlings, eggs, or even adults in flight.
Most aerial predators eat mammals.
Aerial reconnaissance heightens angling awareness.
Aerial roots abound.
Aerial roots absorb nutrients.
Aerial roots absorb water.
Aerial roots allow the orchid to attach itself to trees.
Aerial roots are another xerophytic trait.
Aerial roots are in addition to the normal roots that are below the ground.
Aerial roots are roots above the ground.
Aerial roots form freely on many land and water plants in a favorable, moist atmosphere.
Aerial roots hang down, and seed-heads peep from above the parapet of dried fronds.
Many aerial roots are fleshy or semi-fleshy, functioning as reservoirs for water storage.
Most aerial roots absorb nutrients.
Most aerial roots absorb water.
Some aerial roots have chlorophyll.
Some aerial roots have green chlorophyll.
Aerial scouts are most vulnerable when they are making a sharp turn.
Aerial shoots arise from a network of root-like, absorbing strands imbedded in host tissues.
Some aerial shoots arise from buds.
Aerial shot require a lot of light, timing, and the ablity to hold completly still.
Aerial skis are short for manoeuvrability, but strong enough to take the impact.
Aerial skiing is a high impact sport with a high attrition rate.
Aerial sprays are usually effective only if the larvae are exposed, feeding on the leaf surface.
Aerial stems are killed by frost.
Aerial stems die back after first frost.
Aerial survey is conducted using cameras attached to aircraft, balloons, or even kites.
Aerial survey is conducted using cameras attached to airplanes , balloons , UAVs , or even Kites .
Aerial survey is used in mapmaking, agriculture, environmental studies, and military operations.
Aerial surveys are a major way of monitoring statements.
Aerial surveys are done every year .
Aerial surveys are relatively non-intrusive.
Aerial surveys can be precise but are only suitable for counting elephants in savanna habitats.
Aerial surveys can cover a much larger area of the ocean, but the data are less reliable.
Aerial surveys have to be carried out in the dry season.
Aerial surveys provide valuable information about habitats, wildlife, and ecosystems.
Aerial surveys show a corresponding decline in shorebird numbers.
Aerial surveying is done on an ad hoc basis, but on average every ten years.
Aerial tubers form.
Aerial video can provide land cover data that is useful for signature generation.
Aerial views are imagery.
Aerial views are the best.
Aerial views can be beautiful and give a good overview of a large area.
Aerial views pose special problems in many areas of the bibliographic description.
Aerial warfare is fast, fluid and extremely demanding.
Aerial isa device.
Aerials add to the excitement of the performance.
Aerials are now available for purchase.
Aerials are special moves involving jumps and throws and add a spectacular touch to a jive routine.
Aerials are the truly acrobatic part of the sport.
Aerials get all the attention.
Aerials has compeitors doing acrobatic ski jumps.
Aerials have (part) sections.
Aerials involve more than just jumping up and hitting a landing.
Aerials Only has some great aerial photos the Gloucester area.
Aerials vary in length depending on the needs and finances of a department.
An aerial is a passing
Every aerial is oh so neat.
Some aerials are part of receivers.
Some aerials are part of tellies.
Some aerials are part of tv.
Aerie meetings take place around an open Bible.
Aerobatic capability is superior.
Aerobatic competition is one of the most rewarding things a pilot can do.
Aerobatic flyers offer spectacular shows every afternoon.
Aerobatic specialists provide the training in special aircraft.
Aerobatics also requires a lot of gas.
Aerobatics calls for proper coordination and precision flying, accuracy in all phases of manuever.
Aerobatics is unlike any other form of flying that todays average pilot has performed.
Aerobatics pictures archive , an archive with pictures of aerobatics airplanes.
All aerobatics figures start and end from horizontal lines in either upright or inverted flight.
Aerobes are microorganisms which require the presence of oxygen to live and to reproduce.
Aerobes predominate in bone and joint infections, but anaerobes can also be important.
An aerobe is an organism
Many aerobes are equally able to grow in the absence of oxygen.
Aerobic activities are best for the healthy heart.
Aerobic activities are exercises that cause deep breathing and a fast heart rate.
Aerobic activities are the most helpful for cardiovascular health and endurance.
Aerobic activities take over so that the reduced compounds in the soil become less stable.
Aerobic activities use large muscle groups for an extended period of time.
Aerobic activities use large muscle groups for long periods of time.
Aerobic activity builds endurance, burns fat and conditions the cardiovascular system.
Aerobic activity burns fat.
Aerobic activity encourages normal circulation of blood and lymph.
Aerobic activity helps the heart and blood vessels pump better.
Aerobic activity is a natural stress reducer.
Aerobic activity is achieved through games dances and creative music.
Aerobic activity is essential to good health.
Aerobic activity is important in the prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Aerobic activity means the body requires oxygen to generate energy in the mitochondria of the cell.
Aerobic activity moves oxygen to the brain and stimulates an increase of endorphins.
Aerobic activity seems to get rid of the dizziness, but it comes back again in a couple of hours.
Any aerobic activity contributes to their fitness level.
Aerobic athletes activate oxygen transport systems and metabolize muscle triglycerides.
Aerobic bacteria are able to use oxygen in cellular respiration.
Aerobic bacteria are bacteria that can live and grow in the presence of oxygen.
Aerobic bacteria are more active and efficient than anaerobic bacteria.
Aerobic bacteria are the good guys.
Aerobic bacteria break down organic material much faster than anaerobic bacteria.
Aerobic bacteria have the enzyme superoxide dismutase.
Aerobic bacteria prefer acid environments.
Aerobic bacteria produce carbon dioxide and nitrogen as byproducts.
Aerobic bacteria require free oxygen in order to survive.
Aerobic bacteria require oxygen for growth.
Aerobic bacteria require oxygen for metabolism and efficiently destroy the coolant.
Aerobic bacteria use nitrogen to multiply and break down the organic material.
Aerobic bacteria use oxygen in their respiration process.
Most aerobic bacteria break down matter.
Most aerobic bacteria use oxygen.
Aerobic bacteria break down matter.
Aerobic bacteria use oxygen.
Aerobic bacteriums are aerobic organisms.
Aerobic bacteriums are bacteriums.
Aerobic capacity is enhanced by pushing the envelope of the maximum aerobic process of the body.
Aerobic capacity is just one of many important indicators of good health.
Aerobic capacity is the volume of oxygen consumed as the workload increases.
Aerobic capacity is used to measure degree of cardiovascular fitness.
Aerobic classes are also available.
Aerobic classes are available six days a week.
Aerobic classes are the best form of cardiovascular exercise .
Aerobic Classes Be sure to read our disclaimer .
Aerobic classes complement the total workout.
All aerobic classes are coeducational.
All aerobic classes are free to members.
All aerobic classes cater for levels, from beginners to advanced.
Aerobic conditioning appears to be beneficial.
Aerobic conditioning involves endurance.
Aerobic conditioning is an integral part of the program for our students.
Aerobic conditioning is healthful in a couple of other ways.
Aerobic conditioning is used to build endurance to fight or perform for extended periods of time.
Aerobic conditioning is usually helpful if started gradually.
Aerobic conditioning is vital.
Aerobic conditioning serves to promote a greater reliance on fat burning as the fuel choice.
Aerobic dance combines exercise and dance movements into routines that are performed to music.
Aerobic dance improves coordination and quickness.
Aerobic dance seems to have been around forever and remains the mainstay in most health clubs.
Aerobic decomposition is a more rapid process and relatively odor free.
Aerobic decomposition requires oxygen.
Most aerobic decomposition requires oxygen.
Aerobic development is a limited factor.
Aerobic digestion is a one-step process.
Aerobic digestion is accomplished in one or more tanks mixed by diffused aeration.
Aerobic energy is needed to last the entire match.
Aerobic exercise builds endurance and burns fat and calories.
Aerobic exercise builds endurance, and jogging is one of the easiest forms of aerobic exercise.
Aerobic exercise builds muscle strength and endurance, as well as a healthy heart.
Aerobic exercise builds stamina, strengthens the heart and helps with weight loss.
Aerobic exercise burns calories.
Aerobic exercise burns more fat faster than any other activity.
Aerobic exercise burns up calories.
Aerobic exercise can also be helpful.
Aerobic exercise can also improve insulin resistance .
Aerobic exercise can be low, moderate, or severe in intensity.
Aerobic exercise can come from walking, jogging, swimming and even gardening.
Aerobic exercise combined with healthful eating helps people lose fat rather than muscle.
Aerobic exercise comprises innumerable forms.
Aerobic exercise conditions the cardiovascular system and can help lower blood pressure.
Aerobic exercise decreases the risk for early deterioration of the spine.
Aerobic exercise elevates the heart rate through sustained activity of moderate intensity.
Aerobic exercise enhances the lymphatic and venous flow, further reducing swelling in the extremity.
Aerobic exercise entails the constant consumption of oxygen by the body at a high level.
Aerobic exercise helps boost the body's HDLs.
Aerobic exercise helps burn off the excess energy that stress can produce.
Aerobic exercise helps people attain and maintain a healthy weight.
Aerobic exercise helps to eliminate such chemicals through sweating.
Aerobic exercise helps to strengthen the heart and burn fat.
Aerobic exercise improves heart, lung and muscle function.
Aerobic exercise improves the condition of the heart and exercises the lungs.
Aerobic exercise improves the performance of the heart and lungs.
Aerobic exercise includes cycling, jogging, and swimming.
Aerobic exercise includes running, swimming, bicycling, dancing, etc.
Aerobic exercise includes swimming, jogging, bicycling, racquetball, and aerobic dance.
Aerobic exercise increases cancer survival rate.
Aerobic exercise increases metabolism.
Aerobic exercise increases oxygen by accelerating the heart rate.
Aerobic exercise increases pulse and breath rates.
Aerobic exercise increases the body s available oxygen and therefore promotes wellness.
Aerobic exercise increases the body s energy level.
Aerobic exercise increases the body's demand for oxygen.
Aerobic exercise involves activities that use the large muscle groups such as the legs and arms.
Aerobic exercise involves continuous and rhythmic physical motion, such as walking and bicycling.
Aerobic exercise involves lower intensity, prolonged activities, such as jogging or aerobic dance.
Aerobic exercise involves movement, smooth movement which raises the respiratory and heart rate.
Aerobic exercise involves the generation of internal heat through performance of muscular work.
Aerobic exercise is a challenge for anyone with physical limitations.
Aerobic exercise is a critical component of the treatment regimen for fibromyalgia.
Aerobic exercise is a good friend to the heart.
Aerobic exercise is a good way to increase calorie expenditure.
Aerobic exercise is a great natural antidepressant.
Aerobic exercise is a great way to constructively channel such hormones.
Aerobic exercise is a physical workout which utilizes oxygen.
Aerobic exercise is a preventive as well as a treatment.
Aerobic exercise is a quick, easy way to relieve stress-related tension.
Aerobic exercise is a stress-buster and antidote to anxiety and mild depression.
Aerobic exercise is a sustained effort for at least twenty minutes or more daily if possible.
Aerobic exercise is aerobic exercise.
Aerobic exercise is also beneficial throughout pregnancy.
Aerobic exercise is also important.
Aerobic exercise is an effective way of coping with stress.
Aerobic exercise is an excellent way to reduce stress.
Aerobic exercise is an invention of an extremely sadistic mind.
Aerobic exercise is any activity that rhythmically uses large muscle groups.
Aerobic exercise is any continuous, rhythmic activities that incorporate large muscle groups.
Aerobic exercise is any exercise that is continuous, rhythmical and involves large muscle groups.
Aerobic exercise is basically long in duration yet relatively low in intensity.
Aerobic exercise is best for burning fat.
Aerobic exercise is best for most patients.
Aerobic exercise is definitely good for cardiovascular health and fitness.
Aerobic exercise is essential in developing the cardiovascular-pulmonary levels required.
Aerobic exercise is excellent and can be done without equipment.
Aerobic exercise is exercise in which the muscles use large amounts of oxygen supplied by the lungs.
Aerobic exercise is good for everyone, but so is weight training.
Aerobic exercise is great for the legs.
Aerobic exercise is great, but does burn calories readily.
Aerobic exercise is great, it burns fat and speeds up the heart rate.
Aerobic exercise is highly effective in improving the cardiovascular system.
Aerobic exercise is known for heart health.
Aerobic exercise is more that just aerobics.
Aerobic exercise is most effective.
Aerobic exercise is no better than any other form of exercise for weight loss.
Aerobic exercise is offered as well as weight machines and treadmills and stationary bikes.
Aerobic exercise is often a part of therapy for reducing the effects of arthritis.
Aerobic exercise is one of the best preventative medicines available and one of the cheapest.
Aerobic exercise is one of the main components of physical fitness.
Aerobic exercise is perhaps the best way to achieve stress relief.
Aerobic exercise is primarily a cardiovascular enhancement activity.
Aerobic exercise is recommended three to five times per week.
Aerobic exercise is the best exercise for the heart.
Aerobic exercise is the best form of exercise for reducing stress.
Aerobic exercise is the exercise of choice for people with hypertension.
Aerobic exercise is the fastest way to burn calories.
Aerobic exercise is the most effective way to burn fat calories.
Aerobic exercise is the only form of exercise that burns fat, thus helping to lose fat weight.
Aerobic exercise is the way to get thinner, and biking is a great aerobic exercise.
Aerobic exercise is unparalleled for burning stored fat and building lean muscle.
Aerobic exercise is very healthy, and ideal for people who want to lose weight.
Aerobic exercise is very popular with women today who want to keep in shape.
Aerobic exercise is what burns fat and uses calories.
Aerobic exercise means with air.
Aerobic exercise pays the biggest health benefit.
Aerobic exercise performed at moderate intensity makes the heart stronger.
Aerobic exercise preserves the heart and brain better than just burning calories.
Aerobic exercise produces endorphins.
Aerobic exercise promotes productivity.
Aerobic exercise promotes the loss of abdominal fat .
Aerobic exercise reduces body fat deposits as they are used for energy.
Aerobic exercise reduces the appetite in the short run, perhaps because it heats the body.
Aerobic exercise relieves tension and boasts self-image.
Aerobic exercise results in circulating the qi , blood, and body fluids.
Aerobic exercise stimulates the fat cells to release lots of fat.
Aerobic exercise strengthens the heart and boosts healthy cholesterol levels.
Aerobic exercise strengthens the heart and helps it pump more effectively.
Aerobic exercise strengthens the heart and makes it more efficient.
Aerobic exercise strengthens the heart by making it work harder.
Aerobic Exercise Try to do some aerobic exercise at least five times a week.
Aerobic exercise uses large muscle groups for a continuous period of time.
Aerobic exercise uses large muscle groups with low intensity and high repetition.
Aerobic exercise uses muscles in a rhythmical and continuous fashion.
Aerobic exercise uses the major muscles of the body continuously over an extended period of time.
Aerobic exercises are great stress-busters.
Aerobic exercises are the best exercises for strengthening the heart.
Aerobic exercises burn a lot more calories than other forms of exercise.
Aerobic exercises burn fat faster than any other type of exercise.
Aerobic exercises help the body work hard for a long time.
Aerobic exercises help to achieve and maintain cardiovascular health and true physical fitness.
Aerobic exercises promote health by boosting the heart rate for a prolonged period of time.
Aerobic exercises supply oxygen efficiently to the muscles, heart, lungs and the circulatory system.
Aerobic exercises use large muscle groups continuously for fairly long periods of time.
Aerobic exercises use large muscle groups to move at a steady, rhythmic pace.
Aerobic exercises use the large muscle groups constantly.
Aerobic exercises use the largest muscle group and improve stamina and overall health.
Aerobic exercises utilizes fat burning factories, called mitochondria, and requires oxygen.
Aerobic exercises work the heart and lungs as well as the muscles, and can improve overall health.
An aerobic exercise is an exercise
Some aerobic exercise is likely to be needed to appropriately metabolize and store fat.
Some aerobic fermentation generates energy.
Aerobic fitness can also ease the burden of pregnancy.
Aerobic fitness improves when students exercise in the aerobic training zone.
Aerobic fitness indicates the capability to perform prolonged work.
Aerobic fitness is assessed through a submaximal exercise test.
Aerobic fitness is critical for children.
Aerobic fitness is dependent upon age and sex and it can be improved by training.
Aerobic fitness is key.
Aerobic fitness is maintained with stationary cycling.
Aerobic fitness is obtained through vigorous training.
Aerobic fitness is related to health.
Aerobic fitness is required for sustained periods of hard work and vigorous athletic activity.
Aerobic fitness is the capacity to maintain vigorous exercise without becoming exhausted.
Aerobic fitness is the single most important health indicator .
Aerobic fitness is the single most important health indicator.
Aerobic fitness requires the heart and lungs to work harder to deliver oxygen to the muscles.
Aerobic growth is faster than anaerobic.
Aerobic lagoon require oxygen for the microorganisms to live.
Aerobic lagoons require more surface area so that oxygen can freely enter the water.
Aerobic lessons are also available.
Aerobic life exists only in the shallows of a dystrophic lake during summer.
Aerobic metabolism happens inside the mitochondria of the cell.
Aerobic microorganisms are the most adept at decomposing organic matter.
Aerobic microorganisms require oxygen from air penetration, indicating aerobic instability.
Most aerobic microorganisms produce catalase.
Aerobic muscle appears to be recruited for shivering before anaerobic muscle in chickens.
Aerobic organisms can only live in an oxygenated habitat.
Aerobic organisms consume VOAs and alcohols.
Aerobic organisms use oxygen to carry out their life functions.
Aerobic organisms use oxygen to obtain energy from their food.
All aerobic organisms produce metabolic water all the time - from cellular respiration.
Aerobic outfit leotards.
Aerobic part consists of basic steps, no complex choreographs.
Aerobic processes require a measure of the amount of oxygen used to break down organic matter.
Aerobic prokaryotes live in habitats.
Most aerobic prokaryotes live in habitats.
Aerobic reactions require oxygen to occur.
Aerobic recreation is facilitated by a small fleet of sea kayaks and plenty of snorkeling equipment.
Aerobic respiration ceases, anerobic respiration begins.
Aerobic respiration is a fairly recent development in the history of life.
Aerobic respiration is an oxidative process which uses oxygen as a final electron acceptor.
Aerobic respiration is at extracting chemical energy than is fermentation.
Aerobic respiration is composed of three separate processes.
Aerobic respiration is done when there is a large amount of oxygen available.
Aerobic respiration is much more rapid and efficient than anaerobic metabolism.
Aerobic respiration is possible only if oxygen is present in protozoan cells.
Aerobic respiration is the most efficient form, and requires oxygen.
Aerobic respiration is the most efficient of all because the electron falls so far.
Aerobic respiration is the most efficient process.
Aerobic respiration leads to production.
Aerobic respiration leads to the production of carbon dioxide and water.
Aerobic respiration occurs only in the presence of oxygen.
Aerobic respiration produces carbon dioxide as a waste product.
Aerobic respiration produces many times more energy than anaerobic respiration does.
Aerobic respiration produces much more than anaerobic respiration.
Aerobic respiration provides energy much faster than anaerobic respiration.
Aerobic respiration provides energy.
Aerobic respiration releases energy by breakdown of glucose to carbon dioxide and water.
Aerobic respiration requires oxygen.
Aerobic respiration requires oxygen.
Aerobic respiration uses oxygen and releases a large amount of energy.
Aerobic respiration uses oxygen and releases carbon in the form of carbon dioxide.
Most aerobic respiration leads to production.
Most aerobic respiration provides energy.
Most aerobic respiration requires oxygen.
Some aerobic respiration involves breakdowns.
Some aerobic respiration releases energy.
Aerobic schedule changes periodically.
Aerobic segments are short.
Aerobic sessions are available under the guidance of a trained fitness professional.
Aerobic spoilage occurs to some degree in virtually all sealed silos.
Aerobic tanks are available in residential or small-community sizes.
Aerobic tanks are similar to septic tanks, but the treatment process is quite different.
Aerobic tests measure how the heart and the lungs work together.
Aerobic training can help increase our ability to read, write and think quickly.
Aerobic training is a consideration for patients with primary cardiopulmonary diagnoses.
Aerobic training is a minor consideration for patients with orthopedic or metabolic diagnoses.
Aerobic training is another important component of becoming fit.
Aerobic training is used until the patient complains of shortness or breath or extremity fatigue.
Aerobic training works the heart and lungs for extended duration.
Aerobic treatment occurs in the presence of oxygen and usually occurs near the lagoon surface.
Aerobic wetlands can remove iron and manganese.
Aerobics instructors work in reverse.
Aerobics burns fat.
Aerobics classes both high and low impact.
Aerobics classes on campus weekly.
Aerobics exercises stimulates the release of beta-endorphin, an opiate made by the body.
Aerobics is an exercise
Aerobics is exercising.
Aerobics is workouts.
Aerodynamic advantage warrants additional weight compared to closed car body style.
Aerodynamic analysis represents one technique used to quantify phonatory physiology.
Aerodynamic bodywork protects from wind and rain.
Aerodynamic design minimizes wind noise and wander.
Aerodynamic diameter applies to the behavioral size of particles of aerosols.
Aerodynamic diameter is used to define particles' size.
Aerodynamic drag is a critical factor in the design of a future supersonic passenger jet.
Aerodynamic drag is low due to rotor being a disk.
Aerodynamic drag is the demon foe of every car designer.
Aerodynamic drag represents the largest resistance while riding over level ground.
Aerodynamic effects draw it inward.
Aerodynamic equations provide a way to analyze the power needed to supply flight.
Aerodynamic extrusions use tough triple interlock connectors to withstand reefing loads.
Aerodynamic force components for two points of sail.
Aerodynamic forces are forces.
Aerodynamic forces are generally proportional to the velocity squared.
Aerodynamic forces depend in a complex way on the viscosity of the air.
Aerodynamic forces depend in a complex way on the viscosity of the fluid.
Aerodynamic forces depend on the square of the velocity of the air passing the vehicle.
Aerodynamic forces depends on the square of the velocity between the object and the air.
An aerodynamic force is a force
Some aerodynamic forces depend on either yaw or spin or both.
Aerodynamic frames can reduce wind resistance more than frames with round tubes.
Aerodynamic grip becomes more important and at high speed dominates the roadholding of the car.
Aerodynamic improvements decrease wind noise and sensitivity.
Aerodynamic lift depends on the square of the velocity between the object and the air.
Aerodynamic lift equals the aircraft weight.
Aerodynamic lift is aerodynamic forces.
Aerodynamic lift is an aerodynamic force
Aerodynamic lift is distinguished from other kinds of lift in fluids.
Aerodynamic lift is the force that enables aircraft to stay in the air.
Aerodynamic lift is the same principle that allows airplanes to fly.
Aerodynamic missiles are of four types.
Aerodynamic noise is a result of turbulence caused by the fan blades.
Aerodynamic poles are important for downhill racers and speed skiers.
Aerodynamic profile reduces wind drag for improved handling and gas mileage.
Aerodynamic profile sits quietly in the wind.
Aerodynamic research is an area of Formula One car design which never ceases.
Aerodynamic resistance is somewhat more complicated.
Aerodynamic shape reduces wind drag and noise.
Aerodynamic stance is very important.
Aerodynamic wheels are considerably more expensive than their spoked counterparts.
Aerodynamic wheels can have very substantial effects.
All aerodynamic whistles operate under one of the classes.
Aeroelastic analysis is an essential part of any aircraft multidisciplinary design.
An aerofoil is a device
All aerofoils are symmetrical sectioned rigid wings.
Aerograms are the best deal.
An aerogram is a letter
Aerogrammes are air letter sheets which can be folded into the form of an envelope and sealed.
Aerogrammes are also suitable.
Aerogrammes are letter sheets that can be folded into the form of an envelope and sealed.
An aerogramme is a letter
Aeromed crew loads a stretcher into the village air ambulance.
Aeromedical considerations are relatively straightforward.
Aeromedical transport is readily available for critically injured trauma patients in Orange County.
Aeronautic activities cover the topics of gliding flight, boomerangs, and lift.
Aeronautic data is used by our research team to adjust the fins.
Aeronautic engineers use wind tunnels.
Aeronautical badges are mandatory.
Aeronautical charts are maps used for navigation by pilots of aircraft.
Aeronautical charts warn pilots of the many restricted training areas throughout the country.
Aeronautical design is carried out in a number of locations.
Aeronautical drafters prepare engineering drawings of aircraft and missiles.
Aeronautical drafters prepare engineering drawings.
Aeronautical engineers are engineers.
Aeronautical engineers study.
Aeronautical engineers use titanium because it's strong, lightweight, and corrosion-resistant.
An aeronautical engineer is an engineer
Aeronautical engineering are engineering.
Aeronautical engineering are technology.
Aeronautical light serves for both nautical and air traffic.
Aeronautical movements indicate an object with advanced maneuverable characteristics.
Aeronautical production features high quality.
Aeronautical research includes work on advanced materials and structures for aircraft.
Aeronautical researchers can make a scale model and mount it in a wind tunnel .
Aeroplan membership terminates upon death or personal bankruptcy of the member.
Aeroplane magazine continues.
Aeroplane isa aircraft.
Aeroplanes are artifacts.
Aeroplanes are devices.
Aeroplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
Aeroplanes are low and slow.
Aeroplanes are on the ground.
Aeroplanes are probably most useful in campaigns.
Aeroplanes can have other duties.
Aeroplanes fall to the earth from time to time.
Aeroplanes flying over ordinary towns can see roads that look like a spider 's web .
Aeroplanes flying over ordinary towns can see roads that look like a spider's web.
Aeroplanes have (part) accelerators.
Aeroplanes have (part) aircraft engines.
Aeroplanes have (part) bases.
Aeroplanes have (part) ceilings.
Aeroplanes have (part) floors.
Aeroplanes have (part) fuel gauges.
Aeroplanes have (part) fuel indicators.
Aeroplanes have (part) fuel lines.
Aeroplanes have (part) fuel pods.
Aeroplanes have (part) fuel systems.
Aeroplanes have (part) fulcrums.
Aeroplanes have (part) gas gages.
Aeroplanes have (part) gas gauges.
Aeroplanes have (part) gas lines.
Aeroplanes have (part) gas tanks.
Aeroplanes have (part) gasoline gages.
Aeroplanes have (part) gasoline gauges.
Aeroplanes have (part) gasoline tanks.
Aeroplanes have (part) hood ornaments.
Aeroplanes have (part) navigation light.
Aeroplanes have (part) petrol gages.
Aeroplanes have (part) petrol gauges.
Aeroplanes have (part) petrol lines.
Aeroplanes have (part) petrol tanks.
Aeroplanes have (part) power trains.
Aeroplanes have (part) radar domes.
Aeroplanes have (part) ribs.
Aeroplanes have (part) room light.
Aeroplanes have (part) sections.
Aeroplanes have (part) tail assemblies.
Aeroplanes have (part) walls.
Aeroplanes have (part) windshields.
Aeroplanes have Arctic air conditioning.
Aeroplanes have seats.
Aeroplanes transporting people around the globe are the first images that spring to mind.
An aeroplane is an aircraft
All aeroplanes produce lift through their wings in order to fly.
Aeroponic growth refers to growth achieved in an air culture.
Aeroponic roots refers to a root system grown in an air culture.
Aeroponic systems are more cost effective than other systems.
Aeroponic systems require virtually no medium.
Aerosol administration is more bronchoselective and results in fewer systemic adverse effects.
Aerosol cans are also highly explosive when exposed to heat or pressure.
Aerosol cans are cans.
Aerosol cans are casings.
Aerosol cans are health hazards and deplete the environment's ozone.
Aerosol cans are mechanical devices.
Aerosol cans are more destructive than dynamite.
Aerosol cans are the single most environmentally destructive form of packaging in use.
Aerosol cans become a safety hazard around other children, and around the camp fire.
Aerosol cans can explode if stored near heat or if incinerated.
An aerosol can is a dispenser
Some aerosol cans contain hazardous chemicals, e.g. pesticides, oven cleaner, etc.
Aerosol containers can rupture violently when exposed to heat.
Aerosol containers offer convenience to the consumer by providing a product in readily usable form.
An aerosol container is a dispenser
Aerosol drift is a major concern because odors are transported with the aerosol.
Aerosol fixation makes mailing of the slides feasible.
Aerosol foam lifts out tough dirt without excess water that leaves saturated wet spots.
Aerosol forms are still reportable.
Aerosol mechanics is yet another area which is involved in radiation-media interaction.
Aerosol milk is the most modern way yet developed to apply a film of milk to just about anything.
Aerosol paint is available at auto supply stores.
Aerosol paint works similarly to an airbrush.
Aerosol paints are fine.
Aerosol particles are like hair spray or other aerosol products.
Aerosol particles have roles.
Aerosol particles reflect sunlight.
Most aerosol particles have roles.
Most aerosol particles reflect sunlight.
Aerosol propellant can be flammable.
Aerosol science is fundamental in the process to ensure optimum design and performance.
Aerosol spray is the small squirts of fine mist of tiny droplets called an aerosol.
Aerosol sprays are also available.
Aerosol sprays are available at lawn and garden supply stores.
Aerosol sprays are available specifically to eliminate hornets, wasps, and bees.
Aerosol sprays are often no more effective than using liquid products in non-aerosol containers.
Aerosol sprays are wasteful, and many contain gases harmful to the environment.
Aerosol sprays contain one or more pesticides in a solvent and a propellant gas.
Aerosol sprays containing resmethrin or pyrethrins are available for use in homes.
Aerosol sprays having an oil base can cause staining.
Aerosol sprays smell strongest, immediately, close to the source.
Aerosol sprays use gas under pressure to blow out the liquid inside.
Aerosol sprays work well on crawling insects, surface applications, and small cracks and crevices.
Aerosol transmission can occur via aerosol droplets, but is less likely.
Aerosol transmission is considered to be the least likely cause of infection in both cases.
Aerosol allows items to be sprayed.
Aerosol are part of every day experience - for example cigarette smoke, or atmospheric haze.
Aerosol are suspensions of propellants and active ingredients such as paint or pesticides.
Aerosol can for multipurpose use.
Aerosol cans Acids and drain cleaners.
Aerosol is a collection of particulates.
Aerosol is a major means of transmission.
Aerosol is collected on quartz fiber tape.
Aerosol is powered by compressed air.
Aerosol is self-generated upon activation of the system.
Aerosol is the scientific term used to describe particles suspended in a fluid, such as air.
Aerosol isa cloud.
Aerosol oven cleaners are among the worst contributors to indoor air pollution.
Aerosol works better on greasy stains.
Aerosols absorb and reflect light, producing the haze in cities.
Aerosols absorb light.
Aerosols actually help improve the accuracy of the velocity measurements.
Aerosols affect electro-optical propagation and the transfer of radiant energy in the atmosphere.
Aerosols affect our environment at the local, regional, and global levels.
Aerosols also affect biogeochemical cycles and human health.
Aerosols also affect the atmosphere in different ways.
Aerosols also affect the Earth's radiation balance through their effects on clouds.
Aerosols also affect the properties of clouds, with a cooling effect, but a large uncertainty.
Aerosols also are available.
Aerosols also can form under the conditions of fire or uncontrolled polymerization.
Aerosols also form when gases are converted to fine particles in the troposphere.
Aerosols also have an important effect on global climate.
Aerosols also have an important relationship to ozone.
Aerosols also lead to cloud burning in the subtropical area.
Aerosols also play an important role in the global atmosphere.
Aerosols also use environmentally damaging propellants.
Aerosols appear in the stratosphere and troposphere as well.
Aerosols are a viable method for controlling resistive behavior.
Aerosols are also a problem and splashing increases the risk.
Aerosols are also the nuclei around which clouds droplets form - no aerosols, no clouds.
Aerosols are Ammonia ice, water ice, ammonia hydrosulfide.
Aerosols are clouds.
Aerosols are collections of particles suspended in gas.
Aerosols are collections of particles, suspended in air.
Aerosols are colloids.
Aerosols are dispensers.
Aerosols are dust, water vapor, pollution, clouds, etc.
Aerosols are effective only if sprayed directly onto the bee.
Aerosols are excellent at increasing the reflectivity, or albedo, of the earth s atmosphere.
Aerosols are far from being fully understood.
Aerosols are gases.
Aerosols are generated by sources.
Aerosols are generated by water sources.
Aerosols are important because they provide a location for water to condense and form clouds.
Aerosols are insoluble particles suspended in a gas.
Aerosols are liquid medications that are suspended in a gas that forms a mist.
Aerosols are minute particles suspended in the atmosphere.
Aerosols are of great interest in numerous science and engineering applications.
Aerosols are particles dispersed in gas.
Aerosols are particles suspended in a gas, such as air, and are often associated with haze.
Aerosols are particles suspended in the atmosphere.
Aerosols are small particles or droplets in the atmosphere, with sizes on the order of a micrometre.
Aerosols are small-suspended particles that scatter and absorb solar radiation.
Aerosols are sprays that contain intoxicating propellants.
Aerosols are sprays that contain propellants and solvents.
Aerosols are the main cause of micro-centrifuge contamination.
Aerosols are the major uncertainty associated with global climate models.
Aerosols are the most convenient and fastest way to apply paint remover.
Aerosols are tiny and microscopic particles of dust, smoke and ash.
Aerosols are tiny particles in the air, which can be inhaled.
Aerosols are tiny particles present in the atmosphere.
Aerosols are tiny particles such as dust and soot.
Aerosols are tiny particles suspended in the air.
Aerosols are tiny particles suspended in the atmosphere.
Aerosols are tiny solid or liquid droplets in the air.
Aerosols are ubiquitous in the troposphere and stratosphere.
Aerosols are under pressure.
Aerosols are used by nations.
Aerosols are usually in a pressurized container.
Aerosols are very fine particles of liquid or solid substances suspended in air.
Aerosols are visible as haze when present in large quantities.
Aerosols behave a lot like chemical vapors.
Aerosols can affect climate in many ways.
Aerosols can affect energy inputs to the Earth, since they can block solar radiation.
Aerosols can also provide sites for heterogeneous chemical reactions in the atmosphere.
Aerosols can be natural, such as fog, or manufactured, such as smoke.
Aerosols can be projectiles when bursting.
Aerosols can be wet or dry liquid or solid.
Aerosols can escape from the centrifuge unit and become dispersed in the air.
Aerosols can have important consequences for continental-scale patterns of climate change.
Aerosols can heat as well as cool.
Aerosols can reflect sunlight, much like clouds.
Aerosols come from natural sources.
Aerosols come from sources.
Aerosols contain gases.
Aerosols contain liquid gases.
Aerosols contain toxins.
Aerosols containing pyrethrin, rotenone and pyrenone are available.
Aerosols containing synergized pyrethrins, resmethrin, permethrin or propoxur also are available.
Aerosols cool the climate locally by scattering sunlight back into space.
Aerosols cool the parts of planet by reflecting sunlight.
Aerosols directly scatter and absorb radiation.
Aerosols disperse the substance in tiny droplets that can be inhaled or absorbed through the skin.
Aerosols enter atmospheres.
Aerosols enter lower atmospheres.
Aerosols essentially decrease conductivity by vastly increasing the mass of the charge carriers.
Aerosols form a major part of much of our research efforts.
Aerosols give temporary relief, however.
Aerosols have a cooling effect due to their ability to reflect incoming sunlight.
Aerosols have a cooling effect, which offsets, in part, the warming effect of greenhouse gases.
Aerosols have a direct effect on the atmosphere's radiation budget.
Aerosols have a two-fold cooling effect on climate.
Aerosols have other impacts.
Aerosols have significant effects on air pollution, climate, visibility and human health.
Aerosols have toxic propellants which can explode.
Aerosols impact the performance of infrared, visual, and laser systems.
Aerosols interact both directly and indirectly with the Earth's radiation budget and climate.
Aerosols look as good as they perform and manufacturers are bringing in sleek, modern designs.
Aerosols play a negligible role.
Aerosols pose a different, but equally-lethal danger.
Aerosols pose a similar risk.
Aerosols reflect solar radiation back to space, and, in so doing, cool the Earth.
Aerosols reflect sunlight, making the surface cooler.
Aerosols released by human activities are also capable of influencing climate.
Aerosols represent one more piece of the global warming picture that is fitting into place.
Aerosols require propellants, valves, etc., as well as containers.
Aerosols resulting from human activities include sulfate aerosols and soot from fossil fuel burning.
Aerosols scatter back to space and absorb solar radiation.
Aerosols scatter proportional solar energy to frequency.
Aerosols Use up or give to someone who can use it up if safe to do so.
Aerosols vary considerably by region.
An aerosol is a cloud
Aerosols usually contain pyrethrins.
Any aerosol can, hair spray, spray paint, pepper, tear gas etc.
Most aerosols are generated by sources.
Most aerosols are generated by water sources.
Most aerosols are used by nations.
Most aerosols come from natural sources.
Most aerosols come from sources.
Most aerosols contain a low percentage of active ingredient.
Most aerosols contain gases.
Most aerosols contain liquid gases.
Most aerosols enter atmospheres.
Most aerosols enter lower atmospheres.
Some aerosols are generated by economic growth.
Some aerosols are generated by growth.
Some aerosols are generated by rapid economic growth.
Some aerosols are generated by rapid growth.
Some aerosols contain toxic materials, others contain corrosive chemicals.
Some aerosols follow eruptions.
Some aerosols have cool effects.
Some aerosols have effects.
Some aerosols increase heat.
Some aerosols make the atmosphere warmer because they absorb energy.
Some aerosols promote chemical reaction.
Some aerosols promote complex chemical reaction.
Some aerosols promote complex reaction.
Some aerosols promote reaction.
Aerosolized anthrax is invisible.
Aerosolized corticosteroids provide the benefits of oral corticosteroids with fewer side effects.
Aerospace companies employ our graduates in design, testing and manufacture.
Aerospace engineers are engineers.
Aerospace engineers build wind tunnels to study the strength of wings on aircraft.
Aerospace engineers design primarily aircraft, spacecraft, satellites, and missiles.
Aerospace engineers design space vehicles or airplanes.
Aerospace engineers solve problems of design, construction and operation of aircraft and spacecraft.
Aerospace engineers think about everything that can possibly go wrong, and many things beyond that.
An aerospace engineer is an engineer
Aerospace engineering are workers.
Aerospace forces contribute to forward presence, deterrence, and crisis response.
Aerospace industries face unique material handling and storage challenges.
Aerospace medicine is medicine
Aerospace medicine is one of three specialty area within the field of preventive medicine.
Aerospace planes enter service.
Aerospace tests aircraft parts for foreign and domestic companies.
An aerospace is a region
Aerothermochemicaldynamic effects add their own non- linearities, as does radiative energy transfer.
Aerotolerant anaerobes are indifferent to the presence of oxygen.
Aerotolerant organisms are strictly fermentative .
Aerotolerant organisms are strictly fermentative.
AES enables students with learning differences to succeed in our challenging curriculum.
Aesir employees have the expertise to develop successful Web sites.
Aesthesia does just that in Lessons .
An aesthesia is consciousness
Aesthetic appeal is also a consideration-a cluttered room lacks a welcoming feeling.
Aesthetic appeal is also a key component to a quality golf development.
Aesthetic appeal is also very important and is monitored at every stage.
Aesthetic appeal is very subjective, but it can translate into things more quantitative.
Aesthetic appreciation lacks ethical understanding.
Aesthetic argument becomes social commentary.
Aesthetic bearing is inspired by a catalytic symbol.
Aesthetic bearing is the validating experience of active mythology.
Aesthetic bearing plays an initiating yet subjugated role in the development of personality.
Aesthetic considerations are nice, but are 'way down the list of priorities.
Aesthetic considerations play a major part.
Aesthetic considerations reflect directly on our understanding and use of liturgy.
Aesthetic Considerations Try to create something elegant and concise.
Aesthetic criteria replace rational criteria.
Aesthetic damage occurs when the appearance of something is degraded.
Aesthetic dentistry is the most profitable segment of the business because it is an easy sell.
Aesthetic details can enhance a roadway project beyond the economic, efficient and safety concerns.
Aesthetic development is crucial for a full life.
Aesthetic discourse legislates a particular sensibility.
Aesthetic distance permits objective response even in the face of subjective experiences.
Aesthetic effects are important to how texts read, contributing to the overall impact of a passage.
Aesthetic elegance is central to inspiration, motivation, and excellence.
Aesthetic experience is something to be learned as well as something instinctive.
Aesthetic experiences can be present both in the creation as well as perception of works of art.
Aesthetic experiences increase a child's awareness and encourage creative expression.
Aesthetic extremism meets many male outfits, falsely imitated, truly reinvented.
Aesthetic forms are the outward visible expressions of ancient traditions.
Aesthetic forms play a crucial role in people's commentary about their social structure.
Any aesthetic guidelines are fuzzy to the point of non-existence.
Aesthetic impact is weighed against ethical issues.
Aesthetic improvements are dramatic.
Aesthetic integrity Create with imagination, meaning and artistry.
Aesthetic integrity is the visual equivalent of behavioral consistency.
Aesthetic intent refers to the imagined form, the spiritual context or the ideological purpose.
Aesthetic issues are meaningful topics for both written and oral responses in the classroom.
Aesthetic issues can affect both usability and audience appeal.
Aesthetic issues come up in discussions of ads.
Aesthetic lighting completes the warm feel of the Mediterranean.
Aesthetic matters affect the conditions of everyday life.
All aesthetic modifiers are compatible with each other.
Aesthetic motivation reflects the collector s cultivated taste.
Aesthetic nuisances are another area where courts have produced inconsistent results.
Aesthetic opposition stems largely from the building's sleek, glassy look.
Aesthetic order is in accord with nature, and images are often integrated with the numerous hollow.
Aesthetic order is to be differentiated from mechanical, logical, and epistemic types of order.
Aesthetic perceptions differ from culture to culture.
Aesthetic Philosophers Find information on philosophers with a close tie to the field of aesthetics.
Aesthetic pleasure is a bonus one that the three objects shown here are sure to provide.
Aesthetic pleasure needs no justification.
Aesthetic principles abound in gardening.
Aesthetic productions become powerful shapers of the values and habits that promote change.
Aesthetic qualities are absent.
Aesthetic readers connect emotionally to the story.
Aesthetic requirements vary from workspace to workspace.
Aesthetic rhinoplasty is aimed at modifying the shape of the nose in order to make it more pleasing.
Aesthetic similarities run deep through the various pieces.
Aesthetic surgery can also help patients resolve body- image issues .
Aesthetic surgery is an integral part of a university plastic surgery program.
Aesthetic surveys are part of all grades.
Aesthetic technology is different from technical or functional design.
Aesthetic truth rectifies social untruth.
Aesthetic use is a beneficial use of water and is in the public interest.
Aesthetic value is more than factualism.
Aesthetic values are apparent in all facets of community expression.
Aesthetic Values Are Economic Values.
Aesthetic values are sometimes just as important.
Aesthetic values are vital while doing science.
Aesthetic values play a significant role in designed landscapes.
Aesthetics add color, styling and diverse materials to purpose and function.
Aesthetics also play a role in the board's objections.
Aesthetics also vary.
Aesthetics are a big factor for chefs.
Aesthetics are a major preoccupation for our patients.
Aesthetics are also critical to future growth.
Aesthetics are an important consideration given to provide the desired result for the customer.
Aesthetics are another concern.
Aesthetics are another important consideration.
Aesthetics are given consideration in the complete evaluation of lakes as a natural resource.
Aesthetics are impervious to politicization by their very nature.
Aesthetics are important, but water clarity also has a major impact on marine ecosystems.
Aesthetics are important.
Aesthetics are independent of income.
Aesthetics are just as important as quality to some degree.
Aesthetics are more important than ethics.
Aesthetics are more subjective than function and a much harder value to measure.
Aesthetics are neither universal nor morally tone deaf.
Aesthetics are nice too.
Aesthetics are part of quality.
Aesthetics are secondary.
Aesthetics ARE subjective.
Aesthetics becomes a matter of who can yell the loudest and fastest.
Aesthetics can include the study of art from all cultures and all times.
Aesthetics change, as do orientations, environment, talent.
Aesthetics comes next based on the particular budget.
Aesthetics continue to improve.
Aesthetics count, too.
Aesthetics do contribute.
Aesthetics fall by the wayside.
Aesthetics make a difference.
Aesthetics matter less and less.
Aesthetics play a huge role in the show ring, and in a sale.
Aesthetics play a key role in the sonic and visual performance of the complete line of loudspeakers.
Aesthetics play a key role.
Aesthetics play a major role in the allure of the dragonfly.
Aesthetics play virtually no role since all sails lootk pretty much alike.
Aesthetics refer to the appearance of the water which can be discolored as a result of particulates.
Aesthetics refer to the criteria that concern graphic aspects of readability.
Aesthetics Use the statement below to start a debate on aesthetics.
An aesthetic is a philosophical theory
Aestivation ceases when the stimulus is removed.
An aestivation is an arrangement
Aether rotation involves radial electric charge displacement and vice versa.
Aetiology is unknown.
An aetiology is philosophy
All AFBD photos are color photos.
Many AFES publications are available for on-line perusal, printing, or downloading.
Affair borrow for some seventy yet praise packers helmet.
Affair escape on all boat that celebrate sound collector music.
Affair isa concern.
Affair serves purpose.
Affair trying near one plant consequently spin king cobra set.
Affairs advance a step at a time, proceeding incrementally.
Affairs are actually effective therapy for marriages.
Affairs are an escape from reality with each person putting their best foot forward.
Affairs are clearly selfish.
Affairs are devastating to the trust that is the foundation of relationships.
Affairs are guilt-free.
Affairs are located in work.
Affairs are now soul size .
Affairs are now soul size.
Affairs are now soul-size.
Affairs are often an escape from facing a problem.
Affairs are often an indicator of unresolved problems.
Affairs are risky business all the way around.
Affairs are sexual relationships.
Affairs are social events.
Affairs are too pressing.
Affairs are transactions.
Affairs are unheard of.
Affairs are usually a sign of a relationship that has been in trouble for a while.
Affairs are very exciting but they can also bring in an enormous amount of hurt and devastation.
Affairs are very often a cry for help or a symptom of even bigger problems in the relationship.
Affairs are very quiet just at present.
Affairs begin with two people who find each other interesting and attractive.
Affairs can add spice and distraction.
Affairs can become covert conflicts.
Affairs can destroy a marriage.
Affairs can happen almost anywhere.
Affairs can occur in happy marriages as well as in troubled ones.
Affairs can start out innocently.
Affairs cause divorces.
Affairs cause scandal.
Affairs destroy trust.
Affairs don t have to ruin marriages.
Affairs happen because sex is inadequate in the marriage.
Affairs happen, friendships fail, marriages fray, and people die in strange, violent ways.
Affairs have no jurisdiction over Motor Car Funding or the bank.
Affairs have their beginning and end.
Affairs have their end and their beginning.
Affairs having to do with real estate, possessions and business arrangements carry importance.
Affairs is a private club.
Affairs mean different things to different people.
Affairs occur for a number of reasons.
Affairs occur for a variety of reasons.
Affairs occur only in intimacy-lacking marriages.
Affairs only happen in bad marriages.
Affairs turns the Web into a powerful citizen voice on current local issues and politics.
An affair is concern
All affairs violate trust and involve unfaithfulness.
Many affairs happen very subtly when one hurting person meets another hurting person.
Many affairs mark a turning point in the marriage - with work the marriage becomes much better.
Most affairs are a lie.
Most affairs are.
Most affairs involve more than playing music.
Some affairs are more relaxed.
Some affairs start out as friendships that eventually cross the line.
Some affairs take places.
Affect children experience difficulty.
Affect children have expectancy.
Affect children have life expectancy.
Affect individuals have tissue.
Affect individuals must have parents.
Affect patients have conditions.
Affect people have parents.
Affect people inherit conditions.
Affect women have children.
Affect isa feeling.
Affects are feelings.
Affects cause feel.
Affects involve both thought and extension.
Affects log file output.
Affects mast, boom, sail.
Affects occur all the time and are coded as scenes.
Affects range, reliability, and cost.
Affects render basic information about the environment.
An affect is feeling
Most affects have a two word terminology to indicate higher and lower levels of intensity.
Affected adolescents ignore and even lose their hunger sensations.
Affected animals appear lame and are sick.
Affected animals appear nervous and apprehensive, developing a tense abdomen and saw-horse stance.
Affected animals appear normal externally, but with a smaller than normal vulva.
Affected animals are anemic, and icterus is frequently present.
Affected animals are dull, listless, fail to eat and stop ruminating.
Affected animals are likely to be jumpy, aggressive and uncoordinated.
Affected animals are listless, with reduced appetite and increased thirst.
Affected animals are often excitable or belligerent.
Affected animals are reluctant or unable to drink, eat or walk.
Affected animals are restless, dull and reluctant to graze, and kick at the struck area.
Affected animals are susceptible to secondary infections such as pneumonia and bacterial infections.
Affected animals are systemically ill, febrile and anorectic.
Affected animals are usually in good body condition.
Affected animals are usually under three weeks of age and usually found dead.
Affected animals are weak, depressed and lose their appetite.
Affected animals become depressed and go off feed.
Affected animals become listless, lose significant weight, and eventually die in a wasted state.
Affected animals become more uncomfortable with the condition as they grow older.
Affected animals become thin, emaciated and icteric.
Affected animals can see moving and distant objects and have trouble seeing fixed and close objects.
Affected animals develop blisters on the mouth, nose, feet and teats.
Affected animals develop cuts in their mouths and on their feet.
Affected animals die as puppies, but carriers of the mutation are completley normal.
Affected animals die prematurely from secondary less well understood affects to muscle and bone.
Affected animals exhibit muscle tremours, move with s atsiff gait and arched back.
Affected animals have a fever in the early stages of the disease.
Affected animals have a stiff gait or are unable to walk.
Affected animals have no energy, difficulty breathing, and a painful, swollen stomach.
Affected animals itch and rub against objects hence the name scrapie.
Affected animals lose condition, become emaciated, and often die.
Affected animals lose weight and the milk yield declines in dairy cattle.
Affected animals require immediate attention.
Affected animals require intensive supportive care.
Affected animals rub against posts, trees, and feeder bunks.
Affected animals show evidence of colic, and they attempt to cool the mouth and throat with water.
Affected animals show loss of colour.
Affected animals suffer from a sudden rise in temperature and mouth blisters.
Affected animals suffer impaired developmental and reproductive ability.
Every affected animal has an affected parent.
Many affected animals have a history of stunted growth, failure to gain weight, or weight loss.
Many affected animals recover but are weakened and suffer production losses.
Many affected animals recover.
Most affected animals make a complete recovery.
Affected apples are bitter in taste.
Affected area includes face and arms.
Affected area is sensitive to the touch.
Affected area turns brown, then gray, then dies.
Affected areas are commonly the hands, feet, ears, nose and face.
Affected areas are covered by a coarse gray mold in damp weather.
Affected areas are covered with a white, powdery mold in wet weather.
Affected areas are crepitant when palpated.
Affected areas are distinct circular patches.
Affected areas are numb and can be easily burned.
Affected areas are often more or less round and up to a couple of feet in diameter.
Affected areas are often the size of a quarter or larger, sunken and gray to black in color.
Affected areas are shaded blue in the above map and bolded to the right.
Affected areas are usually most numerous towards the calyx end of the fruit.
Affected areas become blotchy red, swollen, and painful on re-warming.
Affected areas can appear charred black or dry white.
Affected areas change color to a whitish gray.
Affected areas enlarge and turn yel- low or brown.
Affected areas enlarge, causing the leaves to blacken, wrinkle, wither, and drop by late spring.
Affected areas have a reddish brown appearance.
Affected areas have a whitish appearance.
Affected areas have a yellowish look as only the carotenoids remain.
Affected areas have dead plants in patches.
Affected areas have little or no inflammation, and most cases are asymptomatic.
Affected areas range in size from a few inches to several feet in diameter.
Affected areas receive also daily visits of mobile teams.
Affected areas vary from several inches to a few feet across.
Most affected areas are inaccessible by road, and can only be reached by helicopter.
Affected babies suffer varying degrees of paralysis, and bladder and bowel problems.
Many affected babies die.
Most affected babies are in between and have a degree of breathing difficulty.
Affected berries are usually one sided.
Affected berries remain round, but occasionally fall off the rachis.
Affected birds are depressed and show recumbency, ruffled plumage and white diarrhea.
Affected birds are extremely weak and emaciated.
Affected birds are lame, sit on their hocks, and are reluctant to move.
Affected birds are partially paralysed and are unlikely to be hunted.
Affected birds become lethargic, often exhibiting lameness and a staggering gait.
Affected birds become progressively weaker and emaciated.
Affected birds develop droppings which often have a yellow color.
Affected birds feed and move around normally.
Affected birds have a tendency to sit and when forced to move, have an unsteady gait.
Affected birds have a very uncoordinated flight and appear intoxicated.
Affected birds have difficulty flying, walking and swimming.
Affected birds look very much the same.
Affected birds lose muscle tone and die.
Affected birds remain quiet because breathing is difficult.
Affected birds show severe weight loss, depression and intolerance to exercise.
Affected birds stop eating, lose weight, become weak and cry continuously as if in distress.
Affected birds suffer losses in weight and survivors remain stunted for long periods.
Affected birds suffer losses in weight and survivors remain stunted.
Affected birds tend to gape and salivate heavily, but without apparent respiratory distress.
Most affected birds die in the first few days of life.
Affected blossoms are also misshapen and frequently fail to set fruit.
Affected bolls have a small sunken black spot on the outside.
Affected bones are warm and swollen on palpation.
Affected boys have severe learning difficulties and milestones are delayed.
Affected boys tend to suffer frequent colds and recurring chest infections.
Most affected branches are very high up on the trees and hard to reach with sprayers or pruners.
Affected brood can be in any stage and anywhere on the comb.
Affected buds swell, form dried rosettes, and fail to break during following spring.
Affected bulbs are light in weight and the individual cloves are soft and spongy and powdery dry.
Affected calves become listless, display uneasiness, and strain or kick at their abdomen.
Most affected campers get over their homesickness quickly.
Affected canaries have subcutaneous hemorrhages, anemia, splenomegaly and hepatomegaly.
Affected cats are often between two and six years old.
Affected cats have extreme pruritus, erythema and crusting around the ears, head, feet and perineum.
Affected cats tend to show loss of appetite, pale gums, tiredness and depression.
Affected cattle can have a mild fever, refuse feed, lose weight, and be mildly to severely lame.
Affected cattle die.
Affected cattle urinate frequently and have a dark diarrhea.
Affected cells appear swollen and contain clear vacuoles.
Affected charges range widely from photocopy fees, to parking fees, to sewer and water charges.
Affected cheetahs become blind and unresponsive to their environment.
Affected chicks are inactive.
Affected chicks are pale and stunted.
Affected child has unaffected parents.
Affected children appear to be females at birth, but they become masculinized at puberty.
Affected children are healthy and free from underlying nutritional deficiencies or other illnesses.
Affected children are normal at birth but develop anemia during the first year of life.
Affected children are often very irritable babies and have a tendency to be hyperactive.
Affected children are small, with microcephaly and abnormal facies.
Affected children are unable to sweat.
Affected children compensate by voice recognition or by recognising shoes or brooches.
Affected children continue to recognize and respond to the voices of their primary caregivers.
Affected children develop low blood counts due to failure of production by the bone marrow.
Affected children display premature androgenic alopecia.
Affected children experience several spells per week.
Affected children find it hard to focus and uphold attention, and tend to daydram or be destructive.
Affected children have a marked weakness and a lack of muscle tone.
Affected children have a very short stature, with dramatic bowing of the legs.
Affected children have poor growth rates and appear malnourished.
Affected children have trouble communicating and interacting with others.
Affected children have trouble communicating and socializing.
Affected children have trouble concentrating and behaving in class.
Affected children present with a wide range of symptoms, which are largely age dependent.
Affected children require complex, time-consuming and costly care.
Affected children show lowered intelligence, impaired hearing and poor coordination.
Affected children tend to be short but with relatively large heads.
Many affected children appear to be deaf.
Many affected children fail to undergo puberty at the appropriate age.
Many affected children have occasional problems with bowel control.
Many affected children have other connective tissue disorders.
Most affected children die in the first few days of life.
Most affected children have normal parents since heterozygotes have a normal phenotype.
Most affected children require no treatment, as the condition often resolves by itself.
Some affected children can achieve near normal adult lives with appropriate treatment.
Affected commuters find alternate routes to work.
Affected countries are wise to incorporate it into their national disaster plans.
Most affected crops are pulses, maize and vegetables.
Affected crowns show reddish brown discoloration when cut.
Affected daughters are heterozygous.
Most affected deer die regardless of what measures are taken.
Affected detectors analyze adjacent detector pre-alarm conditions.
Affected dispatch is one of the most dangerous things to business that can be.
Affected dogs appear to be in extreme pain and vomit frequently.
Affected dogs are frequently lame or have an abnormal gait.
Affected dogs are normal at rest and exhibit normal ability to walk until they are stressed.
Affected dogs are normal prior to the onset of the disease.
Affected dogs die because of anemia and hepatic failure and death by five years of age.
Affected dogs have hips that are structurally and functionally disease free at birth.
Affected dogs have no impaired vision.
Affected dogs have to be fed from a raised bowl.
Affected dogs live normal lives.
Many affected dogs develop cataracts.
Most affected dogs have functional vision, but some are blind in one or both eyes.
Most affected dogs lose the function of their hind legs within six months to two years after onset.
Most affected dogs respond well to medication to make it easier to breathe.
Affected embryos have the XY chromosomes of a normal male.
Affected employees work in the production of frozen vegetables.
Affected ewes mated with affected rams, produce offspring, which nearly always become affected.
Affected families can have pre-pregnancy counselling and prenatal testing.
Affected families can learn about fundraising events and read science articles.
Affected families have several members with breast cancer or other cancers.
Affected families suffer in many ways.
Most affected farmers cope by expanding the less capital-intensive production of wheat.
Affected females can develop a huge penis that blocks their release of eggs.
Affected females pass condition to half of sons and half of daughters.
Affected females show a high level of serum proges-terone, and reject the male.
Affected females transmit the trait to half of their sons and half of their daughters.
Affected ferrets become lethargic and depressed.
Affected fetuses have severe neurologic compromise, with poor prognosis and early death.
Most affected fetuses die in utero or shortly after delivery.
Affected files are perl.c and post.c.
Affected files are too numerous to mention.
Affected finding indicates that two copies of the disease gene are present in the tested dog.
Affected fish develop ulcers primarily along the body walls and head.
Affected fish exhibit a characteristic behaviour suggesting that balance and buoyancy are altered.
Affected fish show yellow pigmentation of the gills and skin.
Affected flocks tend to have lowered conception rates due to lowered fertility of the rams.
Affected foliage appears to have small white cottony spots.
Affected foliage is initially red or brown but turns ash gray and drops from the plant.
Affected foliage turns brown.
Affected follicles die and fall off.
Affected fruit are normally at or below waist level in the tree.
Affected fruit are smaller, deformed, and undesirable for marketing.
Affected fruit are unsightly and unmarketable.
Affected fruit becomes light brown.
Affected fruit develops light brown spots that enlarge rapidly.
Affected fruit have poor flavour due to low sugar content.
Affected fruit have small water soaked circular brown spots which have a greasy appearance.
Affected fruit is also misshapen.
Affected fruit is bitter.
Affected fruit show a slightly abnormal skin color, and internally a mass of blackened arils.
Affected fruits are usually small, dry, and scabby.
Affected fruits retain their shape but become tough and dry.
Affected fruits ripen earlier than healthy ones.
Affected geckos are lethargic and many have diarrhea characterized by watery white urates.
Affected gerbils develop anorexia, stop drinking water, lose weight, and die.
Affected grapevines weaken and become less productive over a period of years.
Affected hair becomes brittle and breaks.
Affected heads are bitter and tough.
Affected herds have to be slaughtered.
Affected horses are 'on edge', often volatile, very anxious, sensitive and rigid.
Affected horses can display hemorrhaging and congestion in the lungs on postmortem examination.
Affected horses can suffer brain damage and photosensitisation affecting unpigmented areas of skin.
Affected horses demonstrate marked weight loss in the face of a ravenous appetite.
Affected horses do better when they are turned out to pasture or have access to a paddock.
Affected horses exhibit a staggering gait, urine dribbling, and aborting in pregnant mares.
Affected horses exhibit position inccordination, urine dribbling, and abortion in pregnant mares.
Affected individuals accumulate reduced levels of protein.
Affected individuals appear to be squinting when in bright sunlight.
Affected individuals are always female and are typically short and infertile.
Affected individuals are anemic, weak, off feed, and lose weight rapidly.
Affected individuals are at risk for permanent visual impairment and blindness.
Affected individuals are male and typically tall and infertile.
Affected individuals are much more likely to develop emphysema than usual.
Affected individuals are normal at birth.
Affected individuals are often tall, slender, and loose-jointed.
Affected individuals are otherwise normal with no neurological or physical abnormalities.
Affected individuals are physically unable to sleep without food intake.
Affected individuals are typically entirely healthy.
Affected individuals are unable to perceive differences between certain colours.
Affected individuals are usually in their fifties or sixties when diagnosed with colon cancer.
Affected individuals are usually obese and have had problems with fluctuations in their body weight.
Affected individuals are usually taller than average and have slender builds.
Affected individuals can achieve normal intellectual development.
Affected individuals can become capable of independent living.
Affected individuals can experience hemolytic anemia, fever, jaundice, or even death.
Affected individuals can have spontaneous muscle or joint bleeding or bleeding at other sites.
Affected individuals exhibit a chronic non- productive cough, exercise intolerance, and weight loss.
Affected individuals exhibit a prominent large-amplitude tremor only with writing.
Affected individuals feel sleepy during the day and their concentration and performance suffer.
Affected individuals harbor an increased risk of developing benign and malignant tumors.
Affected individuals have a conductive hearing loss.
Affected individuals have a distinctive facial appearance.
Affected individuals have a similar risk in future progeny.
Affected individuals have chronic abdominal pain, changes in bowel habits, gas and bloating.
Affected individuals have delusions, hallucinations, and overall functioning below average.
Affected individuals have high concentrations of antibodies produced by the immune system.
Affected individuals have low cholesterol levels and elevated levels of cholesterol percursors.
Affected individuals have periodic attacks during which they shift from one mood pole to the other.
Affected individuals have progressive loss of the ability to speak, chew, and swallow.
Affected individuals have tan skin spots at birth, which develop into benign tumors.
Affected individuals have the genetic material of a male, yet are phenotypically female.
Affected individuals have weakness, particularly of the face, limbs, and neck.
Affected individuals lack germ cells and show hypogonadism at puberty.
Affected individuals lack the enzyme needed to breakdown the amino acid phenylalanine.
Affected individuals progress through four loosely defined clinical stages at differing rates.
Affected individuals require insulin injections every day in order to survive.
Affected individuals suffer from multiple bouts of pneumonia, bronchitis, and other infections.
Affected individuals survive an average of less than one year without a liver transplant.
Affected individuals take life-long antibiotic therapy to prevent further attacks.
Affected individuals tend to outgrow anaemia.
Affected individuals tend to tire easily.
Affected individuals undergo breast development and feminization at puberty.
Affected individuals undergo breast development, but areolae are often pale and underdeveloped.
Most affected individuals are children.
Most affected individuals are heteroplasmic for mutant and normal mitochondrial genomes.
Most affected individuals have an onset shortly after birth.
Most affected individuals have ancestors who lived in areas around the Mediterranean Sea.
Some affected individuals have multiple fractures, in others the condition is difficult to diagnose.
Some affected individuals have symptoms that only appear in response to a major stress.
Some affected individuals remain without symptoms for many years and have a normal life span.
Affected industries believe that the cost of compliance has been underestimated by the agency.
Affected industry is primarily metal fabrication and coating.
Affected infants are hypotonic and areflexic.
Affected infants are severely hypotonic with respiratory distress.
Affected infants can have ambiguous genitalia or even erroneous gender assignment.
Affected infants develop normally with proper dietary control.
Affected infants develop normally with proper treatment.
Affected infants have a low birth weight and a distinctive mewing, cat-like cry.
Affected infants have high levels.
Affected infants survive and are severely neurologically impaired with intractable seizures.
Affected infants tend to have lighter colored skin, hair, and eyes than unaffected family members.
Most affected infants do learn to smile, laugh, raise their heads and interact socially.
Most affected infants survive the neonatal period, but succumb by the age of three years.
Affected insects stop feeding and die from the combined effects of starvation and tissue damage.
Affected joints are hot and painful.
Affected joints become swollen, hot, and painful, resulting in the lamb becomnig reluctant to move.
Affected joints become very enlarged by proliferated connective tissue and exudate.
Affected junipers develop elongated, flattened, often resinous cankers.
Affected kids are normal at birth.
Affected kittens are usually less active than their litter mates.
Affected kittens can also suffer from tail tip necrosis.
Affected lambs are depressed and reluctant to nurse or eat.
Affected lambs have a swollen throat.
Affected larvae are often blue grey in colour and swim weakly, often in spirals.
Affected leaves are pale green or yellow, and stiff, upright and stunted.
Affected leaves are somewhat narrower than healthy leaves.
Affected leaves bear spots that initially are purple.
Affected leaves become light green to yellow, eventually wilt and occasionally are scalded.
Affected leaves can be hand-picked and discarded.
Affected leaves dry out and fade to a bleached straw color.
Affected leaves dry up, their margins curl upward, and they assume a burned or scorched appearance.
Affected leaves fall, and the tree crown progressively thins out until the entire tree is dead.
Affected leaves fold around the insect, making infestations difficult to control.
Affected leaves have a roughened or bumpy appearance.
Affected leaves have a white powdery substance on the upper surfaces.
Affected leaves have spots which are large, pale brown to dark brown in color.
Affected leaves tend to fall readily.
Affected leaves turn yellow and dry up.
Affected leaves turn yellow and often wither before falling.
Affected leaves turn yellow or sometimes directly become a dried, tan color.
Affected leaves are generally smaller than normal.
Affected leaves are more pointed than normal.
Affected leaves are removed in the field prior to packing.
Affected leaves are small, narrow, and misshapen.
Affected leaves are somewhat narrower than healthy leaves.
Affected leaves are usually the older, most shaded leaves on fruiting spurs.
Affected leaves become chlorotic and die prematurely.
Affected leaves curl up at the tip, turn brown and die.
Affected leaves develop large patches that are dark green water-soaked.
Affected leaves develop small spots and cracked, tan edges.
Affected leaves display whitish or chlorotic blotches, as if they have been sandblasted.
Affected leaves dry out.
Affected leaves remain attached.
Affected leaves show chlorotic or yellow stripes and later become necrotic.
Affected leaves take the cupped appearance of a hooded snake head.
Affected leaves tend to drop off the plant, as occurs with bacterial leaf spot.
Affected leaves turn a gray-green colour which resembles frost damage.
Affected leaves turn a yellowish color while the leaf veins remain a dark green.
Affected leaves turn bright yellow and drop prematurely.
Affected leaves turn brown, drop.
Affected leaves turn yellow or brown and fall prematurely.
Affected leaves turn yellow, wither, drop.
Affected legs are likely to be cold to the touch.
Affected lenticels are darker than the surrounding brown skin and are only slightly sunken.
Affected limbs are weak and poorly developed.
Affected males are related through carrier females.
Affected males have a longer course of disease.
Affected males have clinically normal offspring.
Affected males pass the defective gene to all of their daughters but none of their sons.
Most affected males fall somewhere in the middle.
Affected men are more readily able to focus on other concerns or interests than are women.
Affected men are often infertile from an accompanying paralysis of sperm.
Affected men outnumber affected women two to one.
Affected mares exhibit genital inflammation and vaginal discharge.
Affected materials are rather unpleasant to handle.
Affected mitochondria have impaired oxidative phosphorylation.
Affected mice develop a fatal, progressive glomerulonephropathy.
Affected mice lose weight and sometimes die.
Affected nails are brittle, thickened, dystrophic and yellow brown in colour.
Affected needles develop yellow to tan, often resin-soaked, spots.
Affected needles fall giving the shrub an open, bare appearance.
Affected neonates appear normal at birth, with dark hair at birth and vomiting is rare.
Affected neonates are weak at or shortly after birth.
Affected newborns have elevated levels.
Most affected newborns die within a year.
Affected nodes are usually tender, red and indurated.
Affected parts become mushy, wilt, and die.
Affected parts die back when girdled.
Affected parts turn black and shrivel.
Affected parts turn brown and die back.
Affected parts turn pink to bright red in summer before falling off.
Affected parts wither and die back.
Affected partners are also welcome.
Affected patients are almost always female, and are remarkably normal intellectually.
Affected patients are candidates for novel treatments.
Many affected patients experience spontaneous resolution of double vision within several months.
Many affected patients have poor peripheral circulation and hyperhidrosis of palms and soles.
Most affected patients require enucleation or subtotal orbital exenteration.
Affected people are free to engage in normal activities before, during, and after treatment.
Affected people are high users of prescribed pharmaceuticals and alternative therapies.
Affected people are just the tip of a genetic iceberg.
Affected people are more likely to form kidney stones.
Affected people can generally monitor their symptoms at home.
Affected people can monitor their own chest pain and how well it responses to treatment.
Affected people develop increasing disfigurement following any intermittent exposure to sunlight.
Affected people do well.
Affected people have white hair, colorless skin, red irises, and vision defects.
Affected people lack a critical enzyme that repairs DNA damaged by ultrafiolet light.
Many affected people experience a number of symptoms with each chemical exposure.
Many affected people experience a number of symptoms, in relation to their chemical exposures.
Many affected people move about with no assistance at all and lead independent, productive lives.
Most affected people cope without difficulty.
Most affected people die of malignancy before adulthood.
Most affected people survive into their twenties.
Some affected people are able to walk only until early adulthood, others to an advanced age.
Some affected people are able to walk only until early adulthood, others to an advantaged age.
Affected persons are also more likely to have infections.
Affected persons can help monitor their swollen glands and watch for any new symptoms.
Affected persons have a gray or bronze skin color due to accumulation of iron pigments.
Affected persons pay taxes based on increased or decreased property value.
Affected persons recover completely after a brief period of intense muscular pain and fever.
Affected persons recover with time or when the stressor resolves.
Many affected persons have heart defects and other disorders.
Most affected persons die within the first decade of life.
Affected pets can also develop diarrhea, rapid breathing, increased thirst, even convulsions.
Affected petals have a veined appearance and remain firm.
Affected petioles are brittle and easily broken at harvest.
Affected phones are now operational.
Affected pigs have a dry, nonproductive cough that is most noticeable after exercise.
Affected pigs prefer to lie down and are reluctant to walk.
Affected pigs suffer short periods of illness often followed by periods of recovery.
Affected piglets are dull and walking in a weak manner.
Affected piglets are stiff, have an erect tail, and facial muscle spasms.
Most affected piglets are only one to three days of age.
Affected plant lose vigor and cease growth.
Affected plants appear dark green and stunted.
Affected plants are often permanently unthrifty.
Affected plants are particularly evident in winter.
Affected plants are quite susceptible to winter injury.
Affected plants are stunted, yellowed, have fewer tillers and die prematurely.
Affected plants are unproductive with small, bitter fruit.
Affected plants become dwarfed.
Affected plants can appear until harvest.
Affected plants collapse and die.
Affected plants continue to produce symptomatic leaves regardless of cultural condition.
Affected plants decline rapidly with stems and leaves developing brown, water-soaked lesions.
Affected plants develop moderate to extensive crown and root deterioration.
Affected plants die suddenly, and leaves remain firmly attached.
Affected plants die suddenly, often after excellent growth.
Affected plants exhibit chlorosis, necrosis, stunting, epinasty and shortening of internodes.
Affected plants exhibit increasing periods of wilt until plant death occurs.
Affected plants have a cluster of green leaf-like flowers near the tip of the raceme.
Affected plants have a wilting of the stem tips and the upper leaves are scorched.
Affected plants have as little as a third the normal regrowth after cutting as healthy plants.
Affected plants have few secondary roots.
Affected plants lack vigor, are stunted, and wilt during the heat of the day.
Affected plants produce very few, poor quality pods.
Affected plants pull from the soil with little effort.
Affected plants remain yellow but recover quickly when temperatures increase.
Affected plants show abnormal red pigmentation in the leaves.
Affected plants show brown to nearly black roots which dry out and die.
Affected plants show chlorosis, burn, necrosis and wilting, similar to triazines.
Affected plants show rapid epinasty, tissue proliferation and slow die-back.
Affected plants show rapid epinasty, uncontrolled plant growth, and slow die-back.
Affected plants show yellowing of the foliage, scorching of leaves, defoliation and dieback.
Affected plants tend to show typical phosphorus deficiency symptoms.
Affected plants wilt and die in poorly drained areas of fields.
Affected plants wilt and die suddenly.
Affected portions turn black or brown and appear to have been scorched by fire.
Affected pups are weak, uncoordinated, and mentally dull from birth.
Affected puppies are normally small and unthrifty.
Affected puppies die at a very early age or have to be euthanized.
Affected rabbits are listless, anoretic, and dehydrated.
Affected rabbits drool saliva soaking the neck and chest.
Affected rats lose their fear of cats and are even drawn to feline smells, scientists say.
Affected repairs are to be done on customers' vehicles in a simulated shop environment.
Affected residents can expect light to moderate rainfall and occasional cloud to ground lightning.
Affected roots are soft and honey-brown in color.
Affected runners appear dark green at first, then become necrotic as the wilt becomes irreversible.
Most affected sectors are most likely to be the financial first, followed by technology sector.
Affected seedlings are stunted with smaller needles and poor color.
Affected seedlings fail to emerge or collapse shortly after emergence.
Affected seedlings turn yellow to brown, wilt, and collapse.
Affected seedlings wither and die.
Affected seedlings wither, die, and turn brown.
Affected sheep are depressed and reluctant to stand.
Affected sheep are lethargic and anemic.
Affected sheep lose coordination and become irritable.
Affected sheep rub their coat against a tree or building as if it itches.
Affected sheep suffer a loss of appetite and weight.
Affected shoots become thickened, stunted, distorted, and often die.
Affected sisters are more likely to have severe disease than other.
All affected sites are back up.
Affected skin is particularly sensitive to sunlight.
Affected skin is reddened and uncomfortable.
Affected sons can receive the defective allele from their fathers as well as carrier mothers.
Affected sons can receive the defective dmd allele from their fathers as well as carrier mothers.
Affected squabs become weak and anemic, with en- larged and heavily pigmented spleens and livers.
Affected states are North Dakota, South Dakota and Minnesota.
Affected stems are brittle and appear brown internally.
Affected stems are brittle and easily broken.
Affected stems are nearly black in color.
Affected stocks are safe and engine damage is highly unlikely.
Affected structures feel tender, leading to restricted shoulder movement if diagnosis is delayed.
Affected subroutines are defpattern , lmbind , setpattern , shademodel , and zbuffer .
Affected systems are limited due to the exploit that the worm tries to use to gain remote access.
Most affected systems are in central and north central Texas.
Affected taxpayers are in the presidentially declared disaster areas.
Affected tips turn yellow and eventually brown instead of green.
Affected tissue becomes dark and water-soaked.
Affected tissue is initially water-soaked but later turns dry and necrotic.
Affected tissue is only about an inch or so long.
Affected tissue is yellow initially, turning brown as the disease progresses lengthwise in the bulb.
Affected tissue turns brown, sometimes comprising extensive areas of the leaf.
Affected tissues are tan at first and turn brown with age.
Affected tissues are usually a leached greyish white or brownish white.
Affected tissues contain numerous yellow-white abscesses with a fibrinous exudate.
Affected trees are more susceptible to winterkill.
Affected trees are stunted, less vigorous than normal.
Affected trees decline for one to three years before death occurs.
Affected trees exhibit swollen knots.
Affected trees exude amber-coloured gum from the bark.
Affected trees grow at a slower rate and are more susceptible to attack by bark beetles.
Affected trees have very sparse root systems with few fine, white roots.
Affected trees look like they have been attacked by cicada.
Affected trees produce annual fruitings, sometimes bushel basket in size.
Affected trees show bark decay, gummosis of the collar and stem collars causing dieback of branches.
Affected trees show marked reduction in height and diameter growth.
Affected trees survive two to three years.
Affected trees tend to have sparse foliage at the bottom of the tree going into winter.
Affected tubers are dwarfed and are usually narrow and spindle-shaped.
Affected tubers are unusable for propagation.
Affected tubers have black surface areas.
Affected turf can become thin and the playing surface can soften.
Affected turkeys weigh three to four pounds less at market age.
Affected units are to take a standing delay until the motorcycles are through.
Affected women are symptom free for at least one week during each menstrual cycle.
Most affected women are of childbearing age.
Affected wood is often dark.
Affected workers arrive late and leave early.
Most affected workers are unable to just pick up and find another job.
Affected worms crawl slowly and have a stretched, thin skin.
Affection affirms and shows approval.
Affection can exist without sex, in fact perhaps affection is closer to love than sex is.
Affection can originate in the same two ways.
Affection creates affection.
Affection desires to express itself in costly sacrifices for the loved.
Affection is a separate issue from discipline for the authoritarian parent.
Affection is a tender, warm feeling.
Affection is a vital element that changes after a child.
Affection is also a prerequisite for sustained sexual fulfillment in a relationship.
Affection is another excellent theme for a relationship.
Affection is as essential as food.
Affection is by definition an emotional word.
Affection is feeling
Affection is feelings.
Affection is given without affectation, both ways.
Affection is likes.
Affection is little to none.
Affection is located on the upper back of the head.
Affection is nice too.
Affection is presented through subtlety, with hands gently embracing each other across a table.
Affection is standard for mammals and people.
Affection is the salt of life, kindness a noble thing.
Affection is very reassuring but respect for a partner is essential if the marriage is to survive.
Affection is warmer and it lasts longer.
Affection isa feeling.
Affection makes the hardest joy easy.
Affection needs .
Affection opens our doorways, dispelling self-centeredness.
Affection takes time.
Affections appear within a general horizon of desiring.
Affections are a constitutive part of our religious life.
Affections are strong and the maternal element particularly marked.
Affections are violent things in and of themselves.
Affections come and go in the minor leagues.
Affections is another word for emotions.
Affections reveals nothing short of what a small town can do to a person.
Affection sometimes grows and matures into caring, attachment and love.
Affectional bonds are frayed.
Affectionate love makes a house a home.
Affectionate sex is groovy.
Affective behavior is the emotions, thoughts, and feelings of the user.
Affective component is the emotional or feeling segment of an attitude.
Affective concerns are non-existent.
Affective conflicts relate to socio-emotional or interpersonal relations.
Affective criticism presupposes that such judgments rest on affective criteria.
Affective disorder is a mental disturbance
Affective disorder is mental disorder.
Affective disorders are extremely common as well as often severe and disabling.
Affective disorders are illnesses that affect the way people feel, think and act.
Affective disorders are quite common.
Affective domain is a contruct pertaining to our feelings and motives.
Affective education provides a rationale for the behaviorist delivery.
Affective factors play a major role in determining proficiency.
Affective factors seem to be one of foreign language teachers' biggest worries.
Affective filter is lowered.
Affective illness can vary in severity and in their effect on a person.
Affective leaders have to be about the heart and soul of the organization.
Affective messages are more persuasive in changing attitudes toward blood donation .
Affective objectives are ones that involve appreciations, ideals, attitudes, morals or values.
Affective objectives refer to attitudinal, personal, and social dimensions of outcomes.
Affective outcomes relate to personal qualities and values that students ideally gain.
Affective prayer is more a movement of the heart.
Affective reactions can occur without extensive perceptual and cognitive encoding.
Affective response is unrelated.
Affective responses occur when the learner is overwhelmed with anxiety.
Affective space is bipolar.
Affective stability is absent.
Affective structures are also important for the understanding of the way culture involves the body.
Affenpinschers are the smallest of the pinschers and schnauzers.
An affenpinscher is a guard dog
Afferent arteriole breaks up into many capillary loops inside the glomerulus.
Afferent arteriole has larger diameter than efferent arteriole.
Afferent arteriole is larger than efferent one.
Afferent arteriole leads to glomerulus, a tuft of capillaries.
Afferent arterioles are smaller in diameter than the efferent arterioles.
Afferent arterioles arise from the interlobular arteries.
Afferent axons relay the information to the brain via the cranial nerves.
Afferent fiber is fiber
Afferent fiber is fibre
Afferent fibers supplying the kidney come from the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth thoracic nerves.
Afferent fibres are also present in the vagi, which are mixed nerves.
Afferent information is information that is inbound to the nervous system.
Afferent innervation is provided through the glossopharyngeal nerve.
Afferent messages carry sensations such as heat, cold, or pain.
Afferent neurons carry information from tissues and organs into the central nervous system.
Afferent neurons have one axon, whereas efferent neurons have one central and one peripheral axon.
An afferent neuron is a neuron
Afferent systems are the sensory systems that process information coming into the brain.
Afferents also activate spinal cord neurons that project to the contralateral thalamus.
Affidavit forms are available at all title offices.
Affidavits also reveal new evidence.
Affidavits are also the key to being able to conduct an audit through the mail.
Affidavits are an important component of civil involuntary detention.
Affidavits are available below.
Affidavits are laws.
Affidavits are legal documents which carry consequences for falsehood.
Affidavits are legal documents.
Affidavits are legal forms.
Affidavits are likely to be a critical component of any non-visual quality control system.
Affidavits are testimony.
Affidavits are the most common kind of depositions.
Affidavits impeaching the testimony of a witness are generally insufficient to justify a new trial.
Affidavits made upon information and belief are improper evidentiary submissions.
Affidavits required by the form are to be secured from newspapers publishing such notices.
Affidavits testifying to the applicant's worthiness also provide considerable personal information.
An affidavit is an instrument
An affidavit is testimony
Affiliate companies provide a wide range of options in cruise, vacation packages and other deals.
Most affiliate companies are very focused on a couple of things.
Affiliate marketing allows merchants to pay their affiliates based on performance.
Affiliate marketing is a great method of delivering a host of mutual benefits.
Affiliate marketing is a great way to sell product.
Affiliate marketing is a very popular on-line marketing method.
Affiliate marketing is any type of co-branded advertising that benefits both parties.
Affiliate marketing is estimated to expand exponentially over the next few years.
Affiliate marketing is for real.
Affiliate marketing is hot stuff.
Affiliate marketing is joint venture marketing.
Affiliate marketing is one of the best online marketing programs available for small businesses.
Affiliate marketing is one of the biggest marketing techniques on the Internet.
Affiliate marketing is one of the hottest trends on the Web.
Affiliate marketing is red-hot.
Affiliate marketing is the hottest trend in Internet marketing.
Affiliate marketing is the internet's hottest trend today.
Affiliate marketing is the latest business model.
Affiliate marketing works the same way.
Affiliate networks are a new form of electronic commerce.
Affiliate program is currently under maintenance.
Affiliate program means a reseller program.
Affiliate program offers a higher income source.
Affiliate program pays by commission.
Affiliate program pays generously.
Affiliate program welcomes sites related to Korea, travel, taekwondo, or the World Cup.
Affiliate programs abound on the web.
Affiliate programs allow companies to promote and sell their products from host web sites.
Affiliate programs allow even the most modest Web site to become a moneymaker.
Affiliate programs Anchorage weather Please explore.
Affiliate programs are a good in between solution.
Affiliate programs are a great place to start.
Affiliate programs are a great way to earn website cash.
Affiliate programs are a great way to generate income.
Affiliate programs are a huge part of the internet.
Affiliate programs are a lot like fishing.
Affiliate programs are a partnership between companies and individual web sites.
Affiliate programs are a win-win situation.
Affiliate programs are agreements with merchant's featured on the eInTown page.
Affiliate programs are also a great way to earn extra revenue while adding new content.
Affiliate programs are an efficient way of creating mailing lists to generate sales leads.
Affiliate programs are available for many area in North Central Pennsylvania.
Affiliate programs are basically lead-referral type programs.
Affiliate programs are basically partnerships between businesses and web site owners.
Affiliate programs are basically partnerships between businesses and webmasters.
Affiliate programs are basically partnerships between merchants and webmasters.
Affiliate programs are big offenders here.
Affiliate programs are 'commission sales' programs by online e-merchants.
Affiliate programs are definitely here to stay.
Affiliate programs are do-able.
Affiliate programs are highly profitable, long term relationships.
Affiliate programs are hot.
Affiliate programs are one of the best traffic generators , second only to search engine traffic.
Affiliate programs are pretty simple.
Affiliate programs are the cheapest way to acquire new customers - by a huge margin.
Affiliate programs are the foundation of that new industry.
Affiliate programs are the Internet's version of reseller programs that have been around for ages.
Affiliate programs are the key to a successful web site.
Affiliate programs are the sales channels of the Internet.
Affiliate programs are the true future of Internet marketing.
Affiliate programs are the ultimate 'middle-man' product for the Internet.
Affiliate programs are the wave of the future.
Affiliate programs are usually free to sign up for.
Affiliate programs are very effective Internet marketing tools.
Affiliate programs are very popular on the Internet.
Affiliate programs are well worth the time and effort.
Affiliate programs are, at their best, about opportunity.
Affiliate programs banner ads keyword purchases.
Affiliate programs build relations.
Affiliate programs can be a great source of traffic and revenue.
Affiliate programs can be a very effective way to tap into the popularity of already existing sites.
Affiliate programs can be a very powerful source of income for a website.
Affiliate programs can be an excellent alternative to banner ads for marketing on the web.
Affiliate programs can be great if used properly and in moderation.
Affiliate programs can be great.
Affiliate programs can work for companies of all sizes.
Affiliate programs change their terms, companies go out of business, or change their products.
Affiliate programs cost substantially less per sale than banner advertising campaigns.
Affiliate programs create an e-commerce business with advertising links.
Affiliate programs create an e-commerce internet business with internet advertising and links.
Affiliate programs do work.
Affiliate programs exploit such networks, as do permission e-mail lists.
Affiliate programs listed above are really also business opportunities.
Affiliate programs make it possible to sell products independently.
Affiliate programs makes the most sense when they're targeted.
Affiliate programs offer a range of payouts and traffic programs for webmasters.
Affiliate programs offer an unprecedented work from home job opportunity.
Affiliate programs offer something for sale to internet surfers, shoppers or entrepreneurs.
Affiliate programs pay commissions to resellers who help to distribure their products.
Affiliate programs pay jack squat.
Affiliate programs pay the sites that participate in a number of different ways.
Affiliate programs pay webmasters based on the number of people that are sent to their websites.
Affiliate programs referral programs comission click thru click through partnership programs.
Affiliate programs use performance-based compensation for advertising.
Affiliate programs vary according to local needs and resources.
Affiliate programs vary widely in terms of quality, reliability and their pay plans.
Many affiliate programs generate thousands of revenue dollars on a monthly basis.
Many affiliate programs mail checks quarterly and have minimum sales requirements.
Many affiliate programs offer either pay per click or pay per lead.
Many affiliate programs offer little if any training.
Many affiliate programs offer similar incentives.
Many affiliate programs offer what is known as a 'return day policy'.
Many affiliate programs prohibit the use of email to promote their programs.
Many affiliate programs promise the moon and never deliver penny one.
Many affiliate programs rely on their novelty to make the sale.
Many affiliate programs require additional application fees and photos.
Most affiliate programs are an after thought to someone's Internet business plan.
Most affiliate programs are free to join, so the competition can be fierce.
Most affiliate programs are free to join.
Most affiliate programs are free.
Most affiliate programs are very easy to join.
Most affiliate programs drive people to a home page, full of confusing choices.
Most affiliate programs pay for actual sales.
Most affiliate programs pay the site publisher a percentage of revenue without regard to margin.
Most affiliate programs require the person to do something other than look at the page.
Most affiliate programs try to recruit as many affiliate members as possible.
Some affiliate programs drive people to a shopping cart filled with thousands of items.
Some affiliate programs drive people to a shopping section filled with thousands of items for sale.
Some affiliate programs pay every week, others quarterly, others anytime in between.
Affiliate agrees to cooperate with BUYandHOLD in establishing and maintaining such links.
Affiliate agrees to provide SFI with a valid email address upon registration.
Affiliate agrees to use only SFI-approved ads.
Affiliate can offer entire product catalogs, product categories, multiple products or a single item.
Affiliate consulting groups pay a fee for listings.
Affiliate is quick and easy.
Affiliate sells hotel brand foods.
Affiliates act as independent, online salespeople.
Affiliates agree to promote the event by distributing flyers and making calls to clients.
Affiliates also earn commission overrides from webmasters they refer to the program.
Affiliates also provide a construction supervisor for leadership and instruction.
Affiliates also receive discounts on software.
Affiliates also receive priority red star listing in our directory.
Affiliates are able to sell domain name registration services direct from their site.
Affiliates are able to use and resell any of our services.
Affiliates are affiliates.
Affiliates are associates.
Affiliates are fine, but the key is the power of persuasion.
Affiliates are free to display the Affiliate Seal on any and all publication.
Affiliates are free to make their own banners or text links.
Affiliates are grass-roots organizations of local people coming together to address local needs.
Affiliates are in their developmental stages but are growing rapidly.
Affiliates are independent organizations which support our purposes and objectives.
Affiliates are individual contributors who represent specific vertical-industry standards bodies.
Affiliates are invertable.
Affiliates are like shopping malls.
Affiliates are more than people who have each other's button's on their page.
Affiliates are music students, educators, music therapists, etc.
Affiliates are non-voting members and receive all Associate publications and mailings.
Affiliates are organizations.
Affiliates are other companies that are commonly owned or controlled by our parent holding company.
Affiliates are other financial service providers that are members of our corporate family.
Affiliates are our business partners and are serviced as such.
Affiliates are responsible for any taxes or fees imposed by their state or country.
Affiliates are revenue partners.
Affiliates are sites that take a viewer directly to a sales situation.
Affiliates are the equivalent of a pay per performance sales force.
Affiliates are thus able to provide input at the early stages of the work of the commission.
Affiliates are typically people or organizations who regularly attend our forums and colloquia.
Affiliates are welcome to include materials they want to share with colleagues in the field.
Affiliates are welcome to promote their own websites.
Affiliates are welcome to sign up for the purpose of receiving a discount on their own membership.
Affiliates are welcome.
Affiliates are wise to their comparable affiliate market.
Affiliates assist in the distribution of data throughout the state.
Affiliates Become an affiliate and get more traffic.
Affiliates become an integral part of our site system.
Affiliates begin earning commissions with their first sale.
Affiliates build an action agenda centered on citizen participation, public policy, and education.
Affiliates build mission awareness within themselves and in their daily contacts in society.
Affiliates Call for a list of affiliations.
Affiliates can access online reporting on the performance of their banner at any time.
Affiliates can add tracker notes so they can be reminded which ad was for what.
Affiliates can advertise on specific destination pages.
Affiliates can also earn commissions on products they buy for themselves.
Affiliates can also purchase the product at a significant discount.
Affiliates can also receive copies of all program publications.
Affiliates can also sign up for affiliate programs from several companies.
Affiliates can also sign up for several affiliate programs at the same time.
Affiliates can also take advantage of one of the hottest Internet trends- naming their own price.
Affiliates can also track according to their own personal counter.
Affiliates can answer fashion questions and needs.
Affiliates can be resident or non-resident.
Affiliates can begin displaying merchandise immediately upon approval.
Affiliates can build virtual storefronts with merchant s products right on their own site.
Affiliates can check stats and comission amounts anytime.
Affiliates can check stats online to see how much they've earned.
Affiliates can check their sales here.
Affiliates can choose the background colour of the form.
Affiliates can choose to receive payment in e-gold.
Affiliates can click a button and get their passwords emailed to the affiliates in case they forgot.
Affiliates can continue to struggle in isolation.
Affiliates can download and print catalogs, order forms and credit applications.
Affiliates can earn a portion of the pool each month.
Affiliates can earn commissions on every sale.
Affiliates can earn from multiple networks and companies while promoting just one system.
Affiliates can earn Powerpoints to increase their commission checks.
Affiliates can fill out a survey as many times as they like.
Affiliates can further expand their businesses by contracting with sub-affiliates.
Affiliates can have more than one URL in their account.
Affiliates can include ad codes for even better performance tracking.
Affiliates can learn how to go digital.
Affiliates can login to their account at any time for real-time traffic and commission reports.
Affiliates can make commission on their own purchases.
Affiliates can monitor the success of their program with a specially designed activity report.
Affiliates can monitor their performance in real time via a web browser.
Affiliates can now view traffic statistics, sales, returns, commissions, and payment history online.
Affiliates can preview all content before selecting it.
Affiliates can receive commissions for six months or more, with just one click.
Affiliates can retain their membership for two years after their training period ends.
Affiliates can see past historical data for their convenience.
Affiliates can specify the colour of the border around the form.
Affiliates can upgrade to other member categories at any time by paying the appropriate annual fee.
Affiliates can use part of the adcopy for their links.
Affiliates can view account information at any time.
Affiliates can view stats by the day.
Affiliates Check out related sites.
Affiliates choose separate delegates.
Affiliates choose to partner with merchants with whom they can be successful.
Affiliates choose what they want to sell from thousands of name-brand products.
Affiliates coordinate house building and select partner families.
Affiliates disseminate ideas and programming throughout the country.
Affiliates do shop around.
Affiliates earn a commission on each sale they generate.
Affiliates earn a commission on each sale they help generate.
Affiliates earn a commission on every sale, and there is no obligation.
Affiliates earn comissions simply by enticing online customers to click over to the retail store.
Affiliates earn commission on purchases made for five years from referral.
Affiliates earn commissions by referring their customers to the leading merchants on the net.
Affiliates earn commissions for each product sold through their web sites.
Affiliates earn commissions for products and services sold through their web sites.
Affiliates earn commissions on all sales generated by their sites.
Affiliates earn discounts on their own purchases.
Affiliates earn on registrations and sales from their site.
Affiliates earn one free month of hosting per referral.
Affiliates gain access to useful link software and lot of free stuff.
Affiliates get a commission on anything their visitors buy from that site.
Affiliates get a free reseller website created instantly at our join page.
Affiliates get free marketing material like banners, ad-templates, marketing course.
Affiliates get great value through interacting with faculty members here.
Affiliates get network subsidies for some of their basic operating costs.
Affiliates get personal web sales page, personal shopping cart and advertising aids.
Affiliates get to maintain their own brand and 'look and feel'.
Affiliates have access to detailed statistics and tracking features.
Affiliates have access to real-time commission and referral stats.
Affiliates have access to real-time commission stats.
Affiliates have access to reports showing information about content integration and placement.
Affiliates have amazing flexibility.
Affiliates have complete control of the banner space.
Affiliates have creative freedom to link however they like.
Affiliates have different fiscal years.
Affiliates have no purchase requirements.
Affiliates have no voting rights.
Affiliates have the ability to check their daily statistics via our online reporting feature.
Affiliates have the ability to run online reports at anytime.
Affiliates have the ability to set the time a seminar is accessible.
Affiliates have their own sales statistics page.
Affiliates have unlimited amount of tracker IDs so they can track their advertisements.
Affiliates help view cart .
Affiliates increase revenue by selling local advertiser spots at premium rates.
Affiliates increase their own traffic and earn referral fees for sales originating from their sites.
Affiliates influence the development and shape of NISS programs and activities.
Affiliates join for free and earn commissions by referring traffic or sales to merchant Web sites.
Affiliates join free.
Affiliates Join our program and earn cash for hosting our ads.
Affiliates listings far outstrip the others in numbers of page views.
Affiliates Look deeper into our interaction with other companies.
Affiliates Make money with superHost' s profitable affiliate program.
Affiliates Make money with superHost's profitable affiliate program.
Affiliates make more and merchants make more.
Affiliates manage all the fund-raising, building, and family selection in their area.
Affiliates monitor local, state, and regional issues.
Affiliates negotiate a price when they sign up, and can ask for adjustments as their volume changes.
Affiliates pay an annual fee based on the number of students enrolled.
Affiliates pay an annual maintenance fee for participation in the program.
Affiliates pay an annual maintenance fee.
Affiliates pre-sell the product and get the traffic to the merchant.
Affiliates provide the facilities and vehicles for students to test new ideas and technology.
Affiliates raise their own funds to build homes.
Affiliates receive a free website from which to market Webtrader.
Affiliates receive a single monthly commission check.
Affiliates receive comprehensive audio and video training.
Affiliates receive copies of unpublished papers on request.
Affiliates receive credit for orders placed by shoppers they have referred.
Affiliates receive discounts on adds in Taproot .
Affiliates receive exclusivity of territory.
Affiliates receive faculty publications, research announcements, and other relevant materials.
Affiliates receive free web space for their company and free technical assistance.
Affiliates receive great support and a lot of promotional materials.
Affiliates receive monthly click-through and total sales and revenue reports every month.
Affiliates receive one free directory per year.
Affiliates receive substantial discounts on registration.
Affiliates receive three free per year.
Affiliates see their default banner code, with additional categorized material only a click away.
Affiliates sign up here .
Affiliates span the globe.
Affiliates span the North American continent.
Affiliates Take a moment to visit our affiliates and links.
Affiliates tend to be rankled by manual approval.
Affiliates turn their content into commerce and their Web sites into powerful revenue generators.
Affiliates use network programming, but are owned by someone else.
Affiliates use Search Indonesia as their search gateway in their sites.
Affiliates use the information in different ways according to their national circumstances.
Affiliates use the service for free.
Affiliates vary in size and scope.
Affiliates Welcome to the affiliate area, please see our disclaimer .
Affiliates work at home job opportunities.
Affiliates working overseas pay slightly higher fees, see back of form for details.
An affiliate is an associate
All affiliates are able to offer the same services at the same prices.
All affiliates have access to the service queue to get any questions or concerns addressed.
All affiliates have complete sets available.
All affiliates have individual program applications, usually located in the program brochure.
All affiliates have unlimited space on our server.
All affiliates maintain security and privicy in compliance with our standards.
All affiliates provide a core set of programs, and many offer expanded services.
All affiliates receive a free replicated web site with unique URL extension.
All affiliates receive a real time stats page.
All affiliates share certain characteristics, though there are some differences.
Every affiliate follows a non discriminatory policy of family selection.
Every affiliate follows a non-discriminatory policy for family selection.
Every affiliate follows a nondiscriminatory policy of family selection.
Every affiliate follows a non-discriminatory policy of family selection.
Every affiliate goes through the same process.
Every affiliate has some kind of context, whether it is car racing, women's issues, or travel news.
Every affiliate maintains a revolving fund.
Many affiliates also operate their own local cultural tourism programs.
Many affiliates earn several thousand dollars each month.
Many affiliates earn thousands of dollars displaying banner and text links on their web sites.
Many affiliates utilize Trustees to perform the required audits.
Most affiliates claim they never pay commissions due.
Most affiliates start wrong and then just keep adding to that.
Some affiliates already have websites with established audiences.
Some affiliates choose to do significant work preserving and revitalizing non-profit facilities.
Some affiliates have a partners page, others have our logo on the bottom of everypage.
Some affiliates have speakers' bureaus.
Some affiliates have special clinics for men to address their specific reproductive health needs.
Some affiliates look for income potentials and develop new websites to draw that audience.
Some affiliates offer continuing legal education credits for meetings and seminars.
Some affiliates organize their work in a one-day blitz while others work over several weekends.
Some affiliates organize their work in a one-day blitz, while others work over several weekends.
Some affiliates prefer earnings be held until they are even greater.
Some affiliates take a reverse approach.
Affiliated agencies allow interns to work closely with clients.
Affiliated analysts are also more likely to cover overpriced stocks than are unaffiliated analysts.
Many affiliated camps offer opportunities for non-members.
Affiliated churches collect and distribute clothing for women and children.
Affiliated clubs send their top six anglers to compete as three two-person teams.
Most affiliated clubs arrange low cost group testing sessions.
Affiliated companies are subsidiaries and managed companies.
Affiliated companies have separate product lines.
Some affiliated companies send researchers to the campus for collaborations.
Affiliated entities offer managed care services, including health plans for employers.
Affiliated faculty are welcome to call with questions or suggestions at any time.
Affiliated groups are groups associated with the university.
Affiliated groups are responsible for their own funding.
Affiliated hospital maintains the latest in technologies.
Affiliated hospitals are all within a ten mile radius in and around Hartford.
Affiliated hospitals are subject to change.
Every affiliated institution is entitled to vote, and all postgraduates are welcome to attend.
Affiliated members are welcome to bring any issue to the committee for discussion at any time.
Affiliated members can participate in the scientific work of the association.
Affiliated members welcome.
Affiliated organizations are non-voting members.
Affiliated organizations exist in several countries.
Affiliated organizations receive a discounted rate.
Affiliated programs offer course work in English as well as many foreign languages at all levels.
Some affiliated programs provide services to families with children to the age of five.
Affiliated retailers enjoy tremendous exposure and awareness through the unique program.
Affiliated sites are also great.
Affiliated sponsors are solely responsible for the contents of their sites.
Affiliated staff are in nearby research institutes or teaching hospitals.
Affiliated staff includes geriatricians, neuropsychologists, and geriatric clinical pharmacists. .
Affiliation also occurs whenever a user changes talkgroups.
Affiliation also shows continued strong growth.
Affiliation helps anchor people and stabilize their perspective in a crisis.
Affiliation indicates that a company is interested in excellence and progressive thought.
Affiliation is a two-way process.
Affiliation is about whose interests the business represents.
Affiliation is an agreement for both parties to work together.
Affiliation is association
Affiliation is association.
Affiliation is by way of an industry-standard barter arrangement.
Affiliation is determined by the human rather than the hardware being repaired.
Affiliation is for a specified piece of work, and for specified periods of time.
Affiliation is free and can be easily achieved by completing the attached application form.
Affiliation is free.
Affiliation is important to maintaining mental well being.
Affiliation is limited to U.S. educational institutions.
Affiliation is on a calendar year basis.
Affiliation is relationships.
Affiliation is required.
Affiliation is the members' desire to belong to something.
Affiliation is the name of the organization author is working with.
Affiliation means that a union is merged with a parent union.
Affiliation opens up an array of new educational opportunities for our students and faculty.
Affiliation promotes professional unity from the local through the national levels.
Affiliation provides for the exchange of faculty members and joint research.
Affiliation provides students with an opportunity to interact with members of all ages.
Affiliations are for identification only.
Affiliations are mixed case, use italic font.
Affiliations are possible at many other institutions throughout the country.
Affiliations are usually for a term of three years but can be renewed indefinitely.
Affiliations are valid for a maximum of six months and are renewable.
Affiliations are well under way.
Affiliations can be a group or an individual choice.
Affiliations come into play during recruiting and playing certain cards.
Affiliations create opportunities to shop across media for products on a given topic.
Affiliations Learn about other professional forester affiliations.
Affiliations Learn about our profesional and business affiliations.
Affiliations listed are as of the date of the appearance.
Affiliations listed reflect the individual's primary association as of the time of the interview.
Affiliations reflect winners' information when the award was presented.
All affiliation know each other.
All affiliations are to be listed together and centered below the list of authors.
All affiliations welcome One secure site.
Any affiliations provided are for information and identification purposes only.
Most affiliations are correct.
Affiliative leaders create emotional bonds and harmony.
Affine maps determine how an object is rotated, moved, enlarged or shrinked.
Affine transformation is transformation
Affine transformations are generalizations of Euclidean transformations.
Affinity chromatography allows protein purification in a relatively short time with a high yield.
Affinity chromatography can be an extremely effective way to purify certain proteins.
Affinity chromatography is also available.
Affinity chromatography offers several advantages compared to conventional purification techniques.
Affinity chromatography takes advantage of the biological activity of proteins for separation.
Affinity diagrams are one of the practical means used to gather employee input.
Affinity groups are intimate activist groups who get trained in action and decision-making.
Affinity groups are similar to focus groups.
Affinity groups are the basic planning and decision making bodies for the mass action.
Affinity Groups are the building blocks of egalitarian spiritual communities.
Affinity groups based around a community or a co-operative workplace can be very close.
Affinity groups become close-knit, meeting every six weeks, sometimes with spouses.
Affinity groups can request a room to which they can carry their buffet plates.
Affinity groups form the basic decision-making bodies of mass actions.
Affinity groups form the basic decision-making bodies of mass direct actions.
Affinity groups have a life cycle of their own, from concept to maturity to extinction.
Affinity Groups have both educational and advising roles and are a program requirement.
Affinity groups meet throughout the week.
Affinity groups serve as a source of support and solidarity for their members.
Affinity groups serve as a source of support for the mem-bers and reinforce a sense of solidarity.
Affinity groups use it to organize themselves.
Affinity laws allow the output of a turbine to be predicted based on model tests.
Affinity laws are derived by requiring similitude between the test model and the application.
Affinity marketing is focused on the desires of consumers that belong to reference groups.
Affinity marketing represents a major break from traditional mass marketing, observers agree.
Affinity marketing represents a major break from traditional mass marketing.
Affinity maturation refers to an increase in antibody affinity.
Affinity programs provide an innovative, supplemental channel for post-purchase offer presentation.
Affinity programs take a little bit more care.
Affinity purification provides a high degree of specific immunoreactivity.
Affinities Learn about other organizations of interest.
Affinity arising from fornication is confined to the second degree.
Affinity has a new look and many new features.
Affinity has excellent disease resistance.
Affinity holds more promise than meets the eye.
Affinity is a developer of transaction technologies for the financial industry.
Affinity is a variable quality.
Affinity is any emotional attitude which indicates the degree of liking for someone or something.
Affinity is attraction
Affinity is attraction.
Affinity is based on recreating together.
Affinity is compatible with most third-party products.
Affinity is dedicated to helping our clients succeed on the Web.
Affinity is dedicated to providing our customers with dependable service.
Affinity is dedicated to using the newest technologies in order to simplify our customers' lives.
Affinity is determined by the interaction of the molecular structures of the receptor and the drug.
Affinity is forces.
Affinity is kinship.
Affinity is relations.
Affinity is relationship established by marriage.
Affinity is resemblance.
Affinity is roughly the reciprocal of km.
Affinity is the degree of liking or affection.
Affinity is the drug's ability to attach itself to , or bind with a receptor, or site of action.
Affinity is the muse of interconnectedness, or the well-placed hyperlink.
Affinity offers a high-quality service with two competitive residential calling plans.
Affinity offers an integrated, patient-centered database.
Affinity offers our clients more choices in color and size, which fits their lifestyle choice.
Affinity offers very competitive rates as well.
Affinity plays a role in drug potency, but so does intrinsic efficacy.
Affinity reduces customer erosion.
Affinity refers to the strength that a substance binds to a receptor.
Affinity relates the drug concentration to the fractional receptor occupancy.
Affinity strives to find a balanced match between the business' needs and the employee's talents.
Affinity uses a billing method called incremental billing.
Affinity uses Cisco equipment in our network.
Affinity uses the vast network of a major carrier for all calls.
Affirmations of faith are part of that process of change.
Affirmation believes that homosexuality is an inherent and normal variation of human sexuality.
Affirmation Click to buy.
Affirmation creates community.
Affirmation is a place for open and honest dialogue, friendship and support.
Affirmation is a place of open and honest dialogue, friendship and support.
Affirmation is a place to grow and find our own unique individuality.
Affirmation is a powerful tool for growing a friend.
Affirmation is always nice to receive.
Affirmation is an assertion
Affirmation is commitment.
Affirmation is constant.
Affirmation is critically important to the health of any relationship.
Affirmation is dedicated to teaching truth and strengthening individuals and families.
Affirmation is judgment.
Affirmation is speech acts.
Affirmation is statements.
Affirmation is the strongest antidote to burn-out.
Affirmation is to be found amongst forms which look hideous to the elders.
Affirmation isa statement.
Affirmation reveals directive to the press.
Affirmations absolutely work.
Affirmations are a focused form of thought.
Affirmations are a powerful tool to reprogram the subconscious.
Affirmations are a proven, powerful way of transforming self-defeating beliefs.
Affirmations are an amazingly effective way to change one's thoughts and expectations.
Affirmations are far stronger than the strongest visible thing in the world.
Affirmations are great.
Affirmations are like planting seeds in the ground.
Affirmations are like planting seeds.
Affirmations are matters of the heart.
Affirmations are positive thinking in action.
Affirmations are positive, motivating statements.
Affirmations are powerful.
Affirmations are quite popular with some people.
Affirmations are statements that reflect our positive attitude and thought.
Affirmations are very powerful when suggested in hypnotic trance.
Affirmations can and do provide some astounding results when used correctly.
Affirmations can be quite valuable for directing ones mind in the directions one chooses to go.
Affirmations can do more than avert a crisis.
Affirmations can either be positive or negative in nature.
Affirmations can replace bad habits with constructive actions.
Affirmations continually confirm our existence, both positive and negative.
Affirmations counteract negative story lines with positive words and feelings.
Affirmations create space where reality can happen.
Affirmations generally get a bad rap.
Affirmations help heal suppressed material, and promote integration.
Affirmations helps break that logjam.
Affirmations illustrate just how powerful language can be.
Affirmations is a juried publication.
Affirmations is very powerful and wonderful things.
Affirmations literally bring ideas from the future into the present tense.
Affirmations made here are for general information.
Affirmations offers a wide variety of support groups for Gay, Lesbian, and Bisexual persons.
Affirmations reflect the spiritual law of perfection everywhere now.
Affirmations reinforce wisdom and anticipate good results.
Affirmations simply plant seeds for new thoughts to grow.
Affirmations work best when stated in the present tense.
Affirmations work by altering our outlook on a situation.
Affirmations work for many reasons.
Affirmative access has considerable appeal.
Affirmative action accepts and condones the idea of an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
Affirmative action accepts that a job for everyone is impossible.
Affirmative action achieves desegregation with minimum cost to historic measures of merit.
Affirmative action achieves leveling by unabashed pretence.
Affirmative action advances a multi-dimensional nature of excellence.
Affirmative action aids only women and minorities who are wealthy.
Affirmative action aims at socioeconomic equality.
Affirmative action aims to remedy such discrimination.
Affirmative action allows agencies to set goals.
Affirmative action allows students who have had difficult upbringings to make up for it.
Affirmative action amounts to reverse discrimination.
Affirmative action appears to have done just that.
Affirmative action applies to all job categories and levels.
Affirmative action assures that members of all ethnic groups are present within a college.
Affirmative action attempts to correct underrepresentations in society.
Affirmative action becomes an interesting paradox.
Affirmative action benefits only a select few, and is a primarily Black vs. White issue.
Affirmative action boosts the bottom line.
Affirmative action breaks apart American unity by dividing people into statistical groups.
Affirmative action can be constitutional.
Affirmative action can have a negative effect on the business economy as well.
Affirmative action conceals the achievement gap.
Affirmative action continues the victimization, but merely designates a different group of victims.
Affirmative action continues to be a powerful tool in fighting such blatant inequality.
Affirmative action continues to be a thorny issue.
Affirmative action continues to be the subject of court cases.
Affirmative action continues to come under attack both politically and in the courts.
Affirmative action creates problems with standards and increases racial friction.
Affirmative action creates problems.
Affirmative action denies jobs to the most qualified.
Affirmative action destroys equality and the economic status of our nation.
Affirmative action determine the quality and status of the labor force.
Affirmative action differs from equal opportunity.
Affirmative action discriminates against whites to make up for white discrimination in the past.
Affirmative action does help minority students get into college, no question about that.
Affirmative action does n ot set out a quota for businesses or schools to meet.
Affirmative action does nothing for women whose goal is legal equality.
Affirmative action does undoubtedly help minorities get another look.
Affirmative action encourages equal opportunities for education.
Affirmative action enlarges the pool of qualified applicants to give everyone a fair chance.
Affirmative action ensures equal opportunity in employment and is a voluntary process.
Affirmative action equals quotas.
Affirmative action flies in the face of equal treatment under the law.
Affirmative action forces institutions to lower their standards when hiring.
Affirmative action gets high marks.
Affirmative action gets the new fuel into the tank .
Affirmative action gives everybody a fair chance.
Affirmative action gives everyone a chance to be judged on individual ability.
Affirmative action gives minorities a chance to get a job and the same pay as white people do.
Affirmative action gives minorities a competitive choice.
Affirmative action gives minorities the right to equal education.
Affirmative action gives unfair advantages.
Affirmative action goes against that principle.
Affirmative action goes beyond the passive policy of nondiscrimination.
Affirmative action goes further than equal employment opportunity.
Affirmative action guarantees black inferiority.
Affirmative action has a strange history.
Affirmative action has some good points and some bad ones.
Affirmative action has very little to do, in practice, with righting historical wrongs.
Affirmative action helps children overcome the barriers that institutional racism creates.
Affirmative action helps everyone get an opportunity to have an opportunity.
Affirmative action helps mostly the few who have made it through high school and beyond.
Affirmative action helps take away some of that anxiety.
Affirmative action increases bigotry, resentment, racism and sexism.
Affirmative action is a bias and unconstitutional act that is a cause for unnecessary problems.
Affirmative action is a classic example.
Affirmative action is a core value.
Affirmative action is a fight for a heterogeneous, smarter, more interesting society.
Affirmative action is a form of racial discrimination.
Affirmative action is a fraud.
Affirmative action is a good idea, but it can only be enforced by using quotas.
Affirmative action is a great tool for minorities.
Affirmative action is a growing argument among our society.
Affirmative action is a handout to minorities based solely on their skin color.
Affirmative action is a key question for the working class.
Affirmative action is a limited but important and positive reform.
Affirmative action is a matter of jobs, promotions, government contracts, and education.
Affirmative action is a matter of principle.
Affirmative action is a matter of sound social policy.
Affirmative action is a more proactive concept.
Affirmative action is a painful and tricky issue for the Jewish community.
Affirmative action is a priority concern in all facets of operation.
Affirmative action is a question of morals.
Affirmative action is a real hot-button issue across the country, especially in California.
Affirmative action is a strategy to include minorities in the process of acquiring economic wealth.
Affirmative action is a system of goals and programs that strengthens our national economy.
Affirmative action is a temporary solution.
Affirmative action is a tool to monitor the consequences of employment practices.
Affirmative action is a tool used to facilitate equal opportunity.
Affirmative action is a very important subject.
Affirmative action is a volatile issue that generates strong feelings on every side.
Affirmative action is about breaking down the barriers that women face in employment.
Affirmative action is about community, about bringing people together.
Affirmative action is about fairness, it's about social justice.
Affirmative action is about opening doors and giving people opportunities.
Affirmative action is about opening the door of opportunity.
Affirmative action is about the balance of power.
Affirmative action is absolutely inherently and totally wrong.
Affirmative action is all about fairness and access.
Affirmative action is already part of the fabric of American life.
Affirmative action is also a help - both at the university level and in the work place.
Affirmative action is also stupid.
Affirmative action is also the law.
Affirmative action is also under fire in the courts.
Affirmative action is an anti-discrimination measure.
Affirmative action is an attempt to facilitate a more level playing field.
Affirmative action is an essential component to educational access.
Affirmative action is an example of community rights.
Affirmative action is an imperfect solution.
Affirmative action is an important step for the American workforce.
Affirmative action is an intentional good-faith effort to reverse the ills of the past.
Affirmative action is an issue of much contention in recent times.
Affirmative action is an issue of racial discrimination.
Affirmative action is an obsolete policy.
Affirmative action is an open invitation to blackmail and extortion.
Affirmative action is an outreach, recruiting the person with a wider variety of ideas.
Affirmative action is another area where the court is deeply divided.
Affirmative action is another word for discrimination.
Affirmative action is as concerned about retention as it is about recruitment.
Affirmative action is bad for business.
Affirmative action is bad.
Affirmative action is based on opportunity where equality does exist.
Affirmative action is based on the ability to count, to have quotas.
Affirmative action is by no means the solution to America's racial inequalities.
Affirmative action is certainly a diversity issue but by no means the only one.
Affirmative action is controversial because the question of merit always comes up.
Affirmative action is designed to correct a mistake or an imbalance in the workforce.
Affirmative action is essential to increase the numbers of underrepresented individuals.
Affirmative action is essentially institutionalized discrimination.
Affirmative action is everyone s responsibility.
Affirmative action is everyone's responsibility.
Affirmative action is extortion and it is demeaning to women.
Affirmative action is far from perfect.
Affirmative action is fertile ground for the evil it ostensibly opposes.
Affirmative action is for the benefit of the larger society.
Affirmative action is good for the United States, especially in education.
Affirmative action is government-initiated and mandated in certain circumstances.
Affirmative action is high on the agenda.
Affirmative action is implemented at all levels of the school system.
Affirmative action is important because it is about the future.
Affirmative action is indeed a thorny issue for all who believe that justice is an attainable goal.
Affirmative action is indefensible.
Affirmative action is inherently discriminatory and wrong.
Affirmative action is intended to make opportunities available to all qualified candidates.
Affirmative action is just one means to that end.
Affirmative action is just one policy splitting the country.
Affirmative action is just reverse discrimination against white males.
Affirmative action is justified based on past mistreatment of minorities.
Affirmative action is key to the welfare and progress of the working class as a whole.
Affirmative action is meant to be a temporary phenomenon to achieve workforce integration.
Affirmative action is more controversial.
Affirmative action is more than achieving some statistical target or goal.
Affirmative action is more.
Affirmative action is most uncool.
Affirmative action is much more than recruitment and curricula.
Affirmative action is necessary because discrimination still exists.
Affirmative action is necessary to eliminate discrimination.
Affirmative action is necessary to help level the playing field.
Affirmative action is necessary to make progress towards equality.
Affirmative action is needed in America today.
Affirmative action is needed, too.
Affirmative action is needed.
Affirmative action is neither poison nor panacea.
Affirmative action is no longer a remedy for past injustice.
Affirmative action is no longer necessary for women.
Affirmative action is off the table.
Affirmative action is okay.
Affirmative action is on the ropes once again, and deservedly so.
Affirmative action is once again under fire.
Affirmative action is one of the traditional scapegoats.
Affirmative action is one such strategy.
Affirmative action is one way to remedy the effects of centuries of racism and legal discrimination.
Affirmative action is only a modest start to countering white racism.
Affirmative action is preference for inclusion, for equal opportunity, for real democracy.
Affirmative action is preventative and inclusive.
Affirmative action is preventive and inclusive.
Affirmative action is pure racism.
Affirmative action is racism under new management.
Affirmative action is racism, pure and simple, and actually hinders race relations.
Affirmative action is really quotas.
Affirmative action is really the attitudes and behaviors that come from a state of mind.
Affirmative action is related to climate and culture on campus.
Affirmative action is required.
Affirmative action is reverse discrimination.
Affirmative action is selective in mandating changes that benefit previously disadvantaged groups.
Affirmative action is simply a smoke screen.
Affirmative action is simply the opposite of passive inaction.
Affirmative action is simply the same old discrimination in reverse.
Affirmative action is something to be supported, until better and more effective plans are proposed.
Affirmative action is squishy - education is key.
Affirmative action is still the solution for systemic or universal racism.
Affirmative action is taken as appropriate.
Affirmative action is the best attempt that's been placed on the table so far.
Affirmative action is the equal employment of all races and sexes.
Affirmative action is the new racial discrimination.
Affirmative action is the organizations' and the nation's protection against that.
Affirmative action is the result of laws requiring equal opportunity.
Affirmative action is too little, too late.
Affirmative action is two-edged sword.
Affirmative action is unconstitutional.
Affirmative action is under attack at the federal level, and has been eliminated in some states.
Affirmative action is under attack.
Affirmative action is unjust and unfair.
Affirmative action is unnecessary.
Affirmative action is uprooted from a common sensical notion of fair play or justice.
Affirmative action is very noble when looking at who benefits from the outcome.
Affirmative action is, finally, a matter of sound educational policy and practice.
Affirmative action is, in our view, a program, rather than a vision.
Affirmative action judges people by their race and discriminates against others based on their race.
Affirmative action leads to reverse discrimination .
Affirmative action leads to reverse discrimination.
Affirmative action looms as an election flash point in California.
Affirmative action means a bigger pool of employees, and eventually a bigger pool of customers.
Affirmative action means equal opportunity to compete.
Affirmative action means establishing a quota system for women and minorities.
Affirmative action means having the chance to participate in the American dream.
Affirmative action means making a determined effort to reach out to minority candidates.
Affirmative action means putting in affirmative actors.
Affirmative action means settling for second best.
Affirmative action opens the door for women.
Affirmative action opens the doors to opportunity and advancement.
Affirmative action opposes civil rights .
Affirmative action plans consists of two primary sections.
Affirmative action plays a key role in graduate admissions, hiring, and seminar invitations.
Affirmative action plays a significant role in each step of the employment process.
Affirmative action presents an opportunity for underprivileged students.
Affirmative action presents the proactive side of equal opportunity.
Affirmative action processes guide all recruitment and hiring activities.
Affirmative action produces ludicrous injustices.
Affirmative action promotes an equal opportunity to compete for education, job training, and jobs.
Affirmative action promotes, and is, the picking of people because of their skin color.
Affirmative action provides for reverse discrimination.
Affirmative action provides women and minorities with educational and workplace opportunities.
Affirmative action provides women and minorities with full educational and workplace opportunities.
Affirmative action pushes employers to try harder, to cast a wider net.
Affirmative action raises issues that are among the most difficult that a society can confront.
Affirmative action rebuffs any form of discrimination.
Affirmative action recognizes the interconnectedness of race, class, gender.
Affirmative action remains a fair and just goal, but as of yet is a far cry from reality.
Affirmative action remains a hot button issue in black communities.
Affirmative action remains a vital tool to eliminating discrimination.
Affirmative action remains one of our best tools for closing the gaps.
Affirmative action remains one of the most contentious issues of public policy.
Affirmative action runs against the grain of American history.
Affirmative action seeks only to remedy the effects of discrimination.
Affirmative action seems to flout equality.
Affirmative action serves many purposes.
Affirmative action undermines an employer's ability to make employment decisions based on merit.
Affirmative action undermines the self-esteem of women and people of color.
Affirmative action unites people.
Affirmative action violates color-blind acceptance based on merit.
Affirmative action works.
Affirmative actions are policy.
Affirmative actions are social actions.
Affirmative actions are some of the paths leading to that road.
Affirmative actions range from voluntary recruitment efforts to court imposed quotas.
An affirmative action is a social action
All affirmative action does is take diversity into consideration when selecting an applicant.
Every affirmative action produces an equal and opposite sectarian reaction.
Affirmative actors are people who are paid to act like they are qualified.
Affirmative agreement is necessary.
Affirmative answers mean that there is some hope for quality.
Affirmative decisions remain provisional, pending receipt of final transcripts.
Affirmative defenses are essentially legal excuses for committing a crime.
Affirmative duty means voluntary disclosure without being asked.
Affirmative feedback is very important.
Affirmative policies are essential.
Affirmative prayer brings forth wisdom, healing, prosperity, and everything good.
Any affirmative replies mean that the client needs to obtain medical clearance for diving.
Affirmative is affirmation
Every affirmative has a narrative behind it.
Affix canvas runners to the cabin sole to protect flooring and carpeting from dirt and stains.
Affix handle, if required.
Affix labels to the cards, leaving the values of the cards still visible.
Affix labels to the codebooks.
Affix labels with estimations on line plot above corresponding numbers.
Affix means 'in the marshland'.
Affix pages with one staple in the top left-hand corner.
Affix shake label.
Affix signatures of all incorporators.
Affixes are categorized into noun, verb, and adjective affixes.
Affixes are morphemes which attach to roots or a combination of roots and other affixes.
Affixes can alter the meaning of a verb.
Affixes lend special meanings to word roots and, at times, alter the spellings and meanings.
Affixs are morphemes.
Affixs are part of words.
An affix is a morpheme
Affliate programs come in many shapes.
Afflicted animals develop symptoms including tremors and jerky or uncoordinated movements.
Afflicted children are hypotonic and intellectually impaired.
Afflicted children experience pain and infection, and are distracted from learning.
Afflicted children require ongoing medical support.
Afflicted girls exhibit some or all of the following symptoms.
Afflicted horses are unable to work or perform, and sometimes the recuperative period is long.
Afflicted individuals can develop a sore throat, nasal discharge and a cough.
Afflicted players are like lepers in the eyes of certain spooked peers.
Affliction builds community.
Affliction is a disturbing, bone-chilling film.
Affliction is a story in disguise.
Affliction is a treasure, and scarce any man hath enough of it.
Affliction is a very good movie with very good acting.
Affliction is an Electronic Rock band from Texas.
Affliction is bodhi.
Affliction is but like a rent in a coat, sin a prick at the heart.
Affliction is cold, and it cuts to the bone.
Affliction is enamoured of thy parts, And thou art wedded to calamity.
Affliction is enanmour'd of thy parts, And thou art wedded to calamity.
Affliction is especially for the saints.
Affliction is momentary.
Affliction is more of a state than an event.
Affliction is often long and difficult to endure.
Affliction is the expression of paternal love.
Affliction is the frightful lion, but see what honey there is in it.
Affliction offers no happy endings and no neat answers.
Affliction paves their way for glory.
Affliction reaps golden fruit.
Affliction shows a new maturity and patience.
Afflictions are adversity.
Afflictions are for our profit.
Afflictions are good, as every filmmaker knows, because they generate emotion and win Oscars.
Afflictions are ill health.
Afflictions are sometimes blessings in disguise.
Afflictions are the mother of virtue.
Afflictions are trouble.
Afflictions become blessings when blended with acceptance.
Afflictions bring about patience.
Afflictions can be very heavy and difficult to bear.
Afflictions come in all different shapes and sizes.
An affliction is trouble
Affluence also causes poverty.
Affluence fosters an addiction to greater affluence.
Affluence has a real cost.
Affluence helps to mask moral and spiritual poverty.
Affluence is associated with smaller family size.
Affluence is linked to better nutrition, which promotes early growth.
Affluence is no excuse for wastefulness.
Affluence is really dependent on the product.
Affluence is the amount of carbon-producing activity per person.
Affluence is the experience in which our needs are easily met and our desires spontaneously filled.
Affluence is the provide-ance of Life for our sustainment.
Affluence is to be displayed rather than enjoyed.
Affluence is wealth
Affluence is wealth.
Affluence leads to a throw away culture.
Affluence leads to the denigration of the profit motive on which that affluence rests.
Affluence lies in giving up the quest for affluence.
Affluence offers no protection.
Affluence plays a considerable role.
Affluence seems to affect management of breast cancer.
Affluence separates people.
Affluence starts in the crib, and continues throughout each individual s lifetime.
Affluent areas can raise money for good schools and motivated teachers.
Affluent communities tend to have better connections to schools.
More affluent consumers have less to lose, because they have had more disposable income to spend.
Affluent countries sell much better than poor ones or ones at war.
Most affluent couples are well aware of the monetary downside of having a child.
Affluent cultures move past reliance on wood, but that takes time and money.
Affluent customers are less likely to embrace the Internet.
Affluent families have many more options.
Affluent homeowners pay to have private armed security patrols cruising their neighborhoods.
Affluent households shop more online only because they are more likely to have access to a computer.
More affluent investors use it more often.
Affluent judges have as a priority making themselves feel better about themselves.
Affluent migrants follow the flows of international capital and modern education.
Affluent nations can no longer afford to look at public health as just a national issue.
Affluent nations have an impact on the environment very disproportionate to their populations.
Affluent nature is the pride of residents.
Affluent parents can afford to send their children to schools of their choice.
Affluent people are very difficult to personally contact.
Affluent people feel tremendously pressured in terms of their time and their resources.
Affluent refuges are always more welcome than indigent ones .
More affluent residents are no more likely than others to say they have made a charitable bequest.
More affluent respondents purchase more compost and fertilizer products.
Many affluent retirees swing their support into cultural endeavors.
Affluent societies generate excessive waste.
More affluent societies are more likely to seek an alternative.
Affluent suburbs are generally satisfied with their public schools.
Many affluent taxpayers view the above businesses as symbols of social status.
Affluents gain confidence hearing references from others in their set.
An affluent is a person
Affordable access is a prerequisite for any knowledge and information society.
Affordable advertising is available.
Affordable apartments are available in the county through the rural development program.
Affordable barrels are out there.
Affordable care is available to all of our patients regardless of insurance coverage.
Affordable catering is also available.
Affordable childcare is very difficult to find for working mothers.
Affordable comfort is here, for honeymooners and families alike.
Affordable coverage means fewer choices.
Affordable discounts are also available for groups involved with promoting river education.
Affordable education is crucial.
Affordable education is provided at times and locations convenient to students.
Affordable electricity is absolutely critical to the economic well being of rural Oregon.
Affordable elegance is the watchword.
Affordable energy can help vanquish poverty which is prerequisite to real freedom.
Affordable energy is available to everyone in the U.S., both rich and poor.
Affordable energy is no longer something people take for granted.
Affordable energy provides the warmth, light and mobility that enhance our daily lives.
Affordable equipment is important to every chiropractor.
Affordable financing is available on larger franchise territories.
Affordable financing is available.
Affordable financing is often the right resource for homebuyers and renters.
Affordable fun is definitely our platform.
Affordable Furniture Offers many styles for bedroom, dining room, home office, and living room.
Affordable help is now available for injured federal workers.
Affordable homes are available in master-planned communities.
Affordable housing becomes a thing of Arizona's past.
Affordable housing can be a deciding factor in employee recruitment and retention.
Affordable housing comes with a refrigerator.
Affordable housing feels never-ending.
Affordable housing goes hand in hand with the effort to revitalize America's poorest communities.
Affordable housing increases property values.
Affordable housing is a big one, and so is child care.
Affordable housing is a big reason.
Affordable housing is a concern on the hearts of many in the congregation.
Affordable housing is a critical environmental issue.
Affordable housing is a huge problem.
Affordable housing is a low-profile issue.
Affordable housing is a major key to breaking the cycles of dependency, violence and segregation.
Affordable housing is a relative term.
Affordable housing is a valuable resource for the whole community.
Affordable housing is a vital element of compassionate conservatism.
Affordable housing is already difficult and expensive to develop without adding more requirements.
Affordable housing is also a big issue.
Affordable housing is also an issue.
Affordable housing is also available in Albany and throughout the surrounding Capital Region.
Affordable housing is an essential component of downtown development.
Affordable housing is an extremely limited resource in New York City.
Affordable housing is an important part of revitalizing communities.
Affordable housing is an important social concern.
Affordable housing is an oxymoron in the state's urban areas.
Affordable housing is another major issue.
Affordable housing is available in a wide variety of Chicago's neighborhoods.
Affordable housing is available in Buchanan County.
Affordable housing is available in many communities.
Affordable housing is available in neighborhoods close to campus and in nearby suburbs.
Affordable housing is available nearly.
Affordable housing is available on campus.
Affordable housing is available on premises.
Affordable housing is available to meet all budgets.
Affordable housing is available, but most likely consists of apartments.
Affordable housing is available, the crime rate is low, and the school systems are excellent.
Affordable housing is available.
Affordable housing is capital-intensive.
Affordable housing is created by reducing overall development costs.
Affordable housing is defined in a number of ways.
Affordable housing is difficult to come by in many border cities.
Affordable housing is essential for our citizens, a strong business climate and our economy.
Affordable housing is essential to ensure a stable community-based system.
Affordable housing is good for both employers and employees.
Affordable housing is in short supply.
Affordable housing is in substandard condition.
Affordable housing is in the national interest.
Affordable housing is in the same category.
Affordable housing is in very short supply.
Affordable housing is increasingly difficult to secure because of growing demand.
Affordable housing is integral to economic well-being, job recruitment and talent retention.
Affordable housing is just that kind of incentive.
Affordable housing is key to meeting the budget needs of people using wheelchairs.
Affordable housing is nearly non-existent in Ottawa.
Affordable housing is needed to support economic development.
Affordable housing is off the table.
Affordable housing is one of the basic needs of each and every individual.
Affordable housing is one of the important ways to help Grand Island grow into a healthy future.
Affordable housing is one of the most important factors in attracting grad students.
Affordable housing is one of the prime characteristics of the city.
Affordable housing is one reason why homelessness has increased.
Affordable housing is only part of the puzzle.
Affordable housing is out of control.
Affordable housing is provided by various sources, including both private and public sectors.
Affordable housing is provided for all our citizens.
Affordable housing is provided.
Affordable housing is pushed out into the countryside.
Affordable housing is readily available.
Affordable housing is rental housing for low to moderate income households.
Affordable housing is scarce everywhere.
Affordable housing is something that everyone needs.
Affordable housing is subsidized so that lower to middle income families can afford the rent.
Affordable housing is the clear alternative.
Affordable housing is the key.
Affordable housing is the problem.
Affordable housing is third on the list.
Affordable housing is unavailable in the community.
Affordable housing is very hard for people in the service sector.
Affordable housing is, indeed, one of the foundation stones for America's success.
Affordable housing makes the city especially popular to retirees and young families.
Affordable housing makes the Newport area an attractive location for families and businesses.
Affordable housing plays a key role in the diverse distribution of a city population.
Affordable housing presents military families a big challenge.
Affordable housing promotes economic integration.
Affordable housing remains a major challenge in Seattle.
More affordable housing is needed and the private sector is in the best position to build it.
Affordable insurance is now available to many non-insured children in Texas.
Affordable living is the primary goal of Aspen Village's developers.
Affordable lodging is available.
Affordable lodging is everywhere.
Affordable luxury is only minutes away.
Affordable memberships are available which provide for reduced greens fees.
Affordable nature walks, overnight trips, shuttle service, equipment rental, and more.
Affordable opportunities are available in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
Affordable opportunities are available to SIUC students.
Affordable option adds value to cabinetry.
Affordable options are available for every budget.
Affordable options exist to cover additional children with available funding.
Affordable packages are available now, so click below to get started.
Affordable plywood makes an attractive home-office desktop.
Affordable power can be green power.
Affordable premium offers protection against catastrophic illness or accident.
Affordable premiums can produce a large death benefit.
Affordable price enables instructors to require other course texts.
Affordable Prices Think about it, make it a priority.
Affordable prices vary according to extent of artwork and graphics.
Affordable pricing is available as is makeup preparation.
Affordable pricing is found here too.
Many affordable programs are available.
Affordable rates are also a plus.
Affordable rates are available for vehicles from sedans to super-stretch limousines.
Affordable rates are available.
Affordable rent includes water, sewer, and garbage collection.
Affordable rentals are hard to come by.
Affordable rentals give young workers a reason to stay in Silicon Valley.
Affordable restaurant features a full breakfast buffet served daily.
Affordable services are available for adults, adolescents, and children.
Affordable solutions are available today.
Affordable spas have loads of good information and instruction to offer.
Affordable surgery is no bargain if quality is compromised.
Affordable system has strong software bundle, but no high-availability hardware features.
Affordable technology helps businesses compete, but training is essential.
Affordable tickets make it a good summer sport.
Affordable transportation means a more affordable education for students.
Affordable tuition makes the program accessible to all.
Affordable units are in short supply.
Affordable units can be either single family homes or rental apartments.
Every affordable unit matters to the working families who are living pay check to pay check.
Affordable values are available.
Affordable wine is a truly magical advantage to being alive.
Afforestation generates employment and helps maintain environmental balance.
Afforestation has to be taken up effectively.
Afforestation involves replanting forests, which remove carbon dioxide from the air.
Afforestation is a conversion
Afforestation is an essential measure to protect and improve the urban ecological environment.
Affricates are 'inbetween' fricatives and plosives.
An affricate is an obstruent
Affront is offense
All affronts fall short of the mark.
All affronts fall short of their mark.
Much Afghan agriculture occurs on alluvial fans at the base of mountains.
Afghan border is closed at present time.
Most Afghan children have no educational opportunities.
Afghan coverage is frequent with several stories per week.
Afghan culture is a human rights victim of chaos and war.
Afghan exiles are diverse and scattered world-wide.
Afghan fighting prompts Russia border troops alert.
Many Afghan items are also available in other areas of our web site.
Some afghan leaders see death.
Some afghan men carry girls.
Afghan militants can spread north into Central Asia.
Afghan opium is the source of most of Europe's heroin.
Afghan opium is the source of much of Europe's heroin.
Most Afghan opium is destined for processing into heroin in Turkey.
Afghan parties have an obligation to protect humanitarian and other international personnel.
Afghan refugees are the largest and most forgotten groups of refugees in the world today.
Afghan refugees have a variety of reasons for wishing to remain in exile.
Afghan refugees live in squalor in Pakistani camps, dying daily of dehydration and heat stroke.
Afghan refugees tell of their despair Links to more South Asia stories are at the foot of the page.
Afghan rivals prepare for spring offensive.
Afghan rulers offer to free aid workers if U.S. halts campaign.
Afghan tribes unite as a monarchy.
Afghan women bear much of the suffering.
Afghan women face a horrifying array of restrictions, among the most repressive in the world.
Afghan women see hope.
Many Afghan women work as politicians, some are ministers while at least one is a mayor.
Afghan isa blanket.
Afghans are a touch-sensitive breed and possess instinctive lightning fast reflexes.
Afghans are available by mail-order or by telephone.
Afghans are available in hunter green.
Afghans are available in two custom designs in pink or blue.
Afghans are blankets.
Afghans are conservative, traditionalist and nationalist, but they are by no means fundamentalists.
Afghans are one of the all time favorite crochet projects.
Afghans are people.
Afghans are sick of war and eager for a peaceful settlement.
Afghans are the largest refugee group in the world.
Afghans are very smart traders.
Afghans can be very destructive when bored.
Afghans cling to their homes and land because the prospect of becoming a refugee is so terrible.
Afghans comprise the single largest refugee group in the world.
Afghans deserve the right to deal with their own problems.
Afghans fight very well.
Afghans have (part) sections.
Afghans have little capacity to cope with further economic shocks.
Afghans loves to runs.
Afghans receive their news from the international media.
Afghans suffer from insufficient food, medical care, shelter, and clothing.
Afghans take pride in making and flying their own kites.
An afghan is a blanket
Afghans often come across the mountain tops and kill the goat herder and steal the goats.
Afghani dish dusts the mothballs off an old vegetable and takes it to new heights.
Afghani harvest is pitifully small.
Afghani women have no right to work in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan isa thing.
Afibrinogenemia is blood disorder
Afibrinogenemia is the complete absence of fibrinogen.
Aficionados are fans.
Aficionados are people.
Aficionados are sports fans.
Aficionados are unlike regular smokers, who are almost indifferent about brands.
Aficionados argue that the women's game is more exciting than men's soccer.
Aficionados ask for a side of speck-beef fat dusted with hot paprika.
Aficionados believe that WinAMP is the best out there.
Aficionados contend that salt-packed anchovies have a superior flavor.
Aficionados find the assault on their senses sheer delight and keep coming back for more.
Aficionados insist it explains jazz.
Aficionados jump in.
Aficionados know that anagrams contain a certain amount of truth.
Aficionados order a melange, a large coffee with a froth of hot milk and dash of whipped cream.
Aficionados say great marathons have great scenery.
Aficionados say it is an endless pursuit for information.
Aficionados swear by the company's glazed doughnuts, particularly when they're available hot.
Aficionados tend to think of Peruvian food as mostly chicken and potatoes.
Aficionados track the grapes, the vineyards, the acclaimed vintages, the reserve collections.
An aficionado is a fan
Many aficionados like to fish with old Hardy reels.
Many aficionados regard The Glory of Their Times as the greatest baseball book.
Many aficionados think the best stereo images are slides viewed through binocular-like viewers.
Some aficionados even keep different humidors for different brands of cigars.
Afilliate networks are great ways to start a home business on the internet.
Many AFIS vendors take the opportunity to charge exorbitant amounts to upgrade or expand.
Aflatoxin can also appear in milk of lactating animals fed aflatoxin-contaminated feed.
Aflatoxin can, however, occur in corn and other grains when growing conditions are hot and dry.
Aflatoxin causes a variety of symptoms depending on the animal species.
Aflatoxin causes considerable problems for beef cattle.
Aflatoxin is a cancer promoter and an immunosuppressant.
Aflatoxin is a carcinogenic mycotoxin.
Aflatoxin is a fungus that infects corn, cotton, peanuts and other crops.
Aflatoxin is a known carcinogen at very low levels.
Aflatoxin is a known carcinogen of particular concern to the peanut industry.
Aflatoxin is a known carcinogen.
Aflatoxin is a major concern with corn harvest.
Aflatoxin is a major problem.
Aflatoxin is a mixture of closely related molecules.
Aflatoxin is a natural fungus that is deadly in small quantities.
Aflatoxin is a potent biological agent causing injury to the liver, often resulting in liver cancer.
Aflatoxin is a potent carcinogen produced in cottonseed infected by the fungus, Aspergillus flavus .
Aflatoxin is a sporadic problem in the Corn Belt and a chronic one in the South.
Aflatoxin is a toxic compound formed by molds on improperly stored nuts and grains.
Aflatoxin is a toxin produced by mold in contaminated nuts.
Aflatoxin is a very potent poison and carcinogen that gets into grain in dry seasons.
Aflatoxin is converted into a potent carcinogen by the action of liver enzymes.
Aflatoxin is definitely a menace to humans.
Aflatoxin is extracted by aqueous acetone followed by clarification with ferric gel.
Aflatoxin is extracted by aqueous methanol followed by clarification with zinc acetate.
Aflatoxin is extracted by aqueous methanol followed by column chromatography for clarification.
Aflatoxin is just one of many mycotoxins that can adversely affect animal health and productivity.
Aflatoxin is made by the fungus Aspergillus flavus.
Aflatoxin is more than likely a causal agent or promoter of tobacco-associated cancers.
Aflatoxin is number one, ergot is the second leading mold toxin.
Aflatoxin is one of several naturally occurring toxins that have potential as biological weapons.
Aflatoxin is one of the most potent carcinogens yet examined.
Aflatoxin is produced by a mold known to grow on peanuts and other grains.
Aflatoxin is produced by certain species of Aspergillus fungi.
Aflatoxin is produced by the fungi Aspergillus.
Aflatoxin is the most studied and most widely known mycotoxin.
Aflatoxin is used to typify a group of toxicants known as mycotoxins.
Aflatoxin occurs on moldy grains, corn, peanuts and other crops.
Aflatoxin produced by an imperfect fungus is a potent carcinogen.
Aflatoxins affect organs such as the liver, kidney, heart, and adrenal glands.
Aflatoxins also attack the immune system, increasing risk of disease.
Aflatoxins are a group of toxicants formed by moulds in improperly stored nuts, grain etc.
Aflatoxins are among the most extensively studied mycotoxin.
Aflatoxins are among the most highly carcinogenic materials known.
Aflatoxins are among the most powerful carcinogenic substances known.
Aflatoxins are bisfuranocoumarins .
Aflatoxins are cancerous to the liver.
Aflatoxins are carcinogenic, mutagenic, teratogenic, and immunosuppressive.
Aflatoxins are examples of carcinogens in foods.
Aflatoxins are highly toxic to livestock, poultry and people.
Aflatoxins are know animal carcinogens.
Aflatoxins are mycotoxins produced by molds that grow on grain and nuts.
Aflatoxins are mycotoxins.
Aflatoxins are natural mold byproducts that can cause cancer of the liver.
Aflatoxins are natural toxins that can be carcinogenic to humans and animals.
Aflatoxins are poisons produced by some fungi.
Aflatoxins are probably the best known and most intensively researched mycotoxins in the world.
Aflatoxins are produced by the molds Aspergillus flavus and Aspergillus parasiticus.
Aflatoxins are suspect carcinogens in humans and are highly toxic as well.
Aflatoxins are the toxic byproducts of mold growth on certain agricultural commodities.
Aflatoxins are toxic and carcinogenic compounds released by fungi of the genus Aspergillus.
Aflatoxins are toxic chemicals that certain fungi produce during crop infection.
Aflatoxins can invade feedstuffs at any point from field to feedbunk.
Aflatoxins cause liver cancer.
Aflatoxins cause the liver to become pale tan, yellow or orange.
Aflatoxins have mammalian toxicity.
Aflatoxins reach the liver and destroys liver cells.
Aflatoxins reduce animals performance and overall health.
An aflatoxin is a mycotoxin
Aflatoxins often cause nervous symptoms in affected animals.
Aflatoxins sometimes contaminate certain foods.
AFLP analysis has many uses in molecular biology genetics and systematics.
AFLP analysis is especially useful in screening backcross individuals.
AFLP markers are run alongside a DNA marker on a gel.
AFLP markers show considerable variation.
AFMA prosthesis is completed with modular limb components and then is evaluated by the clinic team.
Afordable housing is hard to find.
All aforementioned dates are subject to change.
Aforementioned entries reflect the most important changes made during the past three months.
All aforementioned publications are available in alternate formats upon request.
Aforesaid sections are cumulative.
Most AFPS developers use it.
Afrianized bees fly faster than domestic bees, making it more difficult to escape by running.
Africa has (part) Algeria.
Africa has (part) Angola.
Africa has (part) Angolan capital.
Africa has (part) Barbary.
Africa has (part) Benin.
Africa has (part) Bissau.
Africa has (part) Botswana.
Africa has (part) Burundi.
Africa has (part) Cameroon.
Africa has (part) Djibouti.
Africa has (part) Egypt.
Africa has (part) Egyptian capital.
Africa has (part) Eritrea.
Africa has (part) Ethiopia.
Africa has (part) Gabon.
Africa has (part) Gambia.
Africa has (part) Ghana.
Africa has (part) Kenya.
Africa has (part) Lesotho.
Africa has (part) Liberia.
Africa has (part) Liberian capital.
Africa has (part) Libya.
Africa has (part) Madagascar.
Africa has (part) Malawi.
Africa has (part) Mali.
Africa has (part) Mauritania.
Africa has (part) Mozambique.
Africa has (part) Namibia.
Africa has (part) Niger.
Africa has (part) Nigeria.
Africa has (part) Rwanda.
Africa has (part) Senegal.
Africa has (part) Somalia.
Africa has (part) Sudan.
Africa has (part) Swaziland.
Africa has (part) Tanzania.
Africa has (part) Togo.
Africa has (part) Tunisia.
Africa has (part) Uganda.
Africa has (part) Zambia.
Africa has (part) Zimbabwe.
Africa isa thing.
Africa possesses herbivores.
African agriculture is sensitive to present climatic variations.
Some African airports are fairly modern and can run smoothly.
African american grandmothers assume responsibility.
African american mothers have birth outcomes.
African american mothers have outcomes.
African american women see opportunity.
African american women understand facts.
African ancestry is generally low across Mexico except for a few coastal regions.
African animals dig burrows.
African animals get food.
African animals have excellent eyesights.
African animals have eyesights.
African animals have no trouble getting on television, but African people do.
Most african animals dig burrows.
Most african animals get food.
Most african animals have excellent eyesights.
Most african animals have eyesights.
Some african animals have organizations.
African antelope come in many sizes and are adapted to eating different kinds of food.
African antelopes have heads.
African antelopes have horns.
African antelopes live in safety.
Most african antelopes have heads.
Most african antelopes have horns.
Most african antelopes live in safety.
Some african antelopes occur in large numbers.
Some african antelopes occur in numbers.
Some african apes have arrangements.
Some african apes have misfortune.
African art allows different kinds of containment of the secret.
African art expresses a traditional, cultural and mystical message.
African art is traditionally essential and optimistic.
African art is very beautiful.
African art reflects the diversity of African cultures.
African art takes many forms and is made from many different materials.
African art tends to express harmony, unity, and balance.
African artists observe what is going on in art everywhere.
African baobab trees produce aromatic flowers.
African baobab trees produce flowers.
African baobab trees store water.
African barn owls rely on rodents.
African beats merge with Spanish rhythms.
African beauty is world renowned, and there is such a diversity in Africa.
African beauty is world renowned.
Some African beauties are fantastic.
African bees are very productive but many races are very aggressive as well.
African belief is basically the humanistic belief that doing good is good.
African birds like to chow on crickets, mini meal worms and wax worms.
African black rhinos have lips.
African black rhinos have upper lips.
African blacks have a long history of mutual hostility that goes back all the way to Babel.
African blackwood is now the wood used exclusively for fine quality woodwind instruments.
African bristlegrass is an uncommon wetland perennial with short rhizomes .
African buffalo are an impressive species, thanks to their robust build and distinctive fused horns.
African buffalo are formidable animals on account of their large size, large herds, and large horns.
African buffalo are much more aggressive than the Asian water buffalo.
African buffalo are very aggressive and have a tendency to attack humans.
African buffalo grazes on fresh grass.
African buffalo grazes on grass.
African buffalo have a democracy.
African buffalo inhabits ranges.
African buffalo is found in the woodlands and forests of Africa.
African buffalo lives in habitats.
African buffalo see cape buffalo .
Most african buffalo grazes on grass.
Most african buffalo lives in habitats.
Some african buffalo has predators.
African buffaloes are notable for their apparent altruism .
African buffaloes are the maintenance hosts.
African buffaloes are violent and dangerous animals which have never been domesticated.
African buffaloes are wild animals found in the woodlands and forests of Africa.
African buffaloes make various vocalizations.
African bullfrogs adapt to environments.
African bullfrogs are ambush predators.
African bullfrogs breed during the rainy season.
African bullfrogs have senses.
Most african bullfrogs adapt to environments.
Most african bullfrogs have senses.
African bushmen live their lives quiet and remote.
Some african bushmen have legends.
African businesses are also sincerely welcome to invest and operate in China.
African chameleons have a long, sticky tongue that they thrust out rapidly to catch insects.
African children are particularly vulnerable, making up three-quarters of cases.
African children are the continent's future.
African children build their own looms.
African children deserve no less.
African children make.
African children run miles to school.
All African children have the unalienable right to attend school and learn in their mother tongues.
Every African child has the right to grow up in safety and peace.
African chimpanzees shape sticks to catch termites in anthills for supper.
African cichlids are very territorial and it is difficult to breed multiple species in one tank.
African cichlids love the larvae and the emerging midges.
African cichlids love to eat the eyeballs out of the common plecos.
Many African cichlids guard their babies until they spawn again.
Most African cichlids are mouth brooders.
African cities tend to be surrounded by shanty towns.
Every African city is replete with comfortable homes protected by wire-topped walls.
African civet has excellent sense of smell.
African civet has short grey fur covered with black spots arranged in several rows.
African civet inhabits all areas that provide enough water, food and shelter.
African civet is a mammal that is closely related to weasels and mongooses.
African civet is active both on the ground and in the trees.
African civet is territorial and solitary animal.
African civet is threatened by habitat loss and deforestation.
African civets are omnivores, that is, they feed upon both plants and animals.
African civets choose all areas that have a constant supply of enough water, food and shelter.
African civets feed on fruit.
African civets have claws.
African civets have patterns.
African civets have senses.
African civets have sharp teeth.
African civets have teeth.
African civets inhabit areas.
African civets produce sound.
African civets use burrows.
African civets use underground burrows.
Most african civets feed on fruit.
Most african civets have claws.
Most african civets have patterns.
Most african civets have senses.
Most african civets have sharp teeth.
Most african civets have teeth.
Most african civets produce sound.
Most african civets use burrows.
Most african civets use underground burrows.
Some african civets are classified as concern.
Some african civets have extensive ranges.
Some african civets have glands.
Some african civets have ranges.
Some african civets look like raccoons.
Some african civets occur in areas.
Some african civets occur in many areas.
Some african civets occur in many protect areas.
Some african civets occur in protect areas.
Some african civets resemble raccoons.
African clergy meet to discuss refugee problem.
African climate shifts to the growth of the Northern Hemisphere ice sheets.
African coffee is well balanced and has a medium to full body.
African coffees combine good body with a good level of acid.
African communities are organized and organizing more and more.
Most African conflicts are the result of unresolved ethnic or resource-division issues.
African content is also appropriate for sociology, economics, and current events courses.
African cooking is no exception.
African costume can be as simple or elaborate as funds allow.
African countries aim to use all media, including the Internet, for national development.
African countries are also more willing to assert themselves as their military capabilities improve.
African countries are countries.
African countries are often even more impoverished, with only one ophthalmologist for every million.
African countries are still major users of a number of POPs.
African countries can do the same.
African countries can take policy and regulatory steps to foster domestic markets.
African countries continue to be exploited by the rich.
African countries do have their own information economy already.
African countries face particular difficulties when attempting to enter world markets.
African countries fare even worse.
African countries fear the introduction of the disease through European products.
African countries feel vindicated.
African countries have legal codes, establishing the terms for foreign investment.
African countries have other special difficulties.
African countries have their own national holidays at various times throughout the year.
African countries have to spend twice as much to buy the same value of goods abroad.
African countries is governed by black people and they make the laws now, mostly in favor of blacks.
African countries lack the experts and facilities to determine the contents of shipments.
African countries spend more each year repaying debt than on all primary education and health care.
African countries support China's great course of unification.
All African countries offer opportunities for self-financing insurance to grow.
Many African countries are among the lowest per capita energy consumers in the world.
Many African countries continue to have tariff rates that are among the highest in the world.
Many African countries do receive outside help but it clearly isn t enough.
Many African countries doubt the wisdom of the Sudanese invitation to Iran.
Many African countries have political unrest, and Kenya is no exception.
Many African countries rely on religious organisations to provide basic services.
Many African countries require villages to house rural teachers.
Many African countries try to emulate South Africa because it is the most westernized.
Most African countries continue to struggle with even the most basic democratic principles.
Most African countries depend on primary commodities for a significant part of their export income.
Most African countries have peoples of diverse cultural roots.
Most African countries have problems in travelling.
Some african countries have high levels.
Some african countries have levels.
African cuckoos have beaks.
Most african cuckoos have beaks.
African cuisine is and remains, a melange of native ingredients simply prepared.
African cultivars display more of a photoperiodic response than French or triploid types do.
African culture does.
African culture is a mixture of Arabic and European and various heritages of African values.
African culture is based on oral history.
African culture is evident again in the beating of Bahian drums.
African culture is oral, drama and music.
African culture is promoted at the school.
African culture is required.
African cultures speak a variety of languages and express their beliefs in many of their sculptures.
African cultures strive to maintain tradition and continuity.
African cultures use a large number of medicinal plants in their everyday lives.
Many African cultures are the equivalent of 'endangered species'.
Many African cultures have such a guest house in every village to only entertain guests.
African currencies continue to devaluate.
African dance is about celebration.
African dance is done barefoot to allow for greater contact with the earth.
African dance is movement.
African dance is very natural and very relaxed.
African delegates appear to be leading the call for economic aid.
African desert fishes pages.
Some african dormouses have expectancy.
Some african dormouses have life expectancy.
African dreams sound silly.
African drums ring out, and girls and young women leap forward one by one.
African dust contains spores of a fungus that can be destructive to sea fans.
African dust supplies soil for epiphytic plants living in the tree canopy.
African economies are market economies.
African economies is imperative.
African economies remain generally weak.
African ecosystems are among the most diverse and productive wild lands in the world.
African education is a social process conducted in groups.
African eggplants are usually of the smaller and bitterer kind.
African elephants are active both at night and during the day.
African elephants are an animal in the group called Loxodonta.
African elephants are another beast entirely.
African elephants are elephants.
African elephants are endangered animals.
African elephants are larger and have bigger ears .
African elephants are larger and have bigger ears.
African elephants are larger than the only other elephant species, the Asian elephant.
African elephants are mostly browsers while Asian elephants are mainly grazers.
African Elephants are physically larger than Indian Elephants.
African Elephants are tall and really heavy.
African Elephants are the biggest land animals.
African elephants are the larger of the two species.
African Elephants are the largest and most powerful land animals.
African elephants are the largest elephants.
African elephants are the largest land animals on Earth.
African elephants are the largest land mammal in the world.
African elephants are the largest land mammal.
African elephants are the largest land mammals found on Earth.
African Elephants are the largest land mammals.
African elephants are the largest living terrestrial mammals.
African elephants are the largest mammals on land.
African elephants are the largest of all land animals.
African elephants become unhappy when left alone.
African elephants belong to the suborder Loxodonta.
African elephants can survive in the forest, bush or savanna of Africa.
African elephants communicate with rumbles, growls, bellows, and moans.
African elephants dominate the first phase of the project.
African elephants feed on plants.
African elephants give birth every two to four years.
African elephants have a low place in their back .
African elephants have a low place in their back.
African Elephants have big ears which can cool their body temperature effectivly down.
African elephants have bigger ears but smaller heads than the Asian elephant.
African elephants have brains.
African elephants have ears.
African elephants have enormus ears.
African elephants have features.
African elephants have five toes on the front feet and three on the back.
African elephants have large ears and two fingers at the end of their trunk.
African elephants have larger ears than Asian elephants.
African Elephants have larger ears.
African elephants have outgrowths.
African elephants have ribs.
African elephants have three nails.
African elephants have trunks.
African elephants have tusks.
African elephants have very large, flat ears.
African elephants inhabit different parts of Africa south of the Sahara.
African elephants inhabit regions.
African elephants inhabit various ecosystems in sub-Saharan Africa.
African elephants live all throughout Africa, south of the Sahara.
African Elephants live in Africa.
African elephants live in areas.
African elephants live in climates.
African elephants live on the Savannas of Africa.
African elephants occur throughout south, east and west central Africa.
African elephants reach height.
African elephants reach maturity.
African elephants reach sexual maturity.
African elephants respond to distant playbacks of low-frequency conspecific calls.
African elephants run from the sound of disturbed bees .
African elephants use their trunks to make loud sounds to scare predators away.
African elephants use trunks.
African elephants wander on the grasslands collector's plate.
African elephants weigh more and have bigger ears, and both males and females have tusks.
African elephants weigh tonnes.
African elephants weigh tons.
African elephants weigh up to seven tons which is heavier than most vehicles.
Most african elephants feed on plants.
Most african elephants have brains.
Most african elephants have ears.
Most african elephants have features.
Most african elephants have outgrowths.
Most african elephants have trunks.
Most african elephants have tusks.
Most african elephants inhabit regions.
Most african elephants live in areas.
Most african elephants live in climates.
Most African elephants live on the savanna, but some live in forests or even deserts.
Most african elephants reach height.
Most african elephants reach maturity.
Most african elephants reach sexual maturity.
Most african elephants use trunks.
Most african elephants weigh tonnes.
Most african elephants weigh tons.
Some african elephants feed on grass.
Some african elephants have prey.
Some african elephants have succession.
Some african elephants inhabit basins.
Some african elephants inhabit congo basins.
Some African elephants live on the savanna while others live in the forest .
Some African elephants live on the savanna while others live in the forest.
Some african elephants make migration.
African elites are confused.
African ethnics are important in earth tones, as are feather prints.
African experience is richly instructive.
African exports continue to grow rapidly.
African fabrics are a highly prized commodity to the hobbyist and serious quilter.
African families look after their old folk.
African farmers are proud, ambitious, competent, and hard working.
Many African farmers are small farmers, and many are women.
Some african farmers kill cheetahs.
African fathers play only a minor role in the lives of their infants and toddlers.
African field crickets The calling song of a field cricket .
African fish eagle.
African folklore is rife with legends of a frightening fellow who hunts human prey.
African food varies from one country to the next.
African footballers do lots of dribbling and shorter passes.
African forest goes without saying.
Most African games require strategy.
African giant pouch rats have coats.
African giant pouch rats have grey coats.
African governments are always the first to sign international conventions.
African governments are capable of building world class stadiums like Europe.
African governments are now willing to accept independent private power producers.
African governments face a severe debt crisis.
African governments pay little attention to national needs for communications and information.
African governments remain the biggest obstacle to growth in information technology.
All African governments are politically unstable.
Many African governments understand that change is essential.
African grey is parrots.
African greys are extremely social birds in their natural habitats.
African greys can be moody sometimes, and they tend to pick out a single person to bond with.
African Greys seem to have an innate ability to wolf whistle.
African harps can also vary significantly in their visual and aural purposes.
African hedgehogs have loose skin.
African hedgehogs have skin.
Most african hedgehogs have loose skin.
Most african hedgehogs have skin.
African herbalists believe the root is purgative.
African history continues to be studied and there are still many unanswered questions.
African history is a relatively new and very dynamic field.
African history is contested terrain and the history of African women even more so.
African history is out of kilter until ancient Egypt is looked upon as a distinct African nation.
African history is written using many different sources and methods.
African hornbills are on the decline due to logging and the bushmeat trade.
African hospitality is without parallel anywhere else in the world.
African hospitality is without Parallel anywhere else in the world.
African hunters are said to have boiled the seeds to extract arrow poison.
African hunters have a clever way of trapping monkeys.
African identities are diverse and pluralist.
African identity seems beset by ambivalence and contradiction.
African ideology gives center stage to the spirit.
African importers are cautious about new and untested products.
Many african languages are tonal languages like chinese.
Most African languages are easy to learn for that reason.
Most African languages are tonal languages which are reflected in the singing.
Some African languages differentiate the colour and pattern of the coats of cattle.
African leaders are quick to blame the legacy of colonialism for their troubles.
African leaders are to attend Burundi peace talks .
African leaders see themselves as maximum rulers.
African leaders see tribalism as a major problem in their countries.
Many African leaders think of the United States of Africa as a distant goal for the far future.
Most African leaders are openly clumsy.
Most African leaders fear to retire for reasons of uncertainty of their future.
Some african leaders avoid responsibility.
Some African legends speak about enormous creatures that walked the land.
African leopards do though.
African leopards exhibit great variation in coat color, depending on location and habitat.
African life involves walking great distances and the stick is an integral part of the bush life.
African life is so simple while our American life is scheduled and stressful.
African life revolves around markets.
African lily is grown from thick rhizomes.
African lion cubs.
African lions are larger than Asiatic lions.
African lions are one of the biggest cats in the world.
African lions are social animals, unlike most predatory cats.
African lions are the largest and most powerful of the African carnivores.
African lions are the largest carnivorous animals found in Africa.
African lions are the only member of the cat family in which the males and females look different.
African lions belong to families.
African lions eat animals.
African lions have a much better chance for survival.
African lions have coats.
African lions have fur.
African lions have tan coats.
African lions have tan-colored fur on their body.
African lions inhabit grassland.
African lions live in groups of related females calledprides.
African lions weigh lbs.
Most african lions belong to families.
Most african lions eat animals.
Most african lions have coats.
Most african lions have fur.
Most african lions have tan coats.
Most african lions inhabit grassland.
Most african lions weigh lbs.
Some african lions have enemies.
Some african lions have few natural enemies.
Some african lions have natural enemies.
African literature is as varied and complex as the many peoples of the African continent.
African literature teaches new views of cultural imperialism, oppression, and liberation.
African lore is filled with stories of hunters being trampled to death because their bullets failed.
African lungfish are omnivorous and relatively easy to feed.
African lungfish are too predatory to be kept in a community tank.
African lungfish have some fascinating adaptations.
African lungfishes inhabit shallow water.
African lungfishes inhabit water.
African lungfishes possess two lungs and are obligate air-breathers.
Most african lungfishes inhabit shallow water.
Most african lungfishes inhabit water.
Some african lungfishes have lungs.
Some african lungfishes possess lungs.
African mahogany is reported to take stains well.
African mahogany produces the richest and deepest sound of any wood used in the drum industry today.
African males are somewhat taller.
African males have more differences among their Y DNA than on other continents.
African men buy their wives and most men have more than one wife.
African men sleep with young girls in a belief that they ll be cured of the disease.
Most African men tend to marry more than one wife.
African manatees inhabit areas.
African manatees inhabit coastal areas.
African manatees live in areas.
African manatees live in coastal areas.
African manatees live in quiet areas.
Most african manatees inhabit coastal areas.
Most african manatees live in areas.
Most african manatees live in coastal areas.
Most african manatees live in quiet areas.
African marigolds are excellent bedding plants.
African marigolds are marigolds.
African marigolds are true annuals that can bloom all growing season if deadheaded.
African marigolds have flowers.
African marigolds produce flowers.
African marigolds produce yellow flowers.
Most african marigolds have flowers.
Most african marigolds produce flowers.
Most african marigolds produce yellow flowers.
African markets offer an excellent outlet for the goods produced by Egypt s growing private sector.
African marriages are more of a union of families than a union of a couple.
African masks add bold colors.
African masks do come in a variety of shapes, styles and materials.
Many African masks represent animals.
African material is glued to frame and card board.
African material is listed alphabetically by country.
African material is the frame is the frame hot glued to canvas.
African materials are spotty except for the economic geography of the area.
Some African mayors link unemployment to problems related to idle youth.
African militaries are likely to face.
African ministers call for fresh impetus to tackle the continent's environmental challenges.
African missionaries go to England to convert heathens.
African missionary arrives in South Carolina.
African mothers face serious challenges.
African museums contain examples.
African museums have examples.
Most african museums contain examples.
Most african museums have examples.
African music continues to inspire many artistes African music is now en vogue throughout the world.
African music has a small core of strong supporters.
African music has as many as four rhythms in command at once.
African music is a vital part of everyday life in Africa.
African music is an additional enhancement.
African music is an endless source of different rhythms.
African music is an oral tradition.
African music is as old as Africa.
African music is more intrinsic.
African music is more present in our lives than ever.
African music is singularly unique in that no single description can describe it all.
African music is so much a part of social involvement in the community.
African music is very diverse and great to listen to.
African music tends to involve the audience in the music-making.
African music uses short bits of melody that are repeated over and over.
African names abound in the lists of slaves and in judicial records.
African names are gorgeous, charming and melodic even to the English speaking ear.
Every African name has a meaning and a significance.
African nations are excited about the ministry.
African nations are many decades behind developed nations.
African nations continue to explore the developing road that suits their national conditions.
African nations have a history of sacrificing the slower athlete for the good of the team.
Many African nations face problems relating to rapid and unplanned urbanization.
African nationals practice female genital mutilation in some areas.
Many African newspapers are online now.
African officials try to find ways to reducing diamond dealing among rebels.
African oil is more abundant and defensible than is the oil in Kuwait.
African padauk is bright red in color, deepening in time to a very deep red.
African pantheons are prolific.
Some african parrots have desire.
Some african parrots have years.
African partners are willing and able.
Many African pastors have no formal training at all.
African paths are open for most of the afternoon and into the evening.
African penguins are birds.
African penguins are found along coastal areas and offshore islands.
African penguins are friendly and inquisitive and engage in a variety of behaviors.
African penguins eat mostly fish supplemented by a few percent of crustaceans.
African penguins have pink glands above their eyes that become pinker as the penguin gets hotter.
African penguins live and breed on the coast of South Africa and on the off shore islands.
African penguins march past a bather at Boulders Beach in Cape Town.
African people are like African people wherever African people are.
African people are so warm and friendly that it really takes some getting used to.
African people are spiritual people.
African people find themselves in a unique position.
African people have to document their own history.
African people have to work hard in achieving their own righteousness.
African people know it.
African Peoples Draw a map of Africa and locate the most prominent tribes.
Many African people are lactose intolerant and eat only small amounts of dairy.
Most African peoples are.
African philosophy focuses on ancestor veneration and on the social utility of oracles.
African pilots are essential to the aviation programs in the Congo.
African players reach the highest state of creativity and skill with the ball.
African players start from a very young age to learn close and skilful control of the ball.
African players thrive in Spain, Holland and Italy where skill is very important.
Most African players find it hard to adapt.
African population is very dependent on wild and domesticated plant resources.
African populations are very young.
African porcupines have quills.
Most african porcupines have quills.
African proverb Be wary of any enterprise that requires new clothes.
African proverbs are both new and old.
African publishers are cautious, conservative and slow.
African publishers seek to identify themselves as agents of positive change on the continent.
African publishers tend to take time.
African pygmy squirrels reach full height.
African pygmy squirrels reach height.
African pygmy hedgehogs, having originated as desert animals, have very little tolerance for cold.
African rainforests are ruled by leopards.
African refugees present a huge range of cultures, customs, and experiences.
African refugees stand at the bottom of the economic scale and are subject to racial prejudice.
African reggae can land on the one and three or two and four, but it's a delay.
Many African regimes are corrupt and undemocratic.
Many African regimes do, indeed, exert their power with egregious disregard for basic human rights.
Some african regions have terrapins.
African religions are community orientated, non-systematic and pragmatic.
African researchers can participate both in use and in the generation of knowledge on the network.
African rhinos are killed by poachers.
African rhinos have lips.
African rhinos have upper lips.
Most african rhinos are killed by poachers.
Most african rhinos have lips.
Most african rhinos have upper lips.
African rhythms are neatly and tightly woven.
African rhythms play an important role.
African rock pythons have heads.
African rock pythons have reputations.
African rock pythons have triangular heads.
African roots run deep in our American cities, counties and rural America.
African rue competes strongly with other useful pasture species.
African rue contains numerous alkaloids and all plant parts are toxic .
African rules are different.
African safari Take a photo safari of Africa's wildlife.
African savannas are generally drier than the grass- lands of North America .
African savannah elephants have brains.
African scholars pursue their investigations.
African schools produce more graduates in the arts and humanities than in science and engineering.
African scientists understand the constraints under which they work.
African sculpture speaks .
African sculptures are the incarnation of the ancestors.
Most African sculpture is conceived as a vehicle or symbol that compels belief.
African security is, first and foremost, an African concern.
African servals are crepuscular, hunting several times a night and early morning.
African servals are part of the exotic pet trade.
African servals are solitary animals except when breeding.
African servals have a coat with copper hue.
African servals have major predators.
African servals have more difficulty catching birds and insects.
African servals have no major predators other than humans .
African servals have predators.
Most african servals have major predators.
Most african servals have predators.
Some african servals have coats.
Some african servals interact with members.
Some african servals limit growth.
African skiing is different.
African slaves arrive in America.
African slaves begin to arrive in increasing numbers.
Some african slaves add spices.
African slavery is fundamental to the history of the Americas.
African smog is a mixture of smoke from industry, mining, agricultural burning and other sources.
African smog is a soup of smokes from industry, mining, agricultural burning and other sources.
African soccer has little luck when it comes to the World Cup.
African societies are male-dominated.
African societies have no qualms with such methods.
African societies use music, sculpture and rhythm rather than texts and codes and formula.
African society is complex and multi-stranded in which indigenous religions have an important place.
Many African societies utilize a number of instruments falling into the group known as aerophones.
Some African societies practice female genital mutilation.
African solutions can only come from Africa itself.
Many African species are terrestrial.
Some African species have white or translucent membranes.
African states deal with airline loss.
Most African states lack the capacity to enforce conservation policies at the local level.
African steenboks have a habit that is common among plains game antelopes.
African strains tend to swarm more often.
African studies abstracts .
African studies center in Bordeaux, France.
African studies documentary.
African studies file sites are listed at several directory nodes around the world.
African studies is a study of world history.
African studies lecture.
African studies project.
African studies review .
African style means hands-on design, requiring from the start imagination and resourcefulness.
African styles are popular for work or casual parties for both men and women.
African sun is phenomenally hot, and therefore a good sunscreen is needed.
African swarms are extremely aggressive.
African teachers continue to provide students with a unique insight into African life.
African teams continue climbing to the top.
African teams look stronger, look capable even beating the biggest nations by their pure skills.
African termites are some of the most advanced termites in the world that farm funguses and grasses.
African tourists make up the bulk of foreigners visiting South Africa.
Some African traditions survive in song, music, dance, and other ways.
African tribes do scar patterns to mark different stages in life.
African tribes use ostrich shells as a water container for bathing and drinking.
Many African tribes have many different superstitions.
Many African tribes have means of divining the future.
Many African tribes have very rigid traditions for naming their children.
Most African tribes recognize both male and female woods, and appropriate works are made from each.
Some African tribes consider horns to be the dwelling place for ancestors.
Some African tribes drink blood.
Some African tribes make bracelets of aardvark teeth.
Some african tribes use ostrich shells.
Some African tribes use scarification as a symbol of beauty and strength .
Some African tribes use scarification as a symbol of beauty and strength.
Some african tribes use shells.
Some African tribes venerate the tamarind tree as sacred.
African types are most susceptible.
African unemployment is also higher in the rural areas than in urban areas.
African university graduate live and work outside Africa.
African villagers eat diets.
African villagers eat fibre diets.
Most african villagers eat diets.
Most african villagers eat fibre diets.
African violet grows and blooms in low light.
African violet grows well in air conditioned rooms during the summer.
African violet has downy leaves.
African violet has fleshy leaves.
African violet has leaves.
African violet is flowers.
African violet is herbaceous plants.
African violet is propagated using a single leaf with part of the leaf petiole attached.
African violet thrives in conditions.
African violet thrives in humid conditions.
African violets adjust well to the warm temperatures and dry air of homes.
African violets are a favorite flowering house plant.
African violets are available in a wide range of colors and types.
African violets are best in an east exposure.
African violets are easily the most popular flowering houseplants in America.
African violets are fussy about air and water temperatures.
African violets are highly subject to root and crown rot if overwatered.
African violets are highly susceptible to root and crown rot if overwatered.
African violets are low, compact plants with attractive dark green, thick, hairy leaves.
African violets are mildly toxic.
African violets are one of our most popular indoor flowering plants.
African violets are probably the best known clone in American households.
African violets are quick and easy to propagate.
African violets are sensuously purple flowers with a tiny fleck of yellow in the center.
African violets are very sensitive to a build-up of soluble salt which can damage plant roots.
African violets are very susceptible to crown and root rots.
African violets bloom best when crowded.
African violets bloom best when roots are crowded.
African violets can grow well but flower poorly unless light is sufficient.
African violets come in shades of white, blue, purple, coral, pink and even yellow.
African violets do best in bright, indirect light.
African violets do well when potted in rather small pots.
African violets grow and bloom very well under artificial lights.
African violets grow better in filtered than in direct sunlight.
African violets grow in a very wide range of soils and soil mixtures.
African violets like to be a bit crowded.
African violets live a long time.
African violets make great houseplants.
African violets prefer bright light, but avoid direct sun.
African violets prefer bright, indirect sunlight.
African violets prefer small pots.
African violets require a soil mix that is well-drained.
African violets require at least twelve hours of light daily in order to bloom.
African violets require more light than most growers first realize.
African violets seem to do best in a simple, peat based compost or potting soil.
African violets thrive in humid conditions.
African violets thrive under flourescent light conditions.
African violets thrive under humid conditions.
Most african violet has downy leaves.
Most african violet has fleshy leaves.
Most african violet has leaves.
Most African volcanoes result from hot spots , rifting in East Africa, or a combination of the two.
African weddings are very exciting and spiritual.
African wild dogs avoid predation.
African wisdom stands shoulder to shoulder with other sacred traditions around the world.
African witches obtain no burial rites when they die or are killed because of their practices.
African women account for substantial amounts of production in both the informal and formal sectors.
African women are a minority in most PAM courses, as are African men.
African women are absolutely essential to the survival of their families, communities and nations.
African women are at highest risk of death.
African women are the backbone of most of the region's economies.
African women derive power and strength from within the social structure.
African women do face particularly great obstacles.
African women do have much more a social life in the village community.
African women produce more testosterone than white women.
African women see opportunity.
African women sing and shake drums, and British soldiers in linen suits give silent salute.
African women understand facts.
African women writers series .
Most african women see opportunity.
Most african women understand facts.
Some african women attend clinics.
Some african women use certain herbs.
Some african women use herbs.
African workers have a positive work ethic, but tend to be relatively less productive.
African writers series African writers series.
Most African writers look for ways in which to put their writing at the disposal of their people.
African writings reveal unprecedented window into african wisdom.
Most African youths play reggae music now.
Africanized bees are endemic in parts of Texas and Arizona.
Africanized bees are harder to handle.
Africanized bees are honeybees.
Africanized bees are insects.
Africanized bees are just one of several subspecies of honey bees.
Africanized bees are less selective than our native bees when choosing nesting sites.
Africanized bees are much more aggressive in defending their hives than are European bees.
Africanized bees are present in southern Arizona.
Africanized bees are smaller than European honey bees and swarm at a younger age.
Africanized bees build in exposed locations more frequently than do European bees.
Africanized bees can be a life-threatening risk to animals and their owners.
Africanized bees fly faster than domestic bees, making it more difficult to escape by running.
Africanized bees have small colonies, so they can build nests in unique places.
Africanized bees look just like regular honey bees, but they are highly aggressive.
Africanized bees produce honey but are harder to handle.
Africanized bees pursue their predatory intruders for much longer distances than European honeybees.
Africanized bees react to disturbance around the hive.
Africanized drones are produced in greater numbers than are European drones.
Africanized honeybees are aggressive and can seriously attack and sting humans.
Africanized honeybees are bees.
Africanized honeybees are different.
Africanized honeybees are much more protective of their beehive and more likely to sting .
Africanized honeybees are much more protective of their beehive and more likely to sting.
Africanized honeybees are preyed on by ants, anteaters, and armadillos.
Africanized males have an advantage over European males in part due to sheer numbers.
Africentric people know better than to be affiliated with european culture or religion.
AFried fish seems to be the worst offender.
Afrikan communalism affords everyone a home.
Most Afrikan nations use only a European language.
Afrikan people come from a warm, caring environment.
Afrikan women are the creators of their men.
AFS access is also available.
AFS access is provided as a file sharing environment.
AFS president assigns to special committee.
AFS storage offers similar portability, and is safer, data-wise.
AFSA assistance is also available to members.
AFSA athletes can compete anywhere they feel like.
Many AFSA members participate as discussants or coordinators.
AFSC staff attach an underwater video camera to observe walleye pollock behavior within the net.
Most AFSC staff shoot too little film, especially of project work.
Aft deck has access to the salkon, fore deck and swim platform.
Afterall religion is just another subject as there are many.
Afterall variety is important.
Afterburners are a proven technology for control of organic compound emissions.
Afterburners are devices.
Afterburners are simple.
Afterburners have an entirely new meaning.
An afterburner is a device
Aftercare assistance is just a phone call away.
Aftercare coordinators pick up where the staff at the local institute left off.
Aftercare counseling is offered following detox or residential treatment.
Aftercare offenders participate in mandatory drug testing and are supervised by probation officers.
Aftercare participation is included as part of the client's written discharge commitment.
Aftercare planning is considered an integral part of the recovery process for adolescents.
Aftercare programs are essential to reduce the likelihood of re-offending.
Aftercare services are also available.
Aftercare services are an integral step in the ladder of rehabilitation.
Aftercare services are available.
Aftercare services reinforce the young person's commitment to a chemical-free life.
Aftereffects can include a slight hangover and impaired concentration.
An aftereffect is an effect
Afterimage effect is proportional to the luminance of the object.
Afterimage can be a negative or complementary process.
Afterimage is the perception of spots in the field of vision.
Afterimages are an example.
Afterimages can be annoying, but they are usually ignored or suppressed.
Afterimages only last for a few seconds.
Afterimages work because of the way human light receptors work.
An afterimage is an image
AfterLabelEdit event is fired.
Afterlife explores the broad history of life in post war Japan.
Afterlife Have a discussion on the belief in afterlife by ancient civilizations.
Afterlife is a brilliantly put together game.
Afterlife is a well constructed game, being clear and to the point in describing things.
Afterlife is an oxymoron.
Afterlife is good.
Afterlife is life
Afterlife is life.
Afterlife is thought of a lot in most of the cultures.
Afterlife is video games.
Afterlife is, quite simply, divine.
Afterlife tackles death from an offbeat angle.
Afternoon highs are in the sixties and seventies.
Afternoon naps are a rare treat.
Afternoon naps are the norm in order to keep cognitive function at an acceptable level.
Afternoon naps can sabotage the ability to sleep well at night.
Afternoon naps depend on the morning nap.
Afternoon naps help.
Afternoon newspapers are pretty much a relic of the past.
Afternoon services leave all participants feeling uplifted and blessed.
Afternoon session focuses on dealing with time robbers, interruptions and procrastination.
Afternoon session is rock climbing and rappelling outdoors on natural rock.
Afternoon session is space permitting.
Afternoon session teaches the essentials of flycasting.
Afternoon sessions are for enrichment and socialization.
Afternoon sessions are topical workshops including musical theory, sound systems, harmony singing.
Afternoon sessions are usually smaller.
Afternoon sessions cover advanced issues specific to MQGs and LQGs.
Afternoon sessions end with transportation back to the store.
Afternoon sessions focus on collective tactics, team preparation, and small-sided games.
Afternoon sessions focus on cultural study and group and individual projects.
Afternoon sessions focus on interactive lessons which can be used in a classroom setting.
Afternoon sessions focus on research projects on some aspect of American culture.
Afternoon sessions focus on the practical application of theory.
Afternoon tea adds to the open and nurturing environment where freedom of expression is encouraged.
Afternoon tea features more fresh-baked goodies and either hot or cold drinks.
Afternoon tea includes linzer tortes or homemade cookies on the veranda.
Afternoon tea is a meal
Afternoon tea is also available.
Afternoon tea is an English tradition, a social as well as culinary occasion.
Afternoon tea is an oasis of civility, grace, elegance and beauty amid the chaos of a busy day.
Afternoon tea is available in the guest parlor in the afternoons.
Afternoon tea is available in the lounge and library.
Afternoon tea is best when shared.
Afternoon tea is enjoyed by our resident s daily and an evening snack is served in resident s rooms.
Afternoon tea is enjoyed in front of the fire in the parlor.
Afternoon tea is followed by another magical drive which returns after dark.
Afternoon tea is followed by further game-viewing to sunset.
Afternoon tea is included in rate.
Afternoon tea is included in the cost.
Afternoon tea is included.
Afternoon tea is offered as well as wine and cheese.
Afternoon tea is offered to guests in the parlor or outside weather permitting.
Afternoon tea is provided on request.
Afternoon tea is provided.
Afternoon tea is served daily in the library.
Afternoon tea is served daily in the lobby and seasonally on the veranda.
Afternoon tea is served daily in the parlor or porch.
Afternoon tea is served daily.
Afternoon tea is served from either a low table or trolley.
Afternoon tea is served in our formal dining room or on the lemonade porch in warm weather.
Afternoon tea is served in the gothic teahouse beneath.
Afternoon tea is served in the lobby with a variety of cookies and cakes.
Afternoon tea is served in the lounge.
Afternoon tea is served on the front porch or in the guest parlour.
Afternoon tea is served on the summit of a nearby hill before returning to the Lodge.
Afternoon tea is served on the veranda.
Afternoon tea is served with fruit and a variety of pastries if desired.
Afternoon tea is served, followed by free time until dinner is served.
Afternoon tea is served.
Afternoon tea is still common.
Afternoon tea is supplied.
Afternoon tea is tea with finger sandwiches, scones and cakes.
Afternoon tea is the proper term.
Afternoon teas are also available.
Afternoon teas are available to pre-booked parties on some afternoon trains.
Afternoon teas are generally more elegant than evening high teas.
Afternoon are preferred.
Afternoon brings a walk on the north Cornwall coast with sweeping seaside views.
Afternoon brings exciting and challenging elective classes in both visual and performing arts.
Afternoon brings more bird walks and eagle tours on the lake.
Afternoon brings nonstop entertainment at the outdoor amphitheatre.
Afternoon brings the option for several thousand feet of mountain bike descent on country roads.
Afternoon calling before a wing likewise pull eating ass.
Afternoon check into the hotel.
Afternoon continue on to Waterford.
Afternoon delights Just as gender differences affect station ratings, so do time periods.
Afternoon depart for city tour.
Afternoon dive back at the underwater volcano.
Afternoon drive back to Delhi.
Afternoon drive back to hotel.
Afternoon drive back to house boat.
Afternoon drive back to houseboat for overnight stay.
Afternoon drive back to Islamabad.
Afternoon drive back to Kathmandu.
Afternoon drive back to Nairobi.
Afternoon drive through Madras City.
Afternoon drive through the desert to oasis town of Turfan.
Afternoon drive to agra.
Afternoon enjoy a game drive to have a close encounter with some of the wildest species.
Afternoon enjoy a sightseeing tour of Old Delhi.
Afternoon enjoy a sightseeing tour of Peshawar.
Afternoon enjoy another game and bird watching tour.
Afternoon enjoy city atmosphere.
Afternoon explore the sights of the Diamond-City of Antwerp on a guided sightseeing tour.
Afternoon fly to Cairns.
Afternoon fly to Shanghai and transfer to hotel.
Afternoon hike to look for different wildlife species.
Afternoon hitting camp focuses on hitting skills.
Afternoon imagine Payment onto whatever fence out most powder.
Afternoon includes the ancient site and museum in Delphi .
Afternoon is a lengthy synth-saturated ballad that meanders for the better part of eight minutes.
Afternoon is a perfect time for a Victorian wedding.
Afternoon is again free to explore Paris.
Afternoon is at leisure besides the swimming pool of the lodge.
Afternoon is at leisure besides the swimming pool or another game drive.
Afternoon is at leisure to browse around the market.
Afternoon is at leisure to enjoy one the most beautiful and romantic cities in the world.
Afternoon is at leisure.
Afternoon is best, as places start closing by early evening.
Afternoon is for leisure activities especially at the local bazaars.
Afternoon is free before dinner.
Afternoon is free for independent activities.
Afternoon is free for individual activities.
Afternoon is free for optional activities as game viewing, walking safaris or night game drives.
Afternoon is free for resting, shopping or other activities.
Afternoon is free for sand, surf or shopping.
Afternoon is free for shopping in the market.
Afternoon is free for shopping or optional tours.
Afternoon is free for shopping.
Afternoon is free for the bargains at the local souqs.
Afternoon is free to explore Oslo.
Afternoon is free to explore our nature trails and the beach.
Afternoon is free to explore the area.
Afternoon is free to explore the surrounding area or bathe in the fresh mountain stream.
Afternoon is free to lunch in one of the many cafes and pubs in Dublin city.
Afternoon is free to swim, snorkel, or enjoy the other water sports available.
Afternoon is free to walk around the city, visit other museums, go shopping or relax.
Afternoon is free to walk or rest.
Afternoon is free.
Afternoon is good for meeting with boss.
Afternoon is nap time.
Afternoon is open for optional activities such as rafting, flightseeing, or a dinner show.
Afternoon is records day.
Afternoon is spent game viewing .
Afternoon is spent in more feeding and travel.
Afternoon is spent in the lodge.
Afternoon is spent traversing the high valley, where nomadic tribesmen camp with their flocks.
Afternoon is the best time to exercise for optimal workout performance quality.
Afternoon is the time occurring between noon and evening .
Afternoon is the time of the day between noon and evening .
Afternoon is the worst time for slush flows.
Afternoon isa daylight.
Afternoon isa daytime.
Afternoon learn more about the Siecoyan culture.
Afternoon leave for Antigua.
Afternoon leave for Delhi.
Afternoon offers a delectable lunch menu and a special beachside menu service in season.
Afternoon offers free time for jeeping, horseback riding or shopping.
Afternoon proceed for a half day city tour of Mumbai.
Afternoon proceed for a half day city tour of Old Delhi.
Afternoon proceed for half day city tour.
Afternoon publishes art and many forms of literature.
Afternoon relax on the beach.
Afternoon ride along the river.
Afternoon ride available.
Afternoon ride back to hotel in Lima.
Afternoon ride in the foothills of the Bighorn Mountains.
Afternoon sail to Pigeon Island.
Afternoon sail with students rotating at the helm.
Afternoon seminars on art history, cooking and wine appreciation complement the experience.
Afternoon snack a yogurt, crackers or fruit.
Afternoon spend at leisure or stroll in the town.
Afternoon Spend the afternoon at the museums.
Afternoon Spend the day exploring the island's attractions or find a quiet spot to enjoy the sun.
Afternoon stroll around the Lake side.
Afternoon take a leisure time by visiting to a local market.
Afternoon take Payment behind one thunder below few ocean.
Afternoon tends to be a quiet period but look for turtles, lizards and butterflies.
Afternoon tour the crater with lunch boxes.
Afternoon transfer back to Guatemala City.
Afternoon travel back to hotel.
Afternoon visit a factory.
Afternoon visit nearby tribal village to see their craft of daily living.
Afternoon visit old city.
Afternoon visit one of the beautiful surrounding beaches.
Afternoon visit one the beautiful surrounding beaches.
Afternoon visit the city.
Afternoon visit the famous sea shore temple.
Afternoon visit the Fort and the bazzars.
Afternoon visit the Fort and the colorful bazzars.
Afternoon visit the islands of Aswan by felucca.
Afternoon visit the local museum and explore the town.
Afternoon visit the local museum.
Afternoon visit the Reed Flute Cave and Elephant Hill.
Afternoon visit the spice plantations.
Afternoon visit the surrounding areas and back to Quito.
Afternoon visit the temples.
Afternoon visit various old painted mansions.
Afternoon walk through the cobbled streets with magnificent havelis.
Afternoon walk to first campsite.
Afternoon walk to view the prolific bird life.
Afternoon walks in the park.
Afternoon walks speaking in French, drinks and dinner each night.
Afternoon workshops Our afternoon workshops are also following our theme of Weaving Webs of Light.
Afternoons also are a time for individual tutoring.
Afternoons are a mix of things.
Afternoons are at leisure.
Afternoons are available for unsupervised practice exercises.
Afternoons are best for ducks and grouse.
Afternoons are best.
Afternoons are calm, but evenings rev up with loud music and dishy barmen.
Afternoons are completely free for everyone.
Afternoons are days.
Afternoons are devoted to climbs, walks, and visits to places of local interest.
Afternoons are devoted to crafts Sues scheduling methods fly in the face of popular opinion.
Afternoons are devoted to field trips, working in the studio, and photography.
Afternoons are devoted to laboratories.
Afternoons are devoted to practical hands-on sessions and video taped simulations.
Afternoons are devoted to practical, hands-on sessions and rescue simulations.
Afternoons are devoted to supervised teaching practice with genuine English language students.
Afternoons are devoted to work such as landscaping, painting or even light clerical work.
Afternoons are for clubs and volunteer work.
Afternoons are for excursions.
Afternoons are for grooming, socializing, medical treatment, and, of course, poop-scooping.
Afternoons are for problem sessions, group projects, study groups.
Afternoons are for recreation including tours to popular sites, sports and other activities.
Afternoons are for recreation, service, sports, field trips.
Afternoons are for river rafting, hiking, swimming, horseback riding and having fun.
Afternoons are for staying cool and in doors.
Afternoons are for touring the area.
Afternoons are free and dinners take place at the hotel.
Afternoons are free for adventuring and photographing.
Afternoons are free for informal discussion and social activities.
Afternoons are free for personal renewal.
Afternoons are free for recreation and hanging out at the dorms with friends.
Afternoons are free for sight-seeing and study.
Afternoons are free for study, work, recreation, and Christian outreach.
Afternoons are free time.
Afternoons are free to arrange on an individual basis.
Afternoons are free to muse, explore, and compose in the beautiful island setting.
Afternoons are free to roam or take excursions to cultural sites.
Afternoons are free to spend as a family enjoying the pool, ocean and the town of Ocean Park, Maine.
Afternoons are free to write notes and work with the patients.
Afternoons are free.
Afternoons are frequently balmy.
Afternoons are full of family recreation.
Afternoons are good for naps.
Afternoons are good.
Afternoons are great for coffee dates.
Afternoons are more leisurely.
Afternoons are more likely to bring strong winds, heat, and other people.
Afternoons are often best due to warming water and incoming tides.
Afternoons are often busy times.
Afternoons are open to all.
Afternoons are practical sessions and video taped simulations.
Afternoons are really dreadful.
Afternoons are slow here due to the vertical angle of the sun and very hot air temps.
Afternoons are spend doing the non ham related activities.
Afternoons are spent training the dogs during the winter, feeding is done after that.
Afternoons are the best time to work the bees.
Afternoons are the easiest times to find parking.
Afternoons are the most productive times to fish.
Afternoons are the right kind of warm.
Afternoons are time of day.
Afternoons are usually free for further reflection on the readings or small-group discussions.
Afternoons bake in the sun or lie on the lounge chairs provided at the Cabana.
Afternoons bulge with a succulent ripeness, like fat peaches.
Afternoons end with an optional visit to an historic London pub or eccentric tea shop.
Afternoons enjoy tea and home-made cookies or pastries in front of the fire.
Afternoons feature a special methods workshop for classroom teachers.
Afternoons find even the most harried person pausing in awe at the best sunset in the world.
Afternoons focus on standards, assessment, and curriculum.
Afternoons have (part) mornings.
Afternoons involve small group work, more intensive workshops and one culminating plenary activity.
Afternoons is a walk in the park compared to mornings.
Afternoons mean brainstorming meetings.
Afternoons offer ample time for leisure activities.
Afternoons offer swimming, bowling, and field trips to the zoo and a local museum.
Afternoons offer the warmest conditions, and typically, the fish react by actively feeding.
Afternoons only defer nightfall.
Afternoons pass amid adolescent pranks and insults.
Afternoons tend to get a little windy out on the lake.
Afternoons there are fresh baked cookies, coffee and tea in the lobby.
An afternoon is a day
Afternoons usually are best, benefiting from maximum hours of high sun.
Afternoons usually consist of stalking downhill through thick timber where elk hide during midday.
Afternoons usually involve meetings.
All afternoons are free for informal discussions, hiking, sight-seeing or other recreation.
Every afternoon offers a new adventure.
Many afternoons are free and beaches abound.
Most afternoons are free to explore the area's treasures and natural beauty.
Some afternoon sunbreaks.
Some afternoons do get hot for a couple of hours.
Aftershocks actually become less frequent with time, rather than smaller, as is commonly believed.
Aftershocks are as small earthquakes which come immediately after an earthquake.
Aftershocks are common with earthquakes.
Aftershocks are common.
Aftershocks are earthquakes that usually occur near the mainshock.
Aftershocks are earthquakes themselves and can be as severe as the original temblor.
Aftershocks are earthquakes.
Aftershocks are formed as the crust adjusts to the effects of the main shock .
Aftershocks are formed as the crust adjusts to the effects of the main shock.
Aftershocks are larger than the main shock in an earthquake sequence.
Aftershocks are normally less intense and gradually die out.
Aftershocks are primary sources of information.
Aftershocks are still a concern.
Aftershocks are such adjustments, and are always minuscule compared to the major plate movement.
Aftershocks are tremors.
Aftershocks are usually less intense than the main quake but can cause further structural damage.
Aftershocks can also be damaging.
Aftershocks can be nearly as bad as the original quake.
Aftershocks can cause additional damage, and more glass and debris can fall.
Aftershocks can level severely damaged buildings.
Aftershocks can occur for several months, with tremors gradually becoming smaller.
Aftershocks can occur from hours to months after the initial earthquake.
Aftershocks can occur in the first hours, days, weeks or even months after the quake.
Aftershocks can occur in the first hours, days, weeks, or even months after the quake.
Aftershocks continue and most people choose to live outside of their mud houses.
Aftershocks continue even two weeks after the earthquake.
Aftershocks continue to occur in El Salvador.
Aftershocks continue to rattle relief workers in both nations.
Aftershocks continue to shake the area daily.
Aftershocks decrease in number and magnitude over time.
Aftershocks destroy mountains and cities.
Aftershocks differentiate earthquakes from other natural disasters.
Aftershocks exhibit a particular pattern with time.
Aftershocks normally occur a few days after a major quake.
Aftershocks occur frequently.
Aftershocks occur in the following days to weeks.
An aftershock is a tremor
Aftershocks frequently occur minutes, days, weeks and even months following an earthquake.
Aftershocks frequently occur minutes, days, weeks, and even months.
Aftershocks often follow after an earthquake.
Aftershocks often occur after quakes and can cause weakened structures to fall down.
Every aftershock creates a resurgence of use on the phone network, causing additional congestion.
Some aftershocks can be bigger than the first quakes.
Aftertaste hangs on for a very long time.
An aftertaste is an image
Afterward mail is returned to the sender.
Aftifical insemination is when the farmer does it to the cow instead of the bull.
Agalmic goods are non-scarce goods, but they are often produced using scarce goods as raw materials.
Agamids are a sister group to the iguanids.
Agamids are lizards.
Agamids are predominantly oviparous.
An agamid is a lizard
Many agamids wield prickly body armor.
Some agamids enjoy the water and others prefer the trees.
Agamogenesis is where there is no sexual union necessary to produce offspring.
Agapao love is to be totally given over to someone or something.
Agape center is on the right side.
Agape foreplay begins days before intercourse, especially for the ladies.
Agape love carries burdens and shares sorrows when human love gives up or burns out.
Agape love defines loving relationships.
Agape love is a choice based on biblical values.
Agape love is a decision of the lover.
Agape love is a love focused entirely on the other person.
Agape love is anything but a selfish love.
Agape love is divine love, sacrificial love.
Agape love is just the opposite to human love.
Agape love is love
Agape love is practical and visible - Jn.
Agape love is pure love.
Agape love is the spiritual fuel on which the church is powered.
Agape love is the willing of the highest good of a person, irrespective of grateful response.
Agape love is transformative love.
Agape love is unconditional.
Agape love is very concerned about the well-being of the one being loved.
Agape love seeks the good of the other person.
Agape love works for the happiness of the other without requiring reciprocation.
Agapic love is built especially for tough assignments.
Agapic love is charitable, selfless, patient, undemanding and chaste.
Agar agar is a vegetable substitute.
Agar agar is a vegetarian alternative, and can be substituted for gelatin.
Agar agar is derived from gelidium species of red sea vegetable.
Agar agar is used in the manufacture of pills and ointments.
Agar powder is available in bulk at health food stores.
Agar is gum
More agar is used for cooking than for microbiological medium.
Agaric is a fungus
Agarics are soft and fleshy and short-lived.
Most agata pieces are small, and examples are rare.
Agate glass exhibits a marbled effect resulting from a misture of various colored glasses.
Any agate package is really nothing more than fields and records.
Agate runes are useful for divining any situation involving love, gardening, or children.
Agate comes in a range of colors.
Agate comes in most colors.
Agate helps in healing, especially blood, skin, and intestinal conditions.
Agate is a form of chalcedony with bands or patterns of various colors.
Agate is a form of chalcedony.
Agate is a quartz mineral originally formed in the bubbles within a volcanic lava bed.
Agate is a semi-precious gemstone that consists of thousands of microscopic quartz crystals.
Agate is a very common stone that is often used in jewelry.
Agate is gemstones.
Agate is minerals.
Agate is on both sides.
Agate is precious stones.
Agate is quartz
Agate is stones.
Agate slices Colourful agate slices come from South America.
Agates appear red, brown and orange in color.
Agates are a form of chalcedony and are deposited by fluids that infiltrate voids in volcanic rocks.
Agates are another rockhound's treasure to look for.
Agates are usually white with swirls of grey and black spots.
Agates can be unique to their geological areas.
Agates can get as big as a head or even bigger.
Agates come in many shapes and sizes.
Agates come in various colors.
Agates display a variety of colors arranged in curved bands with various degrees of translucency.
Agates feel heavier than other stones of the same size.
Agates feel waxy to the touch.
Agates have many colors.
Agates occur as spherical or almond shaped inclusions in basic volcanic rock.
Agates occur in igneous rocks such as volcanic lavas.
Agates offer protection, energy, stress reduction, grounding and healing.
All agates enhance other stones.
All agates strengthen the effect of other stones.
Many agates are normally an unattractive grey color and are only feebly patterned.
Most agates are naturally grayish and are artificially colored.
Most agates are naturally greyish and are artificially coloured.
Most agates are no larger than three inches in diameter.
Most agates occur in cavities of eruptive rocks or ancient lavas.
Some agates look like marbles.
Agatized coral is Florida's state stone.
Agave deserti var.
Agaves are desert plants.
Agaves are like an annual flower.
Agaves are native to Mexico.
Agaves are rosette plants that live for several to many years before flowering.
Agaves feature many bold colourations and striping patterns.
Agaves fit very comfortably with a lot of different planting styles.
Agaves flower only once in their lifetime, after which they senesce and die.
Agaves grow in habitats that lack abundant rainfall or in which water drains quickly.
Agaves grow mainly in Mexico .
Agaves grow mainly in Mexico.
Agaves hate cold, wet soil.
Agaves have virtually no stem.
Agaves produce a sugary juice that can be fermented to produce an alcoholic beverage called pulque.
An agave is a tracheophyte
Most agaves are too large to be grown in pots, but the many dwarf forms are becoming better known.
Some agaves are excellent landscape plants and some become very large in container culture.
Age appropriateness focuses on the age group of children and where they are developmentally.
Age appropriateness is also an important issue.
Age appropriateness is also very important.
Age appropriateness is approximate.
Age appropriateness is provided.
Age appropriateness refers to the predictable sequences of growth occurring in young children.
Age children have sore throats.
Age children have throats.
Age classes are the same for men and women.
Age classes vary from old growth, to newly regenerated forest areas.
An age class is a class
Age compositions change over periods.
Age dependency is another area of study being explored.
Age difference can be a benefit for a long time.
Age difference causes problems but love conquers all.
Age difference is a key dynamic.
Age difference is generated by an erosion law.
Age difference is the relevant question.
Age difference present another type of boundary.
Age differences are inevitable chronic disease death rates increase as men get older.
Age differences are part of the explanation.
Age differences disappear in the classroom.
Age discrimination can be devastating as well.
Age discrimination can occur by and against youths and the elderly.
Age discrimination continues to be politically sensitive.
Age discrimination is a tricky issue.
Age discrimination is against the law.
Age discrimination is alive and well.
Age discrimination is constitu- tionally permissible.
Age discrimination is illegal, but it is out there.
Age discrimination is illegal.
Age discrimination is rampant in sports.
Age discrimination is rampant in the industry.
Age discrimination is rampant. . . .
Age discrimination is rampant.
Age discrimination is the fastest growing type of bias charge in the workplace.
Age discrimination occurs for an array of reasons.
Age discrimination results from stereotyping a group, just like race and gender discrimination.
Age discrimination works both ways.
Age distribution can have a major effect on how the population grows.
Age distribution is considered to be bimodal with peaks in the twenties and sixties.
Age distribution is important in the planning of services and housing types.
Age distribution is the number of organisms of each age in a population.
Age distributions vary dramatically as well.
Age group is determined by the rider's age on the first day of the convention.
Age group is pre-k. .
Age group is reported in one of nine different age groupings.
Age group runs from late adolescence up.
Age group varies.
Age groups are approximate.
Age groups are large enough for social interaction and even endogamy is possible.
Age groups are mixed.
Age groups are people.
Age groups are similarly varied, spanning the gamut from children to the elderly.
Age groups begin with first grade and go all the way through college.
Age groups differ in reactions.
Age groups follow the Monday Night Series.
Age groups range from preschool through adult.
Age groups rotate through different stations.
Age groups see similar issues from different slants.
Age groups vary depending on the program being offered.
Age groups vary from upper elementary through high school.
An age group is a people
All age group enjoys it.
All age groups are available.
All age groups are eligible for emergency care to relieve pain and infection.
All age groups are equally likely to use other Web pages and search engines to find new Web pages.
All age groups are now busy with projects involving skills acquisition and problem solving.
All age groups are susceptible, but symptoms are most severe for elderly, infants and infirm.
All age groups are vulnerable, but older adults are most at risk.
All age groups are welcome and there are no prerequisites.
All age groups are welcome to apply.
All age groups are welcome.
All age groups benefit from Jacksonville's ample supply of fine restaurants, however.
All age groups benefit from physical activity.
All age groups can benefit from physical activity.
All age groups can comprehend the documents at some level.
All age groups can learn lessons about earning, saving and spending money.
All age groups can participate.
All age groups combine and have the choice of supervised activities.
All age groups enjoy our shows.
All age groups give their support, with approval gaining more strength as people get older.
All age groups have a minimum of four and a maximum of eight students.
All age groups have an opportunity to learn.
All age groups swim at the same time.
All age groups welcome.
Any age group does.
Any age group is welcome to participate from beginning photographers to more advanced amateurs.
Every age group has a characteristic birth and death rate.
Every age group has a section, filled with toys, books, learning materials and art supplies.
Every age group has an opportunity to study the Bible.
Every age group has bad drivers, and they put everyone at risk of an accident.
Every age group has different needs, expectations, and abilities.
Every age group is covered, in fact.
Every age group is judged with the same rules.
Every age group is represented from babes in arms to young teenagers.
Every age group is represented, from babies in diapers to senior citizens.
Every age group is represented.
Every age group is welcome and usually well represented.
Every age group sampled during the life of the study is coded.
Most age groups have premier and challenge divisions.
Some age groups have waiting lists.
Age models tend to change in time.
Age of consent is a strange thing.
Age of consent is an age
All ages of dogs are available, purebred and mixed ones.
Age of Kings boasts a technology tree with over a hundred nodes.
Age of Kings has the potential to be a great game.
Age of Kings is destined for stardom.
Age of marriage is controlled by each of the four States.
Age of onset depends upon the age and rate of progression of the underlying disease process.
Age of onset is after three months of age.
Age of onset is important in determining the prognosis of the patient.
AGE of onset is mostly in the late teens and twenties.
Age of onset is typically in late adolescence or early adulthood.
Age of onset is usually mid to late life.
Age of onset is variable.
Age of onset seems to be paramount.
Age of onset tends to be similar within families.
Age of onset varies depending on the involved joint.
Age of onset varies from late teens to post-menopause.
Age pigment is found in the organ of Corti even in animals deaf from birth.
Age regression can also be a highly effective technique for uncovering causes.
Age restrictions apply for recreational activities, please inquire.
Age restrictions apply to certain activities.
Age restrictions apply to some events.
Age restrictions apply.
Age restrictions can apply.
Age restrictions differ by policy.
Age restrictions do apply.
Age restrictions keep little kids grounded.
Age restrictions vary.
Some age restrictions apply.
Age- risk increases with age.
Age segregation is arbitrary, educationally retarding and socially disfiguring.
Age segregation makes contact and knowledge difficult.
Age spots are blotches of darker skin color that are common on the face and hands.
Age spots are flat, brown areas of skin that can be up to an inch across.
Age spots are one of the results.
Age spots are preventable.
Age spots can also be present on the face, back and legs.
Age spots can get pretty big - up to an inch or so in diameter.
Age spots cause no long-term effects.
Most age spots appear on the face, neck, and hands.
Age statement is required.
Age stratification is a powerful tool.
Age structure analyses indicate ages.
Age structure is essential information for monitoring a population's status and recruitment history.
Age structure is the distribution of numbers of individuals of various ages.
Age structure is the number of individuals of each age within the population.
Age structure is uniform and timing of phenological events are uniform, e.g., flowering.
Age structure is useful in understanding and predicting population growth.
Age structure refers to the relative proportion of individuals in each age group of a population.
Age verification is another issue.
Age verification is required at time of registration.
Age verification is required.
Age verification is simple.
Age abounds among the holdovers.
Age adds another complication.
Age adds risk.
Age adds wisdom in such matters, however.
Age affects fluid intelligence components more than crystallized components.
Age affects individuals' response to the perception of pain and response to pain relieving measures.
Age affects intelligence test scores.
Age affects learning style.
Age affects sleep too.
Age affects the entire system.
Age alone explains much of the difference in wealth.
Age alone is a poor indicator of one's competence.
Age alone is a poor predictor of driving expertise.
Age alone is no barrier to participation in arts and crafts.
Age also affects compliance.
Age also appears to play a role, with reported problems increasing among older individuals.
Age also becomes a factor when dealing with respect and integrity.
Age also can be a factor in activity levels.
Age also contributes to the decline.
Age also has a bearing on hypnotizability in some very general ways.
Age also has a devastating effect on the function of the human brain.
Age also has an impact on the sharing of shopping duties.
Age also has an important effect on religious activity.
Age also increases the chance of injury and death.
Age also increases the risk of bladder instability.
Age also increases the risk of getting arthritis.
Age also influences memory.
Age also introduces considerable differences which decline in the higher social classes.
Age also is a risk factor in cardiovascular diseases.
Age also is an important factor because people tend to develop more adenomas with age.
Age also is no contraindication for hair transplantation.
Age also make a difference.
Age also makes hair become finer.
Age also plays a part in the wages of industry professionals.
Age also plays a role in plumage color.
Age also plays a role in the t-commerce study.
Age also plays a role in Type II diabetes.
Age also plays a role.
Age also seems to affect the time it takes for ejaculation to occur.
Age also seems to affect what people believe.
Age also seems to effect reproduction in terms of chromosomal abnormalities, as well.
Age also translates to experience.
Age also varies by type of disability.
Age also whittles away at the number of positions that are incorporated into lovemaking.
Age alters the cardiovascular response to direct passive heating.
Age appears to be a major factor in public opinion of nudity and sexual content in movies.
Age appears to be a significant factor in relation to divisions within the sector.
Age appears to be an important factor for migration of child labourers.
Age appears to be an important factor in the popularity of some foods.
Age appears to be another important risk factor.
Age appears to be the main factor that disproportionately affects the population.
Age appears to be the single most important prognostic factor.
Age appears to have no effect on the capacity of long-term memory.
Age applies on date of race.
Age are an important safety measure.
Age becomes less of a factor when candidates appear energetic, nondefensive, and computer-savvy.
Age begets wisdom.
Age breeds aches.
Age brings a clearer view.
Age brings changes in the arteries.
Age brings changes to the skin much as it does to the rest of our bodies.
Age brings deterioration to the body and youthful beauty is quickly lost.
Age brings grief, but also understanding.
Age brings higher problem rates.
Age brings humility.
Age brings In a gradual retardation of cell division, cell excretions and overall body function.
Age brings insight, wisdom, and a greater ability to pass general knowledge exams.
Age brings marked declines in semen volume and sperm quality.
Age brings wisdom and maturity which can only be gained through experience.
Age brings with it a more discriminating palette.
Age brings with it experience, maturity and wisdom.
Age can affect health care outcomes.
Age can affect the capacity to repair tissue damage.
Age can also affect toxicity.
Age can also be a factor.
Age can also be an advantage.
Age can also effect a buck's antlers dramatically.
Age can also play a role.
Age can be a factor.
Age can be a problem if no growth is taking place.
Age can be an important factor in Asian communities.
Age can be chronological, psychological and pathological.
Age can be very beautiful.
Age can bring many unpleasant effects, including memory loss and dementia.
Age can finally say aloud what it really feels and thinks in after dinner company or crowd.
Age can hurt.
Age can shorten that time.
Age catches up to the saguaro as it does in the human race.
Age causes a redistribution of joint torques and powers during gait.
Age causes muscle strength to decrease, so flexibility, stamina, and energy levels drop.
Age causes some changes in the discs that separate our spine vertebrae.
Age causes the muse to fail to stimulate the poet.
Age certainly plays a role.
Age changes in children's beliefs of internal and external control.
Age changes in children's bimanual motor performance.
Age changes in integrative complexity and vocabulary in political columns.
Age changes in lumbar vertebrae and intervertebral discs.
Age changes in motor skills during childhood and adolescence.
Age changes in stem cells of murine small intestinal crypts.
Age changes in the causes of individual differences in conservatism.
Age changes in the distribution of visual attention.
Age changes in the human neostriatum.
Age changes in the optical density of human ocular media.
Age changes in the scapula.
Age changes in thinking a.
Age changes people.
Age contours represent melt production at the indicate times.
Age creates object data member.
Age dating starbursts is an exercise with many caveats.
Age decreases methylation and increases cancer risk.
Age decreases nitric oxide-containing nerve fibers in the rat penis.
Age definitely dictates acceptance.
Age demands an inheritance.
Age determines investing strategy.
Age determines rank in the hierarchy.
Age determines the jurisdiction of juvenile court .
Age dims the reflexes and there is nowhere for a slowing fighter to hide in the ring.
Age dissociates recency and lag-recency effects in free recall.
Age does affect memory.
Age does begin to show and there's nothing anyone can do.
Age does catch up with one.
Age does correlate with mortality.
Age does have an effect.
Age does have the greatest effect on the success of gold bead implant.
Age does indeed play an inflated role in our culture.
Age does make a difference, it does.
Age does necessarily produce differences but it is perceived as doing so at times.
Age does play a role, too, in addition to the above factors.
Age does wonderful things to special beers.
Age engages beyond little left-handed baseball gloves.
Age especially is often a tip off.
Age estimates for the late quaternary high sea-stands.
Age exist along the tooth abcess.
Age exist along the trauma.
Age figures into other thinking about poverty and the future.
Age follows gender in numeric form.
Age further complicates the chemical and physical problems involved.
Age generally causes valves to leak over time.
Age given is incorrect.
Age gives a mellow gleam to the skin.
Age grouping for masters is determined by actual birth date.
Age hardening usually follows rapid cooling or cold working.
Age hardens the soap and makes it less likely to melt away in the shower or bathtub.
Age has a funny way of making changes.
Age has a great effect and in general as cattle grow older they become fatter.
Age has a lot to do with it.
Age has a lot to do with menstrual flow.
Age has a small and inconsistent positive effect.
Age has a very mild correlation with a good orgasm.
Age has a way of doing that.
Age has an impact on frequencies of abductions.
Age has an impact on whether surgery is appropriate.
Age has an important effect on memory.
Age has an important influence on the incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Age has benefits.
Age has both positive and negative effects.
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters.
Age has less to do with it than temperament and maturity.
Age has less to with it than the environment that influences one s ideas.
Age has little to do with a person's attitude about professional development.
Age has little to do with it.
Age has little to do with the performance of a camera.
Age has many rewards.
Age has no bearing on fraternalism.
Age has nothing to do with being a good teacher.
Age has nothing to do with it.
Age has nothing to do with learning new ways to do stupid things.
Age has nothing to do with reversal.
Age has nothing to do with sexual abuse or other violence in a relationship.
Age has nothing to do with the heart and soul.
Age has nothing to do with the survival rate of a hard drive.
Age has nothing to do with Torah.
Age has nothing to do with truth.
Age has significant impact on personal space.
Age has something to do with it, too.
Age has the greatest impact on health care costs.
Age has the weakest relationship to debt of the significant variables in the model.
Age has to be a factor here.
Age has very little to do with ability.
Age here is a point of view and life continues to enchant, amuse and humble.
Age holds a certain appeal, for it is comfortable, the brokenness and imperfection pleasing.
Age impacts the factors consumers consider important when selecting a service company.
Age increases a woman's risk of having a baby with a genetic disorder.
Age increases ones chance of developing Sleep Apnea.
Age increases the risk for several reasons.
Age increases with increasing distance away from the mid-ocean ridge.
Age Indicates the age of the injured person.
Age inevitably brings body changes.
Age influences hair strength.
Age influences the speed of learning.
Age is a basic piece in the puzzle of the past.
Age is a between-subject variable since each subject is in either one age group or the other.
Age is a big factor.
Age is a bigger topic in television than in features.
Age is a bundle of maladies.
Age is a case of mind over matter.
Age is a concern.
Age is a covariate.
Age is a critical factor as well as economy.
Age is a crown.
Age is a definite risk factor in canine cancers.
Age is a delicate issue in any workplace.
Age is a determining factor in taste.
Age is a determining factor when making groups.
Age is a disability and to play hard games is age discrimination.
Age is a diversity issue.
Age is a double-edged sword.
Age is a factor and they had a pretty long string without many serious injuries.
Age is a factor in social behavior, and the elderly are treated with the utmost respect.
Age is a factor in terms of portion control.
Age is a factor in terms of retirement.
Age is a factor in whether a college graduate stays or leaves the state .
Age is a factor in whether a college graduate stays or leaves the state.
Age is a factor, but there is no absolute threshold.
Age is a factor, too.
Age is a factor.
Age is a flexible criterion.
Age is a form of confinement.
Age is a funny thing.
Age is a high price to pay for maturity .
Age is a high price to pay for maturity.
Age is a huge factor in how people assess small business.
Age is a key demographic when assessing population needs.
Age is a key fact here.
Age is a killer.
Age is a local variable .
Age is a major determinant of disease risk.
Age is a major factor in the acquired cases.
Age is a major factor in the chance of entering poverty.
Age is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Age is a matter of perspective, and each birthday is a call for celebration.
Age is a matter of the mind.
Age is a number and a state of mind.
Age is a number.
Age is a particularly important factor.
Age is a particularly important issue with some of the animals from early importations.
Age is a poor predictor of performance.
Age is a possibility.
Age is a powerful factor when considering a partners' sexual satisfaction.
Age is a protected category under United States law along with sex, race and religion.
Age is a protected issue when it comes to employment.
Age is a question of mind over matter.
Age is a risk factor for heart disease, hence a potentially confounding variable.
Age is a risk factor in thrombosis and clotting commonly occurs in older adults.
Age is a risk factor.
Age is a risk indicator in cross-sectional studies or a predictor in longitudinal studies.
Age is a role, an acceleration of 'lived' time on the plane of appearances, an attachment to things.
Age is a second factor and the person's address makes a third factor.
Age is a sign of respect and stability in the Latin culture.
Age is a significant factor in acceptance of overseas managers.
Age is a significant factor in determining the uses and gratifications of satellite TV viewing.
Age is a state of mind and body.
Age is a state of mind, because young people can be found at any age.
Age is a state of mind.
Age is a state of the mind.
Age is a stronger barrier to returning to school for women than for men.
Age is a surprise, music a blessing, the sea a magnet.
Age is a terrible thing.
Age is a variable for which adjustment is most often carried out.
Age is a verry high price to pay for maturity.
Age is a verry high prise to pay for maturity.
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Age is a very high prise to pay for maturity.
Age is a vital issue to include in any policy change.
Age is a work of art.
Age is age.
Age is all imagination.
Age is all in the mind.
Age is all relative.
Age is also a common issue in recruitment.
Age is also a concern for some models.
Age is also a consideration when using flea products.
Age is also a consideration.
Age is also a factor - with early adolescence a watershed.
Age is also a factor in the ability to survive accidents.
Age is also a factor in the strength of the immune system.
Age is also a factor which has no effect on bearing a premature child.
Age is also a factor with most affected dogs being mature to senior animals.
Age is also a factor with stress.
Age is also a factor.
Age is also a major determining factor in the prevalence of hypertension.
Age is also a major risk factor for heart failure, as is diabetes.
Age is also a protected area in employment.
Age is also a risk factor.
Age is also a significant factor when comparing electricity usage of refrigerators.
Age is also an ascribed status.
Age is also an important determinant of outcome.
Age is also an important factor in behavior during sleep deprivation.
Age is also an important factor is predicting prognosis, as is family history of the disease.
Age is also an important factor.
Age is also another factor.
Age is also difficult to determine.
Age is also important in determining the most appropriate treatment.
Age is also important.
Age is also part of that diversity.
Age is also part of the investigation.
Age is always apparent.
Age is an additional requirement.
Age is an Advantage.
Age is an attitude.
Age is an honour to the just.
Age is an important consideration in first and second lactation cows.
Age is an important distinction between the two individuals, however.
Age is an important factor in determining the clinical pattern.
Age is an important factor in determining the likely cause of uterine bleeding.
Age is an important factor in the development of cancer.
Age is an important factor in the response to training.
Age is an important factor.
Age is an important for infertility.
Age is an important risk factor for the development of colorectal cancer.
Age is an important variable in the violence prevention field.
Age is an independent risk factor for operative mortality.
Age is an independent risk factor for peri-operative cardiac morbidity.
Age is an independent variable.
Age is an issue of mind over matter.
Age is an opportunity no less than youth to keep our intellectual curiosity invigorating.
Age is another example.
Age is another factor associated with Internet use.
Age is another factor.
Age is another important factor.
Age is another intangible that goes into merger considerations.
Age is another issue in the fight over the safety of creatine.
Age is another major reason behind why individuals often reverse a transition.
Age is another major reason for baldness or extensive hair loss.
Age is another prominent risk factor.
Age is another risk factor.
Age is another source of student population diversity.
Age is another thing to consider.
Age is another unavoidable risk.
Age is another.
Age is as of the regatta date.
Age is associated with a slower rate of decrease.
Age is attitude.
Age is beside the point.
Age is better.
Age is blotted out.
Age is calculated according to the person's precise date of birth and is rounded to full years.
Age is calculated at boot camp application date.
Age is calculated by subtracting a person's date of birth from the current date.
Age is calculated from the entry date and the date of birth.
Age is certainly the issue.
Age is computed by subtracting birth year from current year.
Age is computed when the date of birth is entered in the date of birth field.
Age is considered the only practical criterion on which to base screening guidelines.
Age is considered when planning tours.
Age is controlled.
Age is corrected to take into account propagation delay between multiple levels of caches.
Age is critical in determining the type and amount of stress that a dog can safely carry.
Age is critical Many types of scours are most deadly in very young calves.
Age is decedent's age at last birthday.
Age is defined as completed years at the last birthday.
Age is defined as the person' s age in years at the beginning of the study.
Age is determined as age on the day of competition.
Age is determined as of the appropriate taxable status date.
Age is determined at time of release.
Age is determined by comparison and is difficult for an inexperienced visual tracker.
Age is determined by counting growth rings, formed during attenuated growth in winter.
Age is determined by counting winter growth checks on the shell.
Age is determined by development of premolars and molars and their successive wear and tear.
Age is determined by examining teeth replacement and wear.
Age is determined by examining the rings of the shell of the turtle, called annuli.
Age is determined by the replacement and wear of the teeth.
Age is determined by the swimmer's age on the first day of the meet.
Age is determined from the age of the host strata.
Age is determined from the year published.
Age is determined in completed years as at the time of the census.
Age is determined on check-out day.
Age is determined upon the first round of a tournament.
Age is difficult to determine, as hagfish have a cartilagenous skeleton.
Age is difficult to measure for individual stars, but possible to measure for clusters of stars.
Age is divided into three categories.
Age is effective year.
Age is egalitarian, easy to implement and has been a primary criterion for many years.
Age is equated with wisdom.
Age is equivalent to old things.
Age is especially important in window air conditioners.
Age is estimated according to size and growth rate based on temperature.
Age is estimated based on molt frequency and average molt increment.
Age is estimated by counting rings in the otolith, or ear bone.
Age is everybody's concern.
Age is fairly easy to gauge from cabinet styles.
Age is feared, disguised, put away or otherwise denied.
Age is for the first listed social security number on joint- returns.
Age is given in years in the life of the cohort.
Age is held at bay, even conquered by remaining active.
Age is here, as well.
Age is honorable and youth is noble.
Age is illegible.
Age is immaterial, but experience and professionalism count for a lot.
Age is immaterial, but high credibility is essential.
Age is immediately discernable by archelogists, for Neolithic peoples practiced agriculture.
Age is important as aerobic capacity usually declines with age.
Age is important because the safe level of many overdoses varies with age.
Age is important for most people because it is a closer match of their life goals.
Age is important in determining appropriate dosing.
Age is important only insofar as how long it takes a whisky to mature.
Age is important to an offender's reintegration potential.
Age is important.
Age is in calendar or operating time, cycles, or another measure.
Age is in conflict with other sources.
Age is in years unless month 'm' indicated.
Age is in years, and some infants had fractional values.
Age is in years.
Age is included in the model as a proxy for experience.
Age is indecipherable.
Age is indefinite.
Age is indiscriminate.
Age is irrelevant as far as ease of training.
Age is irrelevant in freelance work.
Age is irrelevant.
Age is just a natural progression.
Age is just a number ja.
Age is just a number Matching Asian and American singles for love and marriage.
Age is just a number.
Age Is Just A Number.
Age is just a state of mind.
Age is just age.
Age is less of an issue in the private sector.
Age is limited by the state of the teeth.
Age is listed in single year intervals in ascending order.
Age is looked upon as an incurable disease.
Age is mainly about attitude.
Age is meaningless here.
Age is more important than even education in understanding media use among the public.
Age is naught but sorrow.
Age is needed to exclude minors from appeals.
Age is neither an excuse nor a mitigator.
Age is never a reason to disqualify someone from treatment.
Age is nice it brings experience.
Age is no bar to holding of a licence.
Age is no bar.
Age Is No Barrier .
Age is no barrier and the meetings are an ideal way to meet other players in the area.
Age is no barrier or excuse.
Age is no barrier to good health .
Age is no barrier to learning.
Age is no barrier to modelling, demonstrating, discussing, checking questions.
Age is no barrier to participation in the festivities.
Age is no barrier to performing community service.
Age is no barrier, lack of training is.
Age is no barrier, neither is one' s position within the company environment.
Age is no barrier.
Age is no defense to a violation involving the purchase, possession, or use of tobacco.
Age is no excuse for annoying behavior.
Age is no excuse for foolishness.
Age is no excuse for poor pacing, inadequate preparation, and a very uneven program.
Age is no excuse.
Age is no factor, nor is gender.
Age is no factor.
Age is no guarantee of quality, value or usefulness.
Age is no guarantee of wisdom and understanding.
Age is no handicap to contestants.
Age is no limit.
Age is no limitation to the feasibility of practicing law.
Age is no longer a barrier to getting a degree.
Age is no longer a consideration.
Age is no longer a limit on entrepreneurship.
Age is no longer the factor it once was.
Age is no object.
Age is no problem.
Age is no restriction and neither is experience.
Age is no restriction.
Age is no substitute for a watchful parental eye.
Age is nothing but a number.
Age is nothing.
Age is obliterated.
Age is of greater significance than gender in conditioning response patterns.
Age is of little importance.
Age is of no consequence.
Age is of no importance.
Age is of no significance.
Age is often a central component for civil and church records such as marriage licenses.
Age is often a small piece to a much larger puzzle.
Age is often an indicator of which aspect of death most concerns the child.
Age is often the determining factor in deciding which option is best for a particular patient.
Age is one consideration.
Age is one factor here.
Age is one factor in influencing their placement.
Age is one factor which effects the human ear's response to a sound.
Age is one factor.
Age is one likely culprit behind the increase in injuries.
Age is one of many factors juries consider in weighing the penalty.
Age is one of the greatest determinants of an individual parrot's value.
Age is one of the main criteria.
Age is one of the more easily overcome barriers.
Age is one of the most common reasons herbal remedies lose their effectiveness.
Age is one of the most important.
Age is one variable conspicuously omitted.
Age is one.
Age is only a crude index of developmental maturity.
Age is only a number.
Age is only one factor in sexual response.
Age is only one factor, psychological maturity is another.
Age is only relevant when talking about the coming season.
Age is only skin deep.
Age is only so useful as an excuse.
Age is open and gentlemen from anywhere can contact Jenny.
Age is open.
Age is opportunity no less than youth itself.
Age is out and the perception of immortality is in.
Age is out.
Age is partly to blame.
Age is probably the least significant 'group' indicator of how people vote.
Age is protected in employment and credit.
Age is protected in employment, and credit.
Age is real.
Age is really irrelevent.
Age is really just a number.
Age is recognized to be the most important prognostic factor.
Age is recorded as the number of completed months and days.
Age is recorded elsewhere on the death certificate.
Age is reduced at first calving due to elimination of missed cycles.
Age is relative.
Age is right.
Age is sage.
Age is scratched over, no way to make it out.
Age is screwed up in the mermaid kingdom, it seems.
Age is significant.
Age is signified by a beard.
Age is something very relative - it is an illusion and depends very much on the individual.
Age is state of mind.
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter.
Age is subsumed into grade.
Age is such a relative term.
Age is sure a state of mind.
Age is the best possible fire extinguisher for flaming youth.
Age is the biggest risk factor in developing the disease.
Age is the biggest risk factor.
Age is the biggest risk when it comes to prostate cancer.
Age is the chief population composition variable.
Age is the first benchmark to come to anyone's mind.
Age is the greatest factor in determining whether Russia is seen as an enemy or an ally.
Age is the greatest risk factor for breast cancer.
Age is the key here.
Age is the major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Age is the most common cause of ptosis.
Age is the most common criteria imposed, but people generally have others, too.
Age is the most common factor in developing cataracts.
Age is the most common risk factor for prostate cancer.
Age is the most common risk factor in developing hearing loss.
Age is the most important and best-studied risk factor for prostate cancer.
Age is the most important correlate of teen sexual experience.
Age is the most important factor in the risk for breast cancer.
Age is the most important risk factor accounting for breast cancer.
Age is the most important risk factor.
Age is the most important variable.
Age is the most recognised risk factor for breast cancer, and incidence increases with age.
Age is the most significant factor associated with hearing loss.
Age is the most significant risk factor for prostate cancer.
Age is the number one risk factor for breast cancer.
Age is the number one risk factor.
Age is the only criteria for the program, and youth are randomly selected by the State of Iowa.
Age is the only eligibility requirement for living in most of the villages.
Age is the only factor used in determining eligibility.
Age is the predominant determining factor for using assisted hatching.
Age is the primary unknown.
Age is the prime risk factor.
Age is the secret.
Age is the strongest risk factor that is known so far.
Age is to be calculated as of the last birth date.
Age is too dark to be read.
Age is truely just a number.
Age is truly irrelevant when it comes to eating disorder victims.
Age is uncertain, although the face surely has spent slim hours in the sun.
Age is unimportant, as long as the personality is pleasant.
Age is unimportant.
Age is unknown.
Age is unreadable.
Age is unsurprisingly a major factor in premium price.
Age is used because it is a concept that seems to work, at least statistically.
Age is used to determining residency for younger applicants.
Age is usually a primary factor in setting investment objectives.
Age is very difficult to read.
Age is very important because the closer to menopause the lower the rate of recurrence.
Age is when to a man . . .
Age is wrong on marriage certificate.
Age is, after all, a state of mind.
Age is, for better or worse, a social equalizer.
Age isa property.
Age kicks in.
Age labels on toys are a guide only.
Age largely accounts for other differences.
Age limit The age limit for trainees is thirty.
Age limits Nearly everything juveniles do with guns is already against the law.
Age limits on eligibility for a method is but one example of medical barriers.
Age listed with only one digit and occupation is too hard to read.
Age looks with anger upon the temerity of youth, and youth with contempt on the scrupulosity of age.
Age loves the old fashion of catechising the young.
Age makes a difference in how a child needs to be guided and disciplined.
Age makes a difference, of course.
Age makes a difference.
Age makes an older.
Age makes little difference.
Age makes no difference in Oneida County.
Age makes no difference.
Age makes the most difference.
Age matters somewhat less than diet and condition.
Age means nothing.
Age means wisdom and certain privileges.
Age meets youth, and youth meets age.
Age offers wisdom to many.
Age plays a factor in the charging decision.
Age plays a factor in the development of otitis media.
Age plays a major part in determining nicknames.
Age plays a minor role in determining compatibility.
Age plays a part in the development of dry skin.
Age plays a pivotal role in success for women using their own eggs.
Age plays a role in the cause of falls in older adults.
Age plays a role.
Age plays an important factor in a person's chances of developing the disease.
Age plays an important role in one's internal and external locus of control.
Age plays an important role.
Age plays no role in hair transplant surgery.
Age presents no barrier.
Age presents no restrictions.
Age presumably affects income by tending to reflect years of experience.
Age primarily affects the oocyte.
Age proves to be another important variable.
Age prowls like a leopard, diseases strike like an enemy.
Age range preschool through adulthood.
Age range ten to seventeen.
Age ranges for chat rooms vary, from young teenagers to elderly people.
Age ranges for Kits are wide.
Age ranges of clients include pre-school children to geriatric patients.
Age ranges on toy boxes are usually a good guide.
Age ranges, requirements, rehearsal times and locations, etc.
Age ranges, sex, personality, training health etc.
Age reading Worm about nest by many air magazines yet seem about some variation.
Age reading Worm about nest by many club magazine yet seem about some variation.
Age reading Worm about nest by many cycle magazine yet seem about some variation.
Age really has no bearing.
Age really reflects generational differences, and thus shows what to expect in the future.
Age receive of any timothy dalton movie.
Age receive of any tom everett scott.
Age receive of any unlikely angel.
Age refers to the test done to determine the childs age as compared to the normal bone density.
Age Related Also, prostate cancer is age related.
Age related changes include eyesight, neurosensory system, hearing loss, and memory impairment.
Age related changes occur at different rates for different persons.
Age related curfews have no place in contemporary society.
Age replaces youth, unbounded hopes are swapped grudgingly for common sense.
Age reports the respondents age on their last birthday.
Age require till an teen pregnancy rate.
AGE results almost exclusively from rapid, often uncontrolled ascents.
Age runs from Late Middle Period to very Late Prehistoric.
Age seems to be a major factor associated with oral cancer.
Age seems to be independent of accident type.
Age seems to be missing.
Age seems to have something to do with the types of crimes people commit.
Age seems to impose no limit.
Age somehow establishes a perspective that assigns relative importance to things.
Age sould never have anything to do with friendship.
Age starts at four.
Age starts to lose all meaning.
Age suggests maturity.
Age takes a toll.
Age takes precedence if there is some doubt as to rank.
Age takes preference, if there is some doubt as to rank.
Age takes to memory the way youth takes to poetry.
Age there is a socialized attitude that learning is for young people.
Age therefore represents the number of years of regrowth before harvesting the cane.
Age think Bottle with a noise beside that height.
Age threatens to be a factor if the fight stretches on.
Age threatens to come into play.
Age tsuki Rising punch.
Age used for determining premiums is the employee's age in the calendar year.
Age varies by type of disability.
Age varies for veterans.
Age weakens passions and vices.
Age wear to book.
Age wear to crate.
Age wear to the box.
Age wear to the crate.
Age wear to the lid.
Age wear to tin.
Age wears the best black fabric Rust-red or green as lichens.
Age when attaining sexual maturity is variable among bottlenose dolphins.
Age womens linen pants.
Ages affect functions.
Ages affect kidney functions.
AGEs also accumulate in atherosclerotic vasculature, amyloidoses, and renal failure.
Ages appear in the first list.
Ages are a bit off.
Ages are a guideline only.
Ages are affected by environmental factors.
Ages are affected by factors.
AGEs are also present in raw animal products, including meat.
Ages are as diverse as backgrounds.
Ages are as stated on their membership card.
Ages are for the parent and child combined.
Ages are in years unless otherwise specified.
Ages are interesting too.
Ages are irrelevant.
Ages are more varied in prison gangs and hate groups.
Ages are newspapers.
Ages are only a guide.
Ages are part of life.
Ages are properties.
Ages are the full range for children, from a few months to college students.
AGEs are yellowish in color, and contribute to the yellowing of skin and age spots.
Ages become more diverse, as high school and community college students begin taking classes online.
AGEs build up at a faster rate in people with diabetes, and with advancing age.
Ages can be a bit unreliable.
Ages do vary from child to child, and often depend on parents participation.
Ages give an idea of amount of text.
Ages given always include upper and lower limits.
Ages given are as at the date of embarkation in Britain.
Ages given are for that year.
Ages given for each tool are approximations only.
Ages given on different documents vary.
Ages go by - the seasons change, birds are migrating, civilisations come and go etc.
Ages have beginnings and endings.
Ages have effects.
Ages have impact.
Ages have past since a new binary build was avalible for windows.
Ages have positive effects.
Ages junior high and up.
Ages lead to extinction.
Ages lead to various aging diseases.
Ages listed are a recommendation only.
Ages listed are approximate unless otherwise noted.
Ages listed are approximate.
Ages move backwards in the Zodiac.
Ages pass and vast numbers of species come and go.
Ages pass, and still thou pourest, and still there is room to fill.
Ages pass, and still though pourest, and still there is room to fill.
Ages range between late teens to post-retirement.
Ages range from adolescent to elder population.
Ages range from college to senior citizen level.
Ages range from early twenties through early sixties.
Ages range from early twenties to forties.
Ages range from early twenties to late sixties.
Ages range from infant to adult.
Ages range from infants who learn water adaptaion with their parents through adult classes.
Ages range from late twenties to early sixties.
Ages range from middle school through professional musicians and auditors of any age.
Ages range from newborns to retirees.
Ages range from nineteen to twenty-eight years old.
Ages range from one year to sixth grade.
Ages range from permian to lower cretaceous.
Ages range from pre-school to senior high school members.
Ages range from second grade to high school aged students.
Ages range from second grade to seventy plus years.
Ages range from seven years old and up.
Ages range from seven years old to the twenties.
Ages range from seventeen to twenty.
Ages range from sixth-formers to fairly senior citizens, with the majority in their middle years.
Ages range from teens to elderly adults.
Ages range from teens to grandparents.
Ages range from the mid-forties and up.
Ages range from thirties to fifties.
Ages range from three to thirteen and, in some cases, older.
Ages range from toddlers to teenagers.
Ages range from very young children to retired people.
Ages range is from pregnancy through adolescence.
Ages range widely.
Ages refer to the time when basaltic lava flowed from volcanoes to form the seafloor.
Ages vary a bit among different country passes.
Ages vary by weekend.
Ages vary depending on session attending.
Ages vary depending on the workshop.
Ages vary from early twenties to late sixties.
Ages vary from young adult to senior-senior.
Ages vary widely, with many younger women among the group.
Ages vary with the specific program.
An age is a property
Age always brings transition and something new.
Ages Always use figures.
Age often comes as a shock to men.
Age usually brings with it a level of maturity and wisdom.
All age ranges given are approximate.
All age ranges.
All age shows, dress according to scene.
All age welcome.
All ages are active in religious education and the music program.
All ages are affected, bu lupus most commonly strikes women of childbearing years.
All ages are approximate.
All ages are as of the competition date.
All ages are at risk.
All ages are breeds are welcome.
All ages are catered for - The only restriction is if someone has a criminal record.
All ages are comfortable here.
All ages are contemporaneous in the mind.
All ages are eligible for prizes.
All ages are eligible.
All ages are encourage to participate.
All ages are estimates only.
All ages are found in a reproducing population.
All ages are free to mix at all times.
All ages are from whole-rock samples.
All ages are important here.
All ages are invited, so please keep it clean for all.
All ages are out in the sun-filled valleys.
All ages are preferred.
All ages are represented, so are most body types.
All ages are susceptible to infections particularly caused by Trichophyton spp.
All ages are susceptible, and recovery is followed by permanent immunity.
All ages are susceptible, but the disease is more common in young adults.
All ages are there.
ALL ages are VERY approximate.
All ages are very welcome.
All ages are vulnerable.
All ages are welcome .
All ages are welcome and a creche is provided for younger children.
All ages are welcome and a great time is promised.
All ages are welcome and admission is free.
All ages are welcome and can participate in most activities.
All ages are welcome and encouraged to join in campus activities.
All ages are welcome and encouraged to participate.
All ages are welcome and encouraged to sign up.
All ages are welcome and it's free.
All ages are welcome and membership is free.
All ages are welcome and no computer experience is necessary.
All ages are welcome and no experience or appointment is required.
All ages are welcome and no expertise is necessary.
All ages are welcome and no partner is required.
All ages are welcome and no partners are required.
All ages are welcome and no registration is required.
All ages are welcome and no reservations are needed.
All ages are welcome and prizes are awarded to the winners.
All ages are welcome and refreshments are on hand.
All ages are welcome and the more the merrier.
All ages are welcome and the program is free.
All ages are welcome and there is no charge for admission.
All ages are welcome and there is no fee or size limit.
All ages are welcome and they are looking for new members.
All ages are welcome and training is available as needed.
All ages are welcome as are people with special needs.
All ages are welcome as players compete for prizes all over the country.
All ages are welcome at all shows.
All ages are welcome at the matinee performances.
All ages are welcome but parents are urged to stay with their children during the event.
All ages are welcome every week.
All ages are welcome for a guided beachwalk to learn about shells, dunes and more.
All ages are welcome for any show.
All ages are welcome for no cover charge.
All ages are welcome for shorter stays.
All ages are welcome free of charge.
All ages are welcome in most hostels around the world.
All ages are welcome in the gardens.
All ages are welcome on tours.
All ages are welcome to attend and the event is accessible to the disabled.
All ages are welcome to attend.
All ages are welcome to audition.
All ages are welcome to be involved.
All ages are welcome to both visit and join the club.
All ages are welcome to come and enjoy.
All ages are welcome to come and help out.
All ages are welcome to come and skate.
All ages are welcome to come as a short term missionary.
All ages are welcome to enjoy the park.
All ages are welcome to enter.
All ages are welcome to join in.
All ages are welcome to join the fun with reading rewards and great programs for everyone.
All ages are welcome to join.
All ages are welcome to participate in the program.
All ages are welcome to participate.
All ages are welcome to ride.
All ages are welcome to write.
All ages are welcome, and families are encouraged to attend together.
All ages are welcome, and the grape stomping is free.
All ages are welcome, and young musicians are especially encouraged to participate.
All ages are welcome, as are families.
All ages are welcome, as are groups looking for something different to do.
All ages are welcome, as long as the prerequisites of the individual course have been met.
All ages are welcome, beginning with the mid-teens.
All ages are welcome, both male and female.
All ages are welcome, bring a partner or come alone.
All ages are welcome, but it is best if they can read.
All ages are welcome, but it's necessary to be a strong intermediate and in reasonable shape.
All ages are welcome, but it's usually mostly adults.
All ages are welcome, but registration is necessary.
All ages are welcome, call for more information.
All ages are welcome, especially young swimmers.
All ages are welcome, from babies in jogging strollers to senior citizens.
All ages are welcome, including quiet children.
All ages are welcome, leaders say.
All ages are welcome, men and women, as long as there is a willingness to maintain a rigorous mind.
All ages are welcome.
All ages are Welcome.
All Ages Are Welcome.
ALL ages are welcome.
ALL AGES are welcome.
All ages are years unless otherwise indicated.
All ages benefit from guided tours and documentary film.
All ages benefit from the improvements in balance, tone and flexibility.
All ages benefit when they can see the ideas and data.
All ages benefit.
All ages can apply.
All ages can benefit from aerobic dance.
All ages can benefit from the programs the ski areas have to offer.
All ages can benefit.
All ages can book.
All ages can bounce, then jump, flip or twist onto an inflated velcro wall.
All ages can do it.
All ages can enjoy the benefits year round in our unique portable therapy pools.
All ages can get impetigo, but it spreads more easily in preschool or elementary students.
All ages can go in the chat room.
All ages can join in on the fun of the surf or splash around in Bubble Bay.
All ages can participate, and it makes for a great family outing.
All ages can participate.
All ages can play with goats, bunnies, pigs, deer monkeys and sheep.
All ages can play.
All ages can ride.
All ages can safely use and benefit from homeopathy .
All ages can see an immediate improvement in comfort, clarity and comprehension.
All ages can shoot hoops and try to beat their best scores and win prizes.
All ages can study the same text at the same time, promoting family Bible study.
All ages can take part including individuals with various degrees of disabilities.
All ages can take the bus up, down and around.
All ages can test their nerve and agility on a route up the face of our climbing walls.
All ages can use a computer.
All ages can view.
All ages chat.
All ages collect data and trash.
All ages come and enjoy the beginning of a lifetime of learning.
All ages come here and most dress up a bit.
All ages come out on task.
All ages compete at a national and world level in racquetball.
All ages eat together in a large, attractive dining room furnished with Native American artifacts.
All ages Enjoy a family activity that leads to cooperative action and fun.
All ages enjoy boot scootin' under the stars and open skies of West Texas.
All ages enjoy camping among ponderosa, juniper, mountain mahogany and sage.
All ages enjoy exploration through hands on activities relating to a variety of scientific areas.
All ages enjoy fishing.
All ages Enjoy foot-stomping fiddle tunes as well as sweet ballads.
All ages enjoy getting sideways.
All ages enjoy playing on our playground.
All ages enjoy rhythm and movement of event in stories.
All ages enjoy the petting zoo.
All ages enjoy the program and hear the message.
All ages experience the world of science through grade level appropriate kits.
All ages fall prey to headaches, with females being a likely target.
All ages get to check out the computers at the open house.
All ages have a place in tee-ball, softball, coach pitch, slow pitch, men's or women.
All ages have a potential risk to the disease.
All ages have separate classes and activities appropriate for the age of the girls.
All ages have strong jaws with a hooked beak, strong claws, and a long saw-toothed tail.
All ages have strong jaws with a very hooked beak, strong claws, and a long smooth tail.
All ages help in the construction of each home.
All ages Here is a fun experiment to demonstrate how water travels up the stem of plants.
All ages including adults have special classes.
All ages invited to participate, corporate and school challenges, walkers welcome.
All ages learn basic geography, other cultures, critical thinking and current events.
All ages learn competitive swimming, have fun and get in shape.
All ages live an integrated life - architecture and town planning provide for it.
All ages love dinosaurs.
All ages mix wonderfully.
All ages participate in fixing, cleaning and preparation for summer camp.
All ages participate in the first half of our service.
All ages participate in worship with a special emphasis on singing including both old and new songs.
All ages participate together.
All ages play together.
All ages pray together.
All ages receive the Word of God in a personal manner that ministers directly to their needs.
All ages respond well to chiropractic.
All ages respond well.
All ages ride the subway, from old to very young.
All ages share in program activities together.
All ages show.
All Ages Show.
All ages shows in Seattle are few and far between.
All ages sucking It is important to realize that sucking is more than just a way to get sustenance.
All ages take riflery.
All ages use hostels as their gateway to cultural exploration and the appreciation of nature.
All ages use the community centre.
All Ages Using any of the collected materials, create a colorful butterfly.
All ages venue doing lots of punk rock and music for the kids.
All ages venue.
All ages welcome - anyone can keep fit.
All ages welcome .
All Ages Welcome .
All ages welcome and encouraged to come.
All ages welcome and no partner is required.
All ages welcome as long as children are accompanied by an adult.
All ages welcome but no special facilities.
All ages welcome for many events.
All ages welcome Please register.
All ages welcome to audition.
All ages welcome to build a wrestler and interact with others via the guestbook.
All ages welcome to join in the talent show.
All ages welcome to run.
All ages welcome, and what great exposure for future young campers.
All ages welcome, basic tap skills required.
All ages welcome, cash bar.
All ages welcome, especially families.
All ages welcome, especially high school students and elderly.
All ages welcome, no partner is necessary.
All ages welcome, no registration required.
All ages welcome, readers and nonreaders.
All ages welcome, teams play one match per week.
All ages welcome.
All Ages Welcome.
All ages welcomes.
All ages worship together.
All ages worship with nursery available.
All ages write.
Any age can apply.
Any age can benefit greatly.
Any age can climb.
Any age can learn.
Any age can participate, with the appropriate adult help.
Any age can ride.
Any age dances.
Any age is a good age.
Any age is a great age.
Any age is acceptable.
Any age is fine,just seeking good times.
Any age is fine.
Any age is great.
Any age is invited - even young children enjoy the telescope.
Any age is just about the right age.
Any age is the right age.
Any age is welcome, it's a wonderful experience for everyone.
Any age Provides additional guided practice to help students coordinate front and back crawl.
Any age welcome at early shows.
Any age welcome to join.
Any age welcome.
Any ages are welcome.
Any ages welcome.
Every age always has it's 'bad boy' or class of 'black sheep' by whom it is fascinated by.
Every age brings new demands.
Every age calls forth new poets who create new forms, and our age is no exception.
Every age gets the classics it deserves.
Every age gets the household goddess it deserves.
Every age has a spirit, and the spirit of our age is deconstruction.
Every age has a tragedy.
Every age has conditions of life that determine how people work and spend their leisure time.
Every age is an age of transition.
Every age is hip to some degree, though some much less so than others.
Every age is resistant to change because of the innate desire for security.
Every age is special.
Every age is the perfect age, and every dream is realisable.
Every age is the same.
Every age is up there.
Every age is welcome.
Every age makes a step unto the end of all things.
Every age needs a myth.
Every age needs the good guys and the bad guys.
Every age produces something that represents it in a unique way, and yet manages to remain timeless.
Every age seeks answers to the intangible questions of our existence - no less our own.
Every age struggles with self-esteem.
Every age tastes the temptation to forget that the gospel is ever new.
Many ages are still just several limited periods.
Most ages affect functions.
Most ages affect kidney functions.
Most ages are affected by environmental factors.
Most ages are affected by factors.
Most ages have effects.
Most ages have impact.
Most ages have positive effects.
Most ages lead to extinction.
Most ages welcome.
Some age toning, some wear to edges, overall in good condition.
Some age wear and there is a nick out of the wood on one of the corners.
Some age wear to the box.
Some age wear.
Some ages affect bonds.
Some ages affect growth.
Some ages affect hair growth.
Some ages affect reproduction.
Some ages are calculated by rings.
Some ages are more susceptible to boredom than others.
Some ages carry capacity.
Some ages contribute to development.
Some ages depend on body size.
Some ages depend on size.
Some ages have chances.
Some ages have growth.
Some ages have immunity.
Some ages have problems.
Some ages have slow growth.
Some ages occur during eras.
Some ages occur during winter.
Some ages play roles.
Some ages relate health problems.
Some ages relate immunity.
Some ages relate problems.
Aged articles have elements added or removed.
Aged bone displays an increased responsiveness to low-intensity resistance exercise.
Aged care is a strong performer in rural care delivery.
Aged care is another area in which a broader conception of family and policy is required.
Aged care is big business, with handsome profits for some.
Aged care is well catered for .
Aged cheese can range from two weeks to four years, and sometimes even beyond.
Aged cheese is processed further by being shaped, coated in wax or colored.
Aged cheese is the best.
Aged cheeses are no no's and bread in general is excluded.
All aged cheeses are low in lactose.
Aged clay is usually black, but is often a mix of black and red.
Aged coffee has a soft roundness many connoisseurs seek, especially for blends.
Aged coffee is held longer than an old crop, or mature coffee.
Aged colonies tend to have fewer arbuscules.
Aged cover is cracked along edges.
Aged creditors report.
Aged debt reports.
Aged garlic is also useful as a food preservative.
Aged garlic is basically dead garlic, The beneficial part of garlic is allicin.
Aged glaze is very sensitive to solvents.
Aged horses are more prone to respiratory, eye and mouth problems.
Aged lesions are very dark and shiny on the rind.
Aged manure cuts down on the annoyance factor.
Aged manure is recommended as a fertilizer for currants and gooseberries.
Aged manure works well.
Aged meat is often more tender and flavorful.
Aged parents belong , if at all possible, with their children and grandchildren.
Aged parents can loose their pensions and be evicted.
Aged people have a serious problem with short-term memory loss.
Aged people have special needs for effective management of pain, discomfort and distress.
Any aged person can have a drinking problem.
Most aged persons tend to become pesky, which can be avoided.
Aged plants produce pups, and then emit a large spike.
Aged plants start producing pups, and then emit a large spike.
Aged rats are more sensitive to a thermal stimulus delivered to a hind paw than are younger rats.
Aged shells go up in price at the start of each calendar year as they age.
Aged sludges are even less likely to be classified as hazardous wastes.
Aged stacks have the hit points of all their members halved for the duration of combat.
Aged status is an indicator that possible management action is necessary.
Aged tapes are more hygroscopic than newer tapes in their ability to absorb moisture.
Aged trees shade the ornate ironwork that borders the oldest graves.
Aged wine is just superior to young wine.
Ageds are age groups.
Agency actions have effects.
Agency bonds are available in maturities ranging up to thirty years.
Agency bonds have a double appeal for investors.
Agency capture is part of a wider problem that is now recognised as systems abuse.
Agency costs arise because of the separation of principles and agents in large corporations.
Agency costs occur in an effort to assure that managers act in the best interest of the owners.
Agency fee is applicable on space, color, and position only.
Agency fee is paid by prospective employer only and there is no restriction to amount.
Agency fee varies Help troubled youth succeed emotionally, socially, and academically.
Agency fees are usually the largest cost associated with a private adoption.
Agency fees become inconsequential.
Agency fees can vary, but the country fees are generally the same.
Agency fees depend on the time frame and the type of visa desired by the traveler.
Agency fees depend on the timeframe and the type of visa desired by the traveler.
Agency fees vary.
Agency law is addressed.
Agency law is common law or case law based on accumulated judgements from court cases.
Agency laws require all agents in the real estate transaction to disclose who they are representing.
Agency problems are likely to arise in sovereign lending situations.
Agency rules allow reappointment to the same panel or committee for up to three consecutive years.
Agency rules are sometimes in conflict with each other and some rules are in violation of the law.
Agency rules forbid foster parents from forcing a child to attend religious services.
Agency shop is most common in the public sector.
Agency theory is a very academic term.
Agency theory is concerned with resolving two problems that can occur in agency relationships.
Agency theory provides a framework for such an analysis of contractual relationships.
Agency theory views the firm as a nexus of contracts among interested individuals.
Agency workers classify while intellectuals write reports.
Agency X offers free web hosting to all nonprofits.
Agencies accept all major credit cards.
Agencies address specific substantive areas of law.
Agencies address targeting of minorities.
Agencies administering both programs try to work with violators.
Agencies adopt guidelines for customer information security.
Agencies adopt policy.
Agencies adopt values.
Agencies advertise jobs.
Agencies advertise rates for wiring money to Peru, El Salvador and Guatemala.
Agencies already can extract much information about committee members from the system.
Agencies already dispose of personal information when it is no longer needed.
Agencies already possess a conglomeration of policies and technologies.
Agencies also answer general questions about flood proofing and related topics.
Agencies also award franchises for the collection and disposal of municipal refuse.
Agencies also can communicate awards program information through their Internet or intranet sites.
Agencies also create advertisements while independents handle planning and buying exclusively.
Agencies also differ in their reporting.
Agencies also do fiscal, legal, and administrative reviews.
Agencies also gain an outside party's reaction to their efforts.
Agencies also have an attorney to do the termination of parental rights.
Agencies also have considerable discretion in how they conduct reference checks.
Agencies also have internal scheduling considerations.
Agencies also have more pages to sell than they have advertisers for.
Agencies also have overlapping and even conflicting missions.
Agencies also have the authority to mandate additional training for employees.
Agencies also help pregnant women or others who are considering placing their children for adoption.
Agencies also hesitate when envisioning their data flowing over the Internet.
Agencies also lead visioning projects.
Agencies also offer continuing education which is required of most employees.
Agencies also offer management services for multi-language translation projects.
Agencies also provide a buffer between the media and the client.
Agencies also provide comments during reflection sessions.
Agencies also provide counseling, referral, and family support services.
Agencies also provide referral services to the general public on a sliding fee schedule.
Agencies also provide regular planned respite opportunities and connections through mentoring.
Agencies also provide statistics on domestic assaults and bias crime.
Agencies also provide support in the preparation of funding.
Agencies also recruit through career resource centers on college and university campuses.
Agencies also stand to reduce their facility costs by allowing employees to work remotely.
Agencies also tend to be overwhelmed with requests for help, creating long backlogs.
Agencies also tend to follow a similar policy for requests for correction.
Agencies also try to match children and families in their recruitment efforts.
Agencies also use some output measures to assess progress toward project outcomes.
Agencies also use the system as a planning tool.
Agencies appear in the same order as in the Budget Bill.
Agencies appear to be asked for meta-information.
Agencies appreciate professionals who are involved in the industry and committed to translation.
Agencies approach it from what advertisers want.
Agencies are a branch of our government to help put our ideas into practice.
Agencies are a direct link to customers.
Agencies are a high time commitment, and ads aren t always great for specialized positions.
Agencies are a rip.
Agencies are able to order goods online from several different suppliers in one transaction.
Agencies are accountable for deliveringsystems that produce mission-related results.
Agencies are accountable for the decisions they make.
Agencies are actions.
Agencies are administrative units.
Agencies are all partners.
Agencies are also responsibile for determining which payment information is required to be reported.
Agencies are also responsible for determining which payment information is required to be reported.
Agencies are also responsible for the appropriate program procedures for audit purposes.
Agencies are always somebody else's captive.
Agencies are as good as the people that work there.
Agencies are at the center of the media exchange.
Agencies are business.
Agencies are businesses.
Agencies are concerned about protecting and validating the authenticity of the contents of messages.
Agencies are confident that medical requirements are met by their local stocks.
Agencies are currently over-specialized and are unable to craft comprehensive solutions.
Agencies are desperate for experienced insurance people.
Agencies are eager to place children with special needs.
Agencies are free to have higher standards for mediators and set individual guidelines.
Agencies are full of speculation about layoffs.
Agencies are good at working together when there are budgetary increases.
Agencies are happy to offer tours during their regular operating hours.
Agencies are in business to make a profit.
Agencies are in the business of assigning people to work on a project.
Agencies are in the process of evaluating the program.
Agencies are independent companies who work with theatres to sell tickets on their behalf.
Agencies are independent in their internal operations.
Agencies are liable for civil penalties, and individual employees are liable for criminal penalties.
Agencies are limited to one entry per category.
Agencies are more responsive to our deadlines for collecting progress reports for the legislature.
Agencies are most able to identify their major applications.
Agencies are much more aware of the important storage implications.
Agencies are national and local health, social and recreational organizations.
Agencies are never to type just ADD in the action field when entering new employee to system.
Agencies are no longer dependent on hiring from limited lists obtained from a central agency.
Agencies are now able to use the Regulation.
Agencies are now responsible for developing and maintaining their own estimates.
Agencies are now responsible for establishing procedures for documenting volunteer service.
Agencies are often at the mercy of irascible editors, a fickle public, a stronger or breaking story.
Agencies are often generations apart on issues.
Agencies are often informal, but smart dress and socialising are required.
Agencies are often under funded for the work they are charged to do.
Agencies are often unwilling to recognize case management as a legitimate service cost.
Agencies are often willing to let two families share the expense.
Agencies are old hands at outsourcing, especially when it comes to information technology.
Agencies are only interested in funding projects that meet their funding priority areas.
Agencies are open for business today.
Agencies are organisations that provide information on demonstration projects etc.
Agencies are responsible and accountable for their own business recovery plan.
Agencies are responsible for ACES enabling their software applications.
Agencies are responsible for all aspects of capturing their documents.
Agencies are responsible for all development and debugging of scripts.
Agencies are responsible for any prompt payment interest generated for a prior year obligation.
Agencies are responsible for appropriate program procedures for audit purposes.
Agencies are responsible for backing up datasets and libraries wholly owned by that agency.
Agencies are responsible for conforming with statutory delegation levels when making payment.
Agencies are responsible for controlling usage of cellular telephone service.
Agencies are responsible for determining that amount for themselves.
Agencies are responsible for ensuring the security of public money.
Agencies are responsible for ensuring the security of the mirrored tables.
Agencies are responsible for following and applying the regulations.
Agencies are responsible for handling recycling of blinds.
Agencies are responsible for paying agents directly based on the personal agreement with the agent.
Agencies are responsible for payment of room charges to the hotel directly.
Agencies are responsible for performing reconsiderations.
Agencies are responsible for printing additional forms as needed.
Agencies are responsible for providing all artwork, copy, coordination and company data.
Agencies are responsible for resolving the differences in a timely fashion.
Agencies are responsible for shutting off dues.
Agencies are responsible for taking photographs of their individual employees.
Agencies are responsible for telecommunications equipment they own.
Agencies are responsible for testing new releases.
Agencies are responsible for the accuracy and timeliness of the input.
Agencies are responsible for the initial mass distribution.
Agencies are responsible for their executive resources planning and utilization.
Agencies are responsible for their own performance management.
Agencies are responsible to correct their firmware problems.
Agencies are still encouraged to participate, however, in the event funds become available.
Agencies are still responsible for reporting fuel use of non-passenger vehicles and equipment.
Agencies are still short staffed to accomplish the mission.
Agencies are the best equipped to work with prospective adoptive parents.
Agencies are to develop a plan for implementation of the tasks.
Agencies are to develop unit costs for each of their activities.
Agencies are to maintain a record of reissued statutorily canceled warrants.
Agencies are to maintain a register of statutorily canceled warrants.
Agencies are to make necessary accounting adjustments for internal reporting purposes.
Agencies are to maximize effective cash management by paying as close to the due date as workable.
Agencies are unable to set aside financial and human resources required for effective recruitment.
Agencies are under the gun to provide such verification.
Agencies are usually better able to assist individuals who have some significant work experience.
Agencies are vibrant, viable, and have deep roots in the community.
Agencies are welcome to adapt the course based on their expertise, audience, and situation.
Agencies are welcome to include nonsupervisory employees in the seminar.
Agencies are welcome to register as many agency staff as desired.
Agencies arrange interviews and make hiring decisions.
Agencies assign a coordinator to oversee the program implementation, review and expansion phases.
Agencies assign risk management responsibilities to a staff member.
Agencies assist families by offering support in understanding autism.
Agencies become parasitic when they are buffered from the consequences of their actions.
Agencies become parastitic when they are buffered from the consequences of their actions.
Agencies begin effort.
Agencies begin investigations.
Agencies begin the accreditation process with a request for an application.
Agencies begin to share training resources and work in other collaborative relationships.
Agencies believe astronomers have their house in order, and they are well regarded.
Agencies benefit by a shortened implementation cycle.
Agencies benefit from reduced overhead costs and the investment of larger sums of money.
Agencies can act only on advice from the attorney general.
Agencies can advertise jobs.
Agencies can aggregate reports on their advertisers.
Agencies can also buy off established contracts.
Agencies can also come together on the implementation of ideas, such as working together on rallies.
Agencies can also consider using direct appropriations or contract with their local utilities.
Agencies can also give discretionary access to the public.
Agencies can also give workers a greater choice in choosing work assignments.
Agencies can also help on how to start friendship evangelism.
Agencies can also make reference requests by mail or fax.
Agencies can also make reference requests by mail.
Agencies can also modify qualification requirements for certain inservice placement actions.
Agencies can also rely upon internal payroll systems for fund source verification.
Agencies can also set appearance and conduct standards.
Agencies can also train military personnel to complete homestudies for families.
Agencies can be good way to find private accommodation but caution is advised.
Agencies can benefit from experience, knowledge and tools developed in other agencies.
Agencies can build into their Web site intelligent agents that learn a visitor s preferences.
Agencies can build the most elegant and sophisticatedonline solutions imaginable.
Agencies can call and advocate for a family to be considered for case management.
Agencies can charge people applying to adopt a child set fees for certain adoption services.
Agencies can choose to use VPNs as extranets or wide-area intranets.
Agencies can connect students with temporary or permanent positions.
Agencies can contact their local authority and ask to be involved in the consultation process.
Agencies can continue to deploy their current technologies until a new standard is in place.
Agencies can contract singly or jointly for many of the programs listed in the catalog.
Agencies can cope with budget reductions by reducing travel-related expenditures for training.
Agencies can design an incentive program for managers that is separate from the appraisal process.
Agencies can develop internal policy regarding the use of multiple sources of assessment input.
Agencies can discover first-hand the abilities of a potential employee.
Agencies can distinguish between being professional and pro- fessionalism, the curse of agencies.
Agencies can distribute raises as they see fit.
Agencies can earn even more.
Agencies can earn millions of dollars in rebates when they pay their bills early and electronically.
Agencies can easily seize prop-erty and they usually keep what they take.
Agencies can easily seize property and they usually keep what they take.
Agencies can easily work together when they have a good understanding of how related programs work.
Agencies can enter in more then one category.
Agencies can enter volunteer opportunities directly into the database over the web.
Agencies can expect more choice of package-delivery services when the new contract kicks in.
Agencies can fill positions more rapidly with a transfer than with conventional recruitment methods.
Agencies can fire contractors who perform badly.
Agencies can gain a competitive edge and keep up with trends in our changing environment.
Agencies can have economies of scale and benefit from the exposure a portal can provide.
Agencies can hire anyone they choose.
Agencies can identify candidates faster than employers can for themselves.
Agencies can implement laws.
Agencies can list openings free here also.
Agencies can make a section as large or small as needed.
Agencies can make creative leaps across and outside organizational boundaries.
Agencies can monitor an offender's position at the rate of up to once per minute, at no extra cost.
Agencies can move cash around within programs . . .
Agencies can now access the site with no access stipulations.
Agencies can offer pay for performance, and can give merit raises and bonuses.
Agencies can often obtain more competitive rates for their clients because they book rooms in bulk.
Agencies can order materials up to the limits listed in the literature catalog.
Agencies can participate in joint ventures without one threatening to take over the other.
Agencies can pay for the benefit using appropriated funds.
Agencies can post actions and agendas.
Agencies can produce publications that are highly relevant to business.
Agencies can propose to focus on particular groups of welfare recipients.
Agencies can provide class space, recruitment of participants, and attendance incentives.
Agencies can provide food, especially if the visit is lengthy or if extended discussion is planned.
Agencies can provide valuable technical assistance and funding for specific projects.
Agencies can quickly and cost-effectively distribute that data to a wide audience.
Agencies can reduce their liability risk by having a contingency plan and disaster recovery plan.
Agencies can refuse any aid that comes with hampering strings attached.
Agencies can request expanded audits that review federal awards in greater detail.
Agencies can request to be added or removed at any time.
Agencies can send teams of managers to maximize training benefit.
Agencies can set up an auto mated reporting system.
Agencies can still add other requirements which stop short of true reciprocity.
Agencies can still focus programming on specific needs.
Agencies can substitute electronic for manual signatures.
Agencies can t properly account for basic transactions, like purchases.
Agencies can t properly estimate the cost of most major federal credit programs.
Agencies can t report major portions of the cost of government operations.
Agencies can tailor loan repayment programs to meet specific resource needs.
Agencies can take care of a child until the birth parent feel ready to make a decision.
Agencies can take three to four weeks or even longer to respond.
Agencies can then revamp sites to align with user needs.
Agencies can train employees right at their desks.
Agencies can transfer their property to any agency that calls on the advertise date or later.
Agencies can upload when their data is ready.
Agencies can use a great many methods for sharing information.
Agencies can use grant fund to develop new wetland protection programs or refine existing programs.
Agencies can use the tool to determine which of the vendors is the best for their overall agency.
Agencies can view the status of certification online.
Agencies can work with one company or many for travel, purchase and fleet cards.
Agencies carry out, or execute, the budget over the two-year budget period.
Agencies change the student a fee that is the collection industry standard.
Agencies charge a fee.
Agencies charge the hiring company significant fees for their services.
Agencies check the line regularly and make responses promptly.
Agencies choose what is reasonable and practical depending on a variety of factors.
Agencies collaborate in a stream-lined service delivery process.
Agencies collaborate to create a resource booklet for families with children with special needs.
Agencies come and go.
Agencies come in a variety of forms.
Agencies come in and tell students about their roles in the larger community.
Agencies come in many sizes, from one-person to large.
Agencies commend and promote archivists by how radically they sift and how ruthlessly they discard.
Agencies complete monthly reporting forms, recording details about each firearm forfeited.
Agencies compute their paperwork in burden hours.
Agencies concerned with network backup are, at best, implementing only pieces of a solution.
Agencies conduct sophisticated surveys to measure the value and establish the pricing.
Agencies continually interpret the statutes they administer.
Agencies continue to have trouble attracting workers with the necessary technical skills.
Agencies continue to make strides in improving overall safety and managing costs.
Agencies continue to meet to discuss services.
Agencies continue to refine the guidelines to a more local scale.
Agencies continue to struggle with policy, capacity, staffing and caseload issues.
Agencies continue to struggle with their respective workloads.
Agencies continue to suffer numerous information technology failures.
Agencies continuously add, revise and repeal regulations.
Agencies contribute to much of the employer's professional betterment.
Agencies cooperate in a given location when there is a specific problem to be addressed.
Agencies coordinate activities.
Agencies coordinate effort.
Agencies create their own plans, with a wide variation in quality.
Agencies currently reimburse up to one-half of the cost of the premiums, so the expense is minimal.
Agencies deal primarily with radio, TV, and largely with commercials.
Agencies dedicate to awareness.
Agencies define requirements and submit requests for space.
Agencies deliver outputs to contribute to planned outcomes.
Agencies determine the appropriate rental term.
Agencies determine the nature of their involvement on boards.
Agencies determine the price of their own spatial data.
Agencies determine whether they can manage or lower the risks.
Agencies determine which commercial activities to open to outside competition.
Agencies determine which customers are interviewed for the survey.
Agencies develop a diverse corps of senior career leaders.
Agencies develop budget justification.
Agencies develop guidelines.
Agencies develop policies for governing, then invite the public to a hearing.
Agencies develop regulations.
Agencies develop their own strategic plans, with varying degrees of success.
Agencies discover tool set to cure development ills.
Agencies disregard the economic consequences of their actions on small businesses.
Agencies distribute requests for proposals to potential bidders as opportunities arise.
Agencies do recognize the differences between gangs and unsupervised and troublesome youth groups.
Agencies do remain optimistic that a regional demand for quality work is afoot.
Agencies do so in two-thirds of decisions found in favor of employees.
Agencies don t calibrate their software and scanners for newspaper work.
Agencies don t have the time to find appropriate research or to make it accessible.
Agencies eagerly volunteer.
Agencies effectively deny information when they charge outrageous fees for documents.
Agencies employ a variety of tools to make information collection more efficient.
Agencies employ one intern at a time.
Agencies employ representatives.
Agencies employ women.
Agencies encourage employees.
Agencies enforce compliance with laws and rules through A. the threat of the use of force.
Agencies enjoy the extra staff help during the season when many employees take vacation.
Agencies enter agency, program, staff, and youth information.
Agencies estimate cost.
Agencies exceeding the minimum match requirement improve the likelihood of receiving funding.
Agencies exist that can help with family problems faces by soldiers returning home.
Agencies expand salmon harvest.
Agencies expect improved interoperability with new systems.
Agencies expect IT to produce value.
Agencies expect students to come to their internship ready to learn and actively participate.
Agencies experience no loss of identity.
Agencies explain how project outputs and intermediate outcomes lead to project outcomes.
Agencies face a dilemma in taking their core business online.
Agencies face difficulty in allocating aid to Oman as it has yet to hold a census.
Agencies face many types of operating risks.
Agencies face two nearly contradictory mandates.
Agencies feel the fees are too high.
Agencies Find babysitting agencies in the yellow pages.
Agencies find growing number of commercial organizations offering such services.
Agencies find the simplicity and convenience of having their own Web sites much more enticing.
Agencies find the technology difficult and expensive to implement.
Agencies fund the work and there is a small amount coming from people.
Agencies funding current projects.
Agencies gain access to a wider range of nutritious food.
Agencies gain the expertise of talented, enthusiastic, and motivated students.
Agencies gauge public opinion about a project.
Agencies generally consider such proposals on a regular cycle.
Agencies generally report high success rates using alternative dispute resolution.
Agencies get feedback on the effectiveness of their public involvement program.
Agencies get net bills minus state and local taxes.
Agencies give money to clients for transportation costs.
Agencies handle the marketing process from even before the pitch until after the ad has been placed.
Agencies handling adoption of children receive funds from the United Way Campaign.
Agencies have a continuing duty to gather and evaluate environmental information.
Agencies have a duty of care to clients.
Agencies have a great deal of discretion when entering into BPAs.
Agencies have a long way to go in developing fully acceptable strategic plans.
Agencies have a mission or a purpose.
Agencies have a renewed sense of urgency to provide technology that is accessible to everyone.
Agencies have a responsibility to make provision for staff preservation education.
Agencies have a specified time within which to respond.
Agencies have access to payment cancellation screens for inquiry purposes only.
Agencies have age requirements.
Agencies have an incentive to develop software utilization standards for control purposes.
Agencies have an opportunity to market and plan based on tangible evidence of change.
Agencies have authority.
Agencies have broad latitude in developing appraisal waiver procedures.
Agencies have causes.
Agencies have considerable and increasing flexibility concerning the use of resources.
Agencies have deadlines.
Agencies have departments.
Agencies have different information needs and operate under different policy mandates and statutes.
Agencies have different methods of handling the mail and scripts.
Agencies have different requirements when employees are using vacation leave as sick leave.
Agencies have different requirements.
Agencies have different systems with various rating levels.
Agencies have discretion to disclose exempt records.
Agencies have discretion to use the authority, however.
Agencies have diverse requirements.
Agencies have equipment.
Agencies have expertise.
Agencies have flexibility to manage internal processes.
Agencies have goals.
Agencies have greater expertise in regulatory areas.
Agencies have information.
Agencies have interest.
Agencies have interpretive authority for developing rules.
Agencies have legislative mandates or internal rules requiring such documentation.
Agencies have limited money, especially the churches.
Agencies have management.
Agencies have many diverse powers for implementing national policy.
Agencies have many options for storing e-mail, each of which has benefits and disadvantages.
Agencies have more flexibility at spending revenues deposited in general fund accounts.
Agencies have new roles in determining wetlands and drawing boundaries.
Agencies have no discretion as to the amount or timing of the adjustment.
Agencies have no inherent power to make law.
Agencies have no standard guidelines.
Agencies have numerous options for developing a strategy to meet the petroleum reduction levels.
Agencies have offices.
Agencies have overall responsibility.
Agencies have permit authority.
Agencies have probable causes.
Agencies have proper authority.
Agencies have public interest.
Agencies have radio communication equipment.
Agencies have relationships with clients and sales reps at a site.
Agencies have requirements.
Agencies have responsibility.
Agencies have roles.
Agencies have rules.
Agencies have services.
Agencies have significant flexibility in structuring settlement agreements.
Agencies have special expertise.
Agencies have specific guidelines for formulating proposals and bids.
Agencies have templates, databases, and control processes ready for data input.
Agencies have the authority to medically disqualify non-preference eligibles.
Agencies have the flexibility to move money around within programs.
Agencies have the opportunity to contact students directly to fill their hiring needs.
Agencies have the option of making appointments from either list.
Agencies have the option of selecting the type of service best suited to their needs.
Agencies have the option to buy the equipment at lease's end.
Agencies have the option to use a written test if they wish.
Agencies have the recruiting competency, they're the experts.
Agencies have their own goals to meet.
Agencies have their own systems with which they are comfortable.
Agencies have to be held accountable to the public, and that is a two-way street.
Agencies have to carefully watch call volume, which can rise with the popularity of the service.
Agencies have to keep on their toes as well.
Agencies have to meet all contractual obligations with respect to service standards.
Agencies have to see the benefits.
Agencies have two choices in the design of video confencing networks.
Agencies have two choices in the design of video conferencing networks.
Agencies have two to three years experience managing for results.
Agencies have until the end of the year to make their selections from the list below.
Agencies have use.
Agencies have very specific search criteria.
Agencies here initiate, plan, evaluate and implement their own capital plan requests.
Agencies here provide minimal services to refugees from the wars in Zaire and Sudan.
Agencies hire copywriters when they get new business.
Agencies identify requirements for payment systems.
Agencies implement the revised interim plan.
Agencies improve service delivery and are more in-touch with the people they serve.
Agencies include departments.
Agencies include methods.
Agencies increasingly focus resources to streamline the entire tax process.
Agencies Integrate our products and services.
Agencies interoperate primarily with other local organizations.
Agencies investigate each option before offering it to any travelers.
Agencies involved in large-scale service delivery also have offices in regional centres.
Agencies involved in sustainable livelihoods creation also have different levels of power.
Agencies involved with the facility consider it long overdue and much needed.
Agencies is smaller northern towns also arrange hilltribe treks.
Agencies issue contradictory population reports.
Agencies join our network daily.
Agencies know that their successful producers focus on the clients' problems.
Agencies lack adequate tools to manage the electronic records that are created by their systems.
Agencies launch investigations.
Agencies list the qualifications requirements for the position in their vacancy announcements.
Agencies Lists the agencies that Lake County participates in along with other municipalities.
Agencies look for creative and energetic employees who can prove themselves.
Agencies look for different people to present their products all the time.
Agencies lose many talented workers uncertain about the fates of their jobs.
Agencies maintain separate files and separate schedules for each media.
Agencies make arrangements.
Agencies make decisions every day of the week.
Agencies make decisions.
Agencies make decisions.
Agencies make determination.
Agencies make effort.
Agencies make faith effort.
Agencies make good faith effort.
Agencies make no money off of the comp cards.
Agencies make policy through rule-making and resolve specific disputes through adjudication.
Agencies make reasonable effort.
Agencies make recommendations.
Agencies make their choices.
Agencies make their money off repeat customers.
Agencies measure and monitor their own performance.
Agencies monitor reactions to a media plan.
Agencies move, or staff needs more storage space.
Agencies normally rely on audited financial figures and market sources.
Agencies now can buy FWTS services directly from local carriers.
Agencies now charge fees rather than commission on media spend.
Agencies now exercise considerable discretion over access to public information.
Agencies now rely on private companies to do significant portions of their workloads.
Agencies now report that seven programs are ready.
Agencies occasionally promulgate a regulation merely du- plicating the underlying statute.
Agencies offer a variety of positions, skilled, semi skilled, clerical, and production.
Agencies offer direct links to on-line interactive quote pages.
Agencies offer information.
Agencies offer schedules.
Agencies offer services.
Agencies only get one shot at revising plans.
Agencies open throughout the country to take off course investments on all events and all bet types.
Agencies operate a toll free line directly into the reservation center during normal business hours.
Agencies operate differently and vary in their level of services to clients.
Agencies operate facilities.
Agencies operate successfully within biennial allocations.
Agencies operate successfully within initial biennial allocations.
Agencies pay an initial fee to connect to the network as well as monthly subscription fees.
Agencies pay for seat management services much as they do a utility.
Agencies pay for services to each desktop for a year.
Agencies pay some of the cost of operation in the form of handling fees or shared maintenance.
Agencies pay the vendors directly for goods and services obtained.
Agencies pay travel expenses and take care of the nurses housing and utilities.
Agencies pay, generally, on an hourly basis for all acquisition and disposal services performed.
Agencies pick up their food orders from the food bank within days after their orders are placed.
Agencies plan to expand use of wireless data applications.
Agencies play a central role in trafficking women.
Agencies play a key role in making portal negotiations work.
Agencies prepare and submit justifications providing additional detailed information.
Agencies prepare and submit their requests using computerized systems.
Agencies prepare fiscal notes for legislative bills having financial impact.
Agencies prepare operating budgets and set up systems to collect expenditure and performance data.
Agencies prioritize their capital requests.
Agencies process non-automated purchase orders directly to the vendor .
Agencies produce lots of descriptive materials.
Agencies project their annual performance for key and non key measures in operating budgets.
Agencies promulgate, revise, and repeal regulations continuously.
Agencies provide assistance.
Agencies provide data and the state calculations one statewide report.
Agencies provide details.
Agencies provide educators.
Agencies provide expertise.
Agencies provide management.
Agencies provide proposed EIS outline.
Agencies provide specific details.
Agencies provide supervision and check references of their employees.
Agencies provide technical assistance.
Agencies provide training and oversight of their employees and oversee client services.
Agencies provide training and supervision.
Agencies provide training for their own staff and and small businesses.
Agencies provide varying levels of search mechanisms.
Agencies Provides detail budget information for a single state agency.
Agencies providing state or local benefits have the option of using the verification procedures.
Agencies publish guides to information on a particular topic.
Agencies range in the amount of service offered.
Agencies reap additional benefits when data about their purchasing habits are collected.
Agencies reap the rewards of hundreds of hours of community service.
Agencies receive a discount to encourage repeat orders.
Agencies receive a yearly report of recipients.
Agencies receive an infusion of creativity and enthusiasm from college students.
Agencies receive an infusion of creativity and enthusiasm from participating youth.
Agencies receive and screen calls for potential seriousness.
Agencies receive commission on Open Rate Only.
Agencies receive hundreds of submissions a day at their office.
Agencies receive thousands of photos annually from models wanting to be discovered.
Agencies receive training in volunteer recruitment, free booth space and promotional materials.
Agencies receive valuable manpower at no cost to their budget.
Agencies receiving assistance seem to be pleased with the help.
Agencies recognize that many different kinds of people can be loving, effective parents.
Agencies recommend updating the list as a first step.
Agencies recruit candidates and make appointments directly.
Agencies recruit candidates and make VRAs directly.
Agencies refine their output, outcome and impact measures to adequately track the results intended.
Agencies relate roles and activities.
Agencies rely on officials.
Agencies rely on state health officials.
Agencies rely on trade references supplied by the company, which often respond slowly.
Agencies report great enthusiasm for the program.
Agencies report improbable jumps or declines in requests from one survey to the next.
Agencies report the fire danger as very high to extreme.
Agencies represent government.
Agencies represent mountain villages.
Agencies represent primary source for finding governmental positions.
Agencies represent villages.
Agencies request core reductions as program needs decline.
Agencies request funding and indicate what they can accomplish at that level of funding.
Agencies request many different types of tests.
Agencies request the inclusion of projects that address regional issues and concerns.
Agencies require college education.
Agencies require considerable time to evaluate and review research proposals.
Agencies require departments.
Agencies require education.
Agencies require employees.
Agencies respond to families in a timely manner.
Agencies resubmit the plans, which are again thoroughly reviewed.
Agencies retain the remainder of the energy cost savings for themselves.
Agencies retain the right to award traffic to a limited number of carriers.
Agencies review default funding option and complete funding scenarios.
Agencies review revenue information and update as necessary.
Agencies review the draft and their written responses are included in the published reports.
Agencies review, edit, and develop departmental narratives.
Agencies routinely submit assistance award data after the close of each quarter.
Agencies say such prolonged detentions are illegal.
Agencies say the complaints are baseless.
Agencies see insureds as their customers.
Agencies see pay as a critical issue in attracting staff.
Agencies seek information and clarification about policies and practices.
Agencies seek information.
Agencies seek new Web-based applications.
Agencies seek partnerships with insurers that share their vision and values.
Agencies seek projects that involve partnerships among related community groups and agencies.
Agencies seek to establish a volume level of business.
Agencies seek to implement IT in direct response to their business requirements.
Agencies seeking membership do so on a voluntary basis.
Agencies seem to have a hard time figuring out how to manage it.
Agencies select customers from their databases that meet the vendor's target market criteria.
Agencies select from the finalists for a fast-track career in Government.
Agencies select the domain factors that reflect their business priorities.
Agencies send in plans that allocate expenditures over the eight quarters of a biennium.
Agencies send their recommendations after candidates have been interviewed.
Agencies share copiers and other equipment thereby reducing administrative costs.
Agencies share media exposure and give a unified voice about a traffic safety issue.
Agencies specialize in types.
Agencies speed the rental process in three ways.
Agencies still can still go after state grant money.
Agencies still have time to revise their submissions.
Agencies strive aggressively to place special-needs children.
Agencies strive, to the best of their abilities, to make sure promises are kept.
Agencies submit applications, with project specifications and numbers of volunteers needed.
Agencies submit budget requests for funding of specific programs indicating outcomes to be achieved.
Agencies submit six-year capital plans to the department of finance.
Agencies submit strategic plans once every three years.
Agencies submit their two-year budgets and the IT projects are included.
Agencies supply warm bodies that do mundane things just like ordinary employees.
Agencies support common rules.
Agencies support rules.
Agencies survive by gathering evidence that big problems still ail the community.
Agencies Take a tour to our cooperate tourist agencies and take a look at their offers.
Agencies take actions.
Agencies take legal actions.
Agencies talk a good game for customer service, then fail to deliver.
Agencies target teen pregnancy.
Agencies test a voice-activated telephone system.
Agencies then can select from the top three candidates on the list when vacancies arise.
Agencies then report what they actually accomplished compared to the original projections.
Agencies think they have their house in order and they are well regarded.
Agencies to take actions.
Agencies to take appropriate actions.
Agencies traditionally build major automated information systems from functional requirements.
Agencies typically control fees, review times and application processes.
Agencies typically enforce their rules by requiring permits or licenses.
Agencies typically express quite an interest in recruiting interns.
Agencies typically provide popular interest items on the Internet.
Agencies typically rely on ratings of candidates' training and experience.
Agencies typically use the funds to pay for overtime for added traffic enforcement patrols.
Agencies understand that their clients' data are highly confidential.
Agencies undertake a strategic planning process that provides a foundation for budget requests.
Agencies unite to tackle itinerant issue .
Agencies update their records on an irregular basis.
Agencies use a variety of approaches to reward customer service.
Agencies use different methods to bill their transportation cost.
Agencies use either receipt dates or postmarks.
Agencies use external sources of information and assistance.
Agencies use information from a number of federal and state sources to estimate caseloads.
Agencies use media kits in determining where to place advertising for clients.
Agencies use merit staffing procedures to select participants for their CDPs.
Agencies use several terms to describe the payee.
Agencies use the minority hiring extract to verify data against their internal reporting systems.
Agencies use the objectives to form the public involvement program.
Agencies use the personnel extract for verification of data against their internal reporting system.
Agencies use their records for planning and evaluation purposes.
Agencies use various techniques to estimate caseloads.
Agencies use videos to document a planning process.
Agencies vary in quality dramatically, and even from recruiter to recruiter inside each firm.
Agencies vary in size from one person operations to large staffs with multiple offices.
Agencies vary in their definitions of basic education.
Agencies vary in their methods of collecting data.
Agencies verify data is balanced.
Agencies welcome to attend.
Agencies Withdraw the Proposal.
Agencies work on retainer, and are usually paid a month in advance.
Agencies work to eliminate homelessness.
Agencies work together at two levels.
Agencies work together to provide a water source for desert bighorn sheep.
Agencies work with landowners, provide technical assistance.
Agencies working together can improve home safety.
Agencies wouldhave to address property issues, such as computer tracking, accounting andownership.
Agencies wrestle with the drug crisis on three fronts.
Agency addresses the needs of battered women and children as well as survivors of sexual assault.
Agency alleges rapid tests produced inaccurate results .
Agency approaches to privatization of government resources.
Agency are as follows.
Agency assigns box numbers.
Agency begins when one person is given the authority to act for or in place of, another person.
Agency buys is useful to identify the size of overall procurements within the target class.
Agency calls for filling vaccination gaps.
Agency cites sloppiness and possible pressure on mechanics to get airline's jets back in service.
Agency demonstrates ability to respond to all emergency calls for service.
Agency demonstrates capacity to undertake project development in a timely manner.
Agency determines payee is no longer legally entitled to the check's proceeds.
Agency does have openings on a regular basis in IT and office support.
Agency downsizing disproportionately affects older, white males.
Agency employs no support staff.
Agency engages in real estate development and property management.
Agency establishes core time, employee determines remainder of work requirement.
Agency exists in gender construction, but in a vexed and friction-filled relationship.
Agency handles all product and event publicity.
Agency handles only voice- over talent.
Agency helps importers increase compliance levels.
Agency identifies companies' needs, then seeks support for expansion or modernization.
Agency initiatives Alternative sanctions.
Agency intends to evaluate all inventions developed using department funding.
Agency investigates matters of discrimination with regard to protected classes.
Agency is accessible by public transportation.
Agency is to be used in choosing the right.
Agency isa organization.
Agency lies first of all with the surfer.
Agency lies first of all with webmasters.
Agency loses response from potentially good sources.
Agency maintains detailed data base with information on human services.
Agency maintains legal custody of records while in storage.
Agency matches mother's and granny's helpers with families.
Agency offers addresses, photos, gifts, and other help.
Agency offers information about adoption for couples seeking to adopt.
Agency plans for and supervises reaction to chemical, weather, and nuclear emergencies.
Agency prepares pre-final exemption list package.
Agency promotes scholarship, education and research programs.
Agency publishes a monthly informational and analytical bulletin.
Agency records on advisory committees.
Agency refers to the originating source of the news item.
Agency regulates product safety through disclosure.
Agency responds to comment letters received from the public and other agencies.
Agency seeks qual.
Agency sends ratings tumbling two grades on weak profits.
Agency serves as the delivery order administrator.
Agency serves teens and adults, both married and single.
Agency statements with respect to motor vehicle use.
Agency suggests something very important trust.
Agency takes first formal action to assist local industry.
Agency takes road less traveled for word processing .
Agency uses team approach - excellent opportunity.
Agency weighs rules for pets in public housing.
Agency works for effective reform.
Agency works from a Harm-Reduction Model.
Agency works the system, attempting to influence outcomes.
An agency is an unit
Agencies frequently construe the statutes they are charged with enforcing or administering.
Agencies frequently discover that training needs exceed the minimum required hours by law.
Agencies often advertise clinical positions that are available in the community.
Agencies often appreciate volunteers in the office to assist with mailings, data entry, etc.
Agencies often distribute videotapes over a large geographic area and in more than one language.
Agencies often duplicate the testing process, wasting both agency and vendor resources.
Agencies often gear orientation and training practices to meeting rules and regulations.
Agencies often have training and certification courses for keyboard or computer skills, for example.
Agencies often prepare bills they want introduced.
Agencies often set their own procedures for debt collection, either by rule or policy.
Agencies often take the blame for congressionally created policy.
Agencies often try to delineate between technical and policy questions.
Agencies often use abstracts in their annual reports.
Agencies often use an educational approach when conducting a home study.
Agencies sometimes expect a higher level of work than they choose to pay for, they say.
Agencies sometimes fail to provide students with adequate learning opportunities.
Agencies usually charge a fee for successfully identifying a candidate.
Agencies usually find that no one communications tool can totally address a client's problem.
Agencies usually have an established decision-making process.
Agencies usually inspect each home for quality, cleanliness, comfort and hospitality.
Agencies usually schedule more than one employee.
Agencies usually track and report on their funding based on how their budget is distributed.
All agencies advise unsuccessful applicants that they keep their resumes on file.
All agencies agree that each and every citizen needs to stand up and be counted.
All agencies agree that voluminous requests present real problems.
All agencies are automatically eligible for basic delegation.
All agencies are community-based and have Boards comprised of local citizens.
All agencies are creatures of statute .
All agencies are eligible to submit a nomination.
All agencies are equal opportunity employers.
All agencies are nonprofit tax-exempt organizations.
All agencies are stakeholders and each has a role in the solution.
All agencies are supportive of our research efforts and have participated in joint projects.
All agencies are to work toward developing a single portal for government information.
All agencies are very much involved in food safety.
All agencies are within a short drive from campus and represent a wide variety of services.
All agencies boast fine service, but today that card is needed just to get into the game.
All agencies can put only fresh talent on their client's business.
All agencies can work a lot easier together than they can separately.
All agencies coordinate activities such as permitting projects as needed.
All agencies have a fixed price for making copies using copying machines.
All agencies have a freedom of information officer who processes the requests.
All agencies have access to inactivate positions.
All agencies have an obligation to inform the Police of the occurrence of fraud.
All agencies have internal campus telephone numbers.
All agencies have Privacy Act regulations that describe the request process in greater detail.
All agencies have security available to assist with crime, disturbances, or other appropriate needs.
All agencies have the responsibility to assist the individual in coming to that understanding.
All agencies including modeling agencies are listed, that are legitimate.
All agencies meet on a bi-weekly basis to share information concerning problem students.
All agencies now own their liquor inventories and are permitted to set their own retail prices.
All agencies promote early dialogue on requirements and invite feedback on process.
All agencies promoting adoptions are non-profit organisations.
All agencies provide free ticket delivery to campus.
All agencies provide job search assistance.
All agencies receive a monthly transaction report detailing each card holder's charges.
All agencies receive far more good ideas than they can afford to fund.
All agencies receive referral cases simultaneously.
All agencies retain their individual authorities, however.
All agencies share crime and other confidential information on a continual basis.
All agencies use accrual accounting to measure and report costs in their annual reports.
All agencies welcome.
All agencies working towards an all-risk national response system is what is called for.
Any agency can call for such a meeting.
Any agency can communicate with any other agency during emergencies or disasters.
Any agency can enter records and access records entered by others.
Any agency can place ads.
Any agency refusing to implement such correctives is guilty of an offence.
Every agency claims great creative.
Every agency does home studies differently.
Every agency does it.
Every agency has at least one English speaking employee.
Every agency has in place some effort to identify customer needs.
Every agency has internal candidates for each SES position advertised.
Every agency has management and decision making systems.
Every agency has one - it's a straightforward summary of services, strengths and existing clients.
Every agency has one.
Every agency has special offers for the weekend.
Every agency is different, so be sure to call ahead.
Every agency is 'local' to somebody.
Every agency is required to publish an agenda listing the regulations to be issued that year.
Every agency is the sum of each man or woman that chooses to be a part of it, or who works with it.
Every agency is unique, and every seller's circumstances are different.
Every agency is unique, and therein appears to lie the strength of the system.
Every agency is unique.
Every agency needs a selling point.
Every agency needs to have a specific mission.
Every agency now uses the Internet for service delivery.
Every agency specializes in a certain style.
Every agency struggles with issuing a policy and benefits manual.
Every agency uses copy paper.
Every agency wants the best.
Every agency works differently.
Many agencies accept the loglines separately on a second page.
Many agencies add their own restrictions to the promulgated rules.
Many agencies allow the fee to be paid in installments.
Many agencies allow the fees to be paid in installments.
Many agencies already have peer review processes.
Many agencies also accept comments via e-mail.
Many agencies also advertise solicitations via the Internet.
Many agencies also have an in- terest in the same technology.
Many agencies also have exclusive partnerships or contracts with major companies.
Many agencies also make copies of agency forms available on the Internet.
Many agencies also offer reimbursement for successful completion of higher education classes.
Many agencies also offer turnkey production services.
Many agencies also provide tour and vacation packages.
Many agencies also publish their decisions on the internet.
Many agencies also use numbers of complaints to determine when to adulticide established areas.
Many agencies are anxious to work with interns.
Many agencies are concerned with much more than archaeology.
Many agencies are family-owned enterprises.
Many agencies are in the early adopter stage of the paradigm shift of providing electronic services.
Many agencies are overly concerned with obtaining 'the' community view on issues.
Many agencies are very hard working, successful, and can be quite an asset.
Many agencies are well-equipped to establish and facilitate visitation programs.
Many agencies auction throughout the year on a regular basis.
Many agencies borrow from the boundaries drawn for their state.
Many agencies bring in the big guns to win accounts, then give junior people the bulk of the work.
Many agencies bring literature and displays as visual aids.
Many agencies can deliver marketing solutions to meet short-term sales goals.
Many agencies can perform pregnancy testing.
Many agencies change states and names often.
Many agencies charge a service fee.
Many agencies classify producers as independent contractors rather than employees.
Many agencies concentrate on the New Sale Only.
Many agencies confuse clinical supervision with case management.
Many agencies consider proficiency in one or more Asian languages as very important as well.
Many agencies consolidate subscription orders for multiple departments, offices and individuals.
Many agencies contribute additional resources to support additional areas of work.
Many agencies create extraordinarily clever and attractive ads.
Many agencies currently post their proposed rules on their website.
Many agencies deal only with low birth weight infants.
Many agencies deal with both placement and temporary employment.
Many agencies deal with commercial discounts in the same manner in which they deal with gifts.
Many Agencies deal with local governments in their data exchange efforts.
Many agencies deliver both an obligation and a service.
Many agencies depend on volunteer centres to help recruit volunteers.
Many agencies do their own microfilming.
Many agencies do.
Many agencies engage in the recycling of paving materials.
Many agencies evaluate college programs.
Many agencies experience barriers and obstacles to integrating the tenets of community policing.
Many agencies face similar problems with older programs.
Many agencies find it difficult to maintain enough hours in their pools to match employee requests.
Many agencies focus on a particular sector of the economy.
Many agencies focus on both temporary and permanent placement of candidates into jobs.
Many agencies give service awards to employees during Employee Appreciation Week.
Many agencies give student discounts.
Many agencies handle both interactive and traditional media.
Many agencies have a long way to go and the costs are escalating quickly.
Many agencies have a perception that the Internet is a dangerous place to do business.
Many agencies have additional training needs that are beyond their current capacity.
Many agencies have computers that people can take home.
Many agencies have different financial systems, and other kinds of systems.
Many agencies have different types of Institutions which function with different criteria.
Many agencies have evaluation teams that review and respond to suggestions.
Many agencies have extensive web sites that contain their reports.
Many agencies have extra expenses or are themselves a luxury.
Many agencies have families travel into China literally by the busload.
Many agencies have forms solely for the release of substance abuse information.
Many agencies have general regulatory waivers currently in effect.
Many agencies have in-house desktop publishing ability to produce quality brochures.
Many agencies have light duty programs which allow injured employees to return to duty.
Many agencies have long backlogs.
Many agencies have minimum corrected and non-corrected vision requirements for their officers.
Many agencies have no kennel facilities, so fostering can truly save a life.
Many agencies have payment plans.
Many agencies have restrictions on equipment and travel.
Many agencies have similar links, providing information on jobs in their area.
Many agencies have some or all of their documents printed by other sources.
Many agencies have specialized programs for senior citizens.
Many agencies have such a regulatory requirement.
Many agencies have their own policies, procedures and guidelines regarding outside employment.
Many agencies have their own training programs.
Many agencies have voicemail service integrated with their on-site telecommunications equipment.
Many agencies have waiting lists for couples wishing to adopt infants.
Many agencies help children as part of their general programmes.
Many agencies hire junior high and high school ages.
Many agencies initiate a criminal record background check.
Many agencies keep local representatives informed with periodic status reports.
Many agencies keep visitors away from the people part of the business.
Many agencies know their products only from brochures.
Many agencies lack the ability or effort to discern among levels of importance among applications.
Many agencies let the natural parents have a say in choosing.
Many agencies listed below offer private pay health aide services.
Many agencies maintain consultant rosters.
Many agencies make extensive use of volunteer staffs.
Many agencies make the mistake of assuming that older persons are a homogenous group.
Many agencies now compete for the same tax dollars.
Many agencies now make computer terminals available for public use.
Many agencies now offer specialized product with world-renowned experts in many subjects.
Many agencies now offer specialized products with world-renowned experts on many subjects.
Many agencies now publish reports directly to the Internet and no longer issue reports in print.
Many agencies now require a four-year degree in order to gain appointment.
Many agencies offer anger management courses for free or for a small fee.
Many agencies offer free, anonymous testing and counseling.
Many agencies offer island combinations.
Many agencies offer mentoring programs that match youth with an adult mentor.
Many agencies offer physical, occupational or speech therapy.
Many agencies offer police academies or fire academies to residents.
Many agencies offer rewards for tag information.
Many agencies offer services nationwide through local offices or the Internet.
Many agencies offer special sections for young citizens.
Many agencies only have one or two candidates for an internship position for any given semester.
Many agencies only optimize signals on a complaint-based system.
Many agencies operate under a pressure of time, which conspires against good archival practices.
Many agencies operate under a traditional agency management model.
Many agencies perform computer matching and computer profiling.
Many agencies perform computerized searches for documents, so use keywords and phrases.
Many agencies place children with and without special needs.
Many agencies plant larger trees to reduce tree damage.
Many agencies post their information on the Internet.
Many agencies produce their own microforms due to volume or convenience.
Many agencies promote from within.
Many agencies provide budget forms or require budgets to be presented in specific formats.
Many agencies provide hot meals for people who are without means to purchase food.
Many agencies provide laptops for employees to sign out and take home.
Many agencies provide online mortgage rates.
Many agencies provide on-site services at the family resource center in Wolf Creek.
Many agencies provide structured initial training and some ongoing inservice training.
Many agencies provide technical and financial assistance to landowners interested in planting trees.
Many agencies publish lists of grant awards made the previous year.
Many agencies publish management plans . . .
Many agencies publish official reports of their decisions.
Many agencies publish technical research reports, and informational pamphlets.
Many agencies publish their requirements on their own home pages.
Many agencies put disclaimers on their marketing and instructional information.
Many agencies quote a price, then have multiple add on expenses .
Many agencies redesign Web sites in house to minimize costs.
Many agencies regulate empty containers.
Many agencies regulate the use, storage and disposal of solvents.
Many agencies require a non-refundable retainer to accept the case.
Many agencies require little more than an hour every week.
Many agencies require mandatory medicals after a certain age.
Many agencies require that grantees show a commitment to share in the costs of the proposed project.
Many agencies require their employees to pick up their paychecks at a check-cashing place.
Many agencies run day trips, but to truly experience the site, stay overnight.
Many agencies say they handle crisis communications.
Many agencies see themselves as being on their own.
Many agencies see twinning as an economic move upward.
Many agencies sell their patches, pins, hats, T-shirts, and lots of other items.
Many agencies sell throughout the year on a regular basis.
Many agencies simply use customer support and the tutorials.
Many agencies specialize.
Many agencies sponsor whale adoption projects.
Many agencies still contribute to settings of pervasive homophobia.
Many agencies strictly regulate their own use of forfeiture money.
Many agencies struggle to both justify the investment.
Many agencies track the performance of non-profit organizations.
Many agencies use advanced middleware and have the same requirements as any business.
Many agencies use redaction to hide sensitive and private information.
Many agencies use the complaint as a verification of their other surveillance methods.
Many agencies use their own contract, and there's certainly nothing wrong with that.
Many agencies use transcripts to compare applicants.
Many agencies use various frequencies for the mutual aid.
Many agencies voluntarily publish proposed changes for the expressed purpose of soliciting comments.
Many agencies welcome single parents, older parents and parents with disabilities.
Many agencies work together in handling juveniles.
Most agencies usually require more extensive justification for foreign travel requests.
Most agencies accept fishery protection as conditional to awarding water rights.
Most Agencies accept private payments from patients and families.
Most agencies administer work-sample tests, such as typing exams, to applicants.
Most agencies adopt policy.
Most agencies adopt values.
Most agencies allow a grace period for obtaining approval.
Most agencies already complete payment activities electronically with their banks.
Most agencies also have purchase limits, but they are adjusted to the income qualifications level.
Most agencies also levy a processing fee which, relative to the toll, can be very high.
Most agencies also offer free airport pickup.
Most agencies also publish lists of winners and project abstracts.
Most agencies also serve as domestic violence resource centers.
Most agencies are anxious to hire women and minority graduates.
Most agencies are comfortable buying electricity and water from public utilities.
Most agencies are confident in their ability to handle routine interoperability situations.
Most agencies are free for teacher candidates to apply.
Most agencies are generally open during normal business hours.
Most agencies are happy to fashion a personal itinerary.
Most agencies are more than ready to help.
Most agencies are on schedule.
Most agencies are only able to respond to an incident after it happens.
Most agencies are proud and think they can get out of the mess themselves.
Most agencies are small, independent businesses working in a very competitive market place.
Most agencies are small, with only one or two agents.
Most agencies are too worried about the client seeing the warts.
Most agencies are very selective about the type of material they handle.
Most agencies are willing to allow non-affiliated EMTs to attend if they have space available.
Most agencies ask applicants for written information about themselves and their life experiences.
Most agencies ask for a description of the facilities available to the proposed project.
Most agencies begin effort.
Most agencies begin investigations.
Most agencies carry insurance for volunteers.
Most agencies charge a fee of one month's rent.
Most agencies charge by the hour.
Most agencies charge the employer.
Most agencies choose two or three mock assessors who spend about two days reviewing files.
Most agencies come back to see the prospect with a standard boilerplate proposal.
Most agencies conduct written and vision tests.
Most agencies continue reporting normal to below normal occurrence.
Most agencies continue reporting normal to below-normal occurrence.
Most agencies coordinate activities.
Most agencies coordinate effort.
Most agencies currently have little ability to respond to technology crimes.
Most agencies dedicate to awareness.
Most agencies develop guidelines.
Most agencies develop regulations.
Most agencies do it the same way with minor differences.
Most agencies don t have codes yet.
Most agencies employ representatives.
Most agencies employ women.
Most agencies encourage employees.
Most agencies estimate cost.
Most agencies expect people to have at least five or six people in their feedback circles.
Most agencies get out measuring tapes and begin the time consuming task of documenting the scene.
Most agencies give written exams.
Most agencies have a better list of jobs for a certain geographic or industry segment.
Most agencies have a job hotline of the most current openings.
Most agencies have a minimum time commitment of one month or more.
Most agencies have a plethora of contacts, significantly more than most individuals have.
Most agencies have a standard recruitment, application and screening process for dispatchers.
Most agencies have age requirements.
Most agencies have an environment where employees are fearful of making a mistake.
Most agencies have an established Web site dedicated to providing information.
Most agencies have application forms on their web sites.
Most agencies have application forms posted on their web sites.
Most agencies have authority.
Most agencies have budget problems.
Most agencies have cabinets of suspect pictures on file.
Most agencies have causes.
Most agencies have copies.
Most agencies have departments.
Most agencies have descriptions of the types of documents they publish on their web pages.
Most agencies have different requirements.
Most agencies have equipment.
Most agencies have expertise.
Most agencies have fees - some are standard.
Most agencies have fully bilingual clerical help, but specify if it's required.
Most agencies have goals.
Most agencies have health units to supply medical services.
Most agencies have information.
Most agencies have interest.
Most agencies have interpreters and counsellors.
Most agencies have limited budgets.
Most agencies have local or toll-free numbers and some also have hotlines.
Most agencies have management.
Most agencies have many groups of customers, often with conflicting interests.
Most agencies have materials available.
Most agencies have multiple individuals and offices handling different portions of one contract.
Most agencies have offices.
Most agencies have only one main job listing page.
Most agencies have open call day.
Most agencies have overall responsibility.
Most agencies have part-time positions.
Most agencies have permit authority.
Most agencies have probable causes.
Most agencies have proper authority.
Most agencies have public interest.
Most agencies have radio communication equipment.
Most agencies have reciprocal agreements with neighboring districts for pool passes and programs.
Most agencies have requirements.
Most agencies have responsibility.
Most agencies have restrictions on equipment and travel.
Most agencies have roles.
Most agencies have rules.
Most agencies have services.
Most agencies have several programs.
Most agencies have several years of data and local expertise relating to the managed resource.
Most agencies have signs that mark the entrance to or exit from federal land.
Most agencies have some type of available information.
Most agencies have some type of process in place for position classification changes.
Most agencies have special expertise.
Most agencies have the full text of some or all of their publications available on their web sites.
Most agencies have their fees paid by the potential employer.
Most agencies have things that they do that are planned.
Most agencies keep no evidence that insureds have rejected higher limits.
Most agencies know that partnerships are one of community policing's core components.
Most agencies lack adequate staff to monitor grouse populations.
Most agencies launch investigations.
Most agencies listed below can only assist people with low incomes.
Most agencies maintain a recorded hotline of properties for rent.
Most agencies maintain such a log, usually in a spreadsheet, computer database, or handwritten log.
Most agencies make arrangements.
Most agencies make decisions.
Most agencies make determination.
Most agencies make effort.
Most agencies make faith effort.
Most agencies make good faith effort.
Most agencies make reasonable effort.
Most agencies make recommendations.
Most agencies make their money through companies involved in graduate recruitment.
Most agencies now have application forms available electronically.
Most agencies now have committees or work groups in place and a lot of progress is being made.
Most agencies offer a combination of both.
Most agencies offer discount fares for senior citizens and disabled persons.
Most agencies offer health benefits.
Most agencies offer information.
Most agencies offer insurance, which is a good idea to have while driving in Mexico.
Most agencies offer little assistance for secured debts like car loans and mortgages.
Most agencies offer schedules.
Most agencies offer services.
Most agencies offer their own, and they are generally open to the public.
Most agencies offer training programs in the evening and on weekends.
Most agencies operate facilities.
Most agencies operate on the basis of historical data, i.e., ca.
Most agencies own vehicles and have a standard specification for purchase.
Most agencies pay their consultants before they collect funds from the client.
Most agencies pick models for Specialty work from their regular modeling pool.
Most agencies prefer faxed CVs to paper ones.
Most agencies prefer money because of the difficulty and cost of shipping material goods.
Most agencies prefer that proposals be fastened with staples only.
Most agencies prefer to keep their class size small.
Most agencies prioritize home studies based on the available children waiting for families.
Most agencies provide a final checklist to aid in the submission process.
Most agencies provide access to records in their custody.
Most agencies provide assistance.
Most agencies provide booklets that list all the available trout water in their state.
Most agencies provide details.
Most agencies provide educators.
Most agencies provide expertise.
Most agencies provide homemaker and chore services.
Most agencies provide information, program announcements, guidelines, and forms online.
Most agencies provide internships year-round, but some are available only during the academic year.
Most agencies provide management.
Most agencies provide nurses, home-health aides, therapists and medical social workers.
Most agencies provide one continuing education program to the certificant.
Most agencies provide specific details.
Most agencies provide technical assistance.
Most agencies provide temporary and permanent, full and part-time recruitment services.
Most agencies provide training for caregivers and have a criminal screening process in place.
Most agencies provide training to home health aides if they have no previous experience.
Most agencies reimburse for mileage and related costs incurred in the performance of agency duties.
Most agencies rely on form letters.
Most agencies rely on local accreditation coalitions or networks for mock assessors.
Most agencies rely on officials.
Most agencies rely on state health officials.
Most agencies report normal to above-normal occurrence.
Most agencies represent government.
Most agencies represent mountain villages.
Most agencies represent villages.
Most agencies request committee approvals before scientific review of the application.
Most agencies require a nominal registration fee and a recent, nonprofessional photo.
Most agencies require a retainer fee to be paid in advance.
Most agencies require college education.
Most agencies require couples to be married a minimum of one to three years.
Most agencies require departments.
Most agencies require education.
Most agencies require employees.
Most agencies require several interviews during the homestudy process.
Most agencies require the earliest census after the date of birth.
Most agencies seek accreditation from the organization most applicable to their services.
Most agencies seek information.
Most agencies send the reports to the natural parents.
Most agencies specialize in types.
Most agencies start out with the least complicated proceedings and then get more complicated.
Most agencies stop here.
Most agencies strive to offer a professional, effective service to both their clients and nurses.
Most agencies support common rules.
Most agencies support rules.
Most agencies take actions.
Most agencies take legal actions.
Most agencies train their volunteers.
Most agencies try to apply pavement treatments while the pavement is in good or fair condition.
Most agencies understand graphic design.
Most agencies use only a small portion of the capability of their particular system.
Most agencies verify the services advertised are available.
Most agencies view their applicants as a commodity - clients are their customers.
Some agencies accept proposals via email which saves valuable time for proposal writers.
Some agencies administer their own test and they maintain a roster of passing scores.
Some agencies allow adoptive parents to read the home study report.
Some agencies allow employees to select a gift from a special catalog or business establishment.
Some agencies allow for submission of approval forms following the application deadline.
Some agencies allow public hearings on proposed regulations after the close of the comment period.
Some agencies allow two or more individuals to act as co-PIs.
Some agencies already do that.
Some agencies already log in all entries.
Some agencies also allow release time, either as a requested amount or university cost match.
Some agencies also are concerned about security risks.
Some agencies also are overdue for an overhaul.
Some agencies also expect families to provide references and other background information.
Some agencies also have hierarchical listings.
Some agencies also have varied needs, depending on the time of year.
Some agencies also limit the subsidies to lower-income employees.
Some agencies also make sure their Web address is on every document they issue.
Some agencies also offer international adoption services.
Some agencies also offer legal, financial and family counseling free or at little cost.
Some agencies also offer life insurance.
Some agencies also offer paid internships.
Some agencies also offer programs to help batterers .
Some agencies also provide free transportation to the meal site.
Some agencies also provide needed medical supplies and durable medical equipment .
Some agencies also provide representation in divorce cases if abuse is a reason for the divorce.
Some agencies also provide representation in juvenile court custody or paternity actions.
Some agencies also rent vans which hold up to twelve persons.
Some agencies also require auto insurance.
Some agencies also require psychological testing or evaluation.
Some agencies also specialize in placing children born in foreign countries.
Some agencies are extremely picky about font size.
Some agencies are interested.
Some agencies are more directive than others.
Some agencies are more particular about the forms.
Some agencies are more particular about their forms than others.
Some agencies are more thorough than others, so registration can sometimes take a few hours.
Some agencies are remarkably open.
Some agencies are resistant to new ways of doing business.
Some agencies are sloppy about organizing proposals, others are better at it.
Some agencies are temp AND employment agencies, some are just one or the other.
Some agencies are unable to complete the form as requested for various reasons.
Some agencies are well ahead, but many are lagging.
Some agencies ask people to sign up to receive updates about new features of Web sites.
Some agencies assign specific point values to each factor.
Some agencies automatically send copies of the reviewer's comments.
Some agencies become states.
Some agencies believe that the proposed provisions are more restrictive than the present ones.
Some agencies believe their rosters are secret.
Some agencies bring on all the new board members at once.
Some agencies can accept applications by e-mail.
Some agencies can do nicely with only a small percentage of their pages tagged.
Some agencies can equip pedals of vehicles with hand controls if advance arrangements are made.
Some agencies can levy heavy fines on districts that neglect proper notification.
Some agencies can loan money to new models with a great modeling potential, but it is so rare.
Some agencies can provide both center and shelter assistance.
Some agencies can use full size.
Some agencies carry insurance to cover their volunteers.
Some agencies carry more detailed information as to whom to message.
Some agencies charge a lower rate for handling special needs adoptions.
Some agencies charge a separate fee for drawing up a contract.
Some agencies charge big bucks for it.
Some agencies charge extra for bikerack use, others provide it as a free service.
Some agencies charge fees on a sliding scale based on a recipient's income.
Some agencies charge lower, or no fees for special needs children.
Some agencies charge more and some agencies charge less.
Some agencies charge on a sliding scale.
Some agencies charge outrages prices for the service - shop around.
Some agencies claim to have met most of the goals they set for themselves.
Some agencies collect names and phone numbers of students and follow up.
Some agencies complete the application internally and only request information from the parents.
Some agencies conduct only open adoptions.
Some agencies confirm death.
Some agencies contact local realtors.
Some agencies continue to have problems with retention and recruitment.
Some agencies continue to report problems with retention and recruitment.
Some agencies continue to use a basic alphabet split to determine the distribution of mail.
Some agencies count every vessel movement including in harbor movements.
Some agencies create opportunity.
Some agencies deal with older children, toddlers, and sibling groups.
Some agencies deal with several different countries.
Some agencies dedicate to tourism.
Some agencies determine applications.
Some agencies determine complete applications.
Some agencies determine conservation.
Some agencies direct e-mail queries to specific offices.
Some agencies do a great job.
Some agencies do great creative.
Some agencies do have a specific focus, such as deaf ministry, medical missions, or media outreach.
Some agencies do post courtesy copies of work out of class assignments.
Some agencies do provide a stipend.
Some agencies do request physicals.
Some agencies do require cost sharing on certain grant programs.
Some agencies do seem to slack off, but others keep pushing ahead.
Some agencies do so to reward workers for their contributions and accomplishments.
Some agencies do, however, reprint all system notices from time to time.
Some agencies earmark small amounts of funding specifically for reconnaissance and planning trips.
Some agencies employ police.
Some agencies establish ages.
Some agencies establish exposure levels.
Some agencies establish levels.
Some agencies establish minimum ages.
Some agencies establish speed zones.
Some agencies establish zones.
Some agencies even ask workers to sign waivers in case they have an injury on the job.
Some agencies even have offices inside the plants themselves.
Some agencies even measure their success by the number of trainers they have trained.
Some agencies even prefer to place children in homes with nonsmoking parents.
Some agencies even provide benefits.
Some agencies even provide emergency road service, complete with toll-free number.
Some agencies exceed the average.
Some agencies express concern.
Some agencies exude a happy, exuberant atmosphere.
Some agencies face a greater degree of urgency than others.
Some agencies fill a wide variety of positions while others specialize in certain types of jobs.
Some agencies film their own records but outsource the processing and duplication.
Some agencies find men.
Some agencies find procedures.
Some agencies flood their market with an individual's resume immedi- ately.
Some agencies give differential pay to officers with higher levels of education and degrees.
Some agencies go for a certain look.
Some agencies go so far as to chemically treat their pet areas with disinfectants.
Some agencies have a list of financial lenders who make adoption loans at lower than usual rates.
Some agencies have a single union with national recognition.
Some agencies have a solution.
Some agencies have absolute deadlines, especially state scholarship agencies.
Some agencies have additional hours in the evenings and on weekends.
Some agencies have agricultural experience.
Some agencies have an unadvertised escort program for international adoptions.
Some agencies have animals.
Some agencies have authority to create lists from exams they have announced.
Some agencies have authority to hire above the minimum salary shown on the pay schedule.
Some agencies have contracts with a county and provide services on a sliding scale.
Some agencies have doubts about it.
Some agencies have extremely good data and good reporting systems.
Some agencies have full level support and others have none.
Some agencies have handouts giving guidelines for taking the tests.
Some agencies have matching or significantly higher cost sharing requirements.
Some agencies have more interesting and useful pages, however.
Some agencies have more strict rules.
Some agencies have multiple health care spending programs.
Some agencies have multi-step classifications for dispatcher.
Some agencies have no meta-data.
Some agencies have no warehouse for storage.
Some agencies have other home buying programs.
Some agencies have provision for leave without pay, and they guarantee a position upon graduation.
Some agencies have ranges.
Some agencies have rules and other information on-line.
Some agencies have rules governing the form of a request for hearing.
Some agencies have rules prohibiting their attorneys from maintaining a private practice.
Some agencies have several district offices located in Texas.
Some agencies have special forms, and in other cases the transfer m ay be handled by a memorandum.
Some agencies have 'special relationships' which can affect their advice.
Some agencies have specific appropriations within their general budget request.
Some agencies have strict rules.
Some agencies have stricter rules.
Some agencies have the people using attendant services sign their attendants' time sheets.
Some agencies have their regulations online.
Some agencies have to travel more than two hours one-way to get to our Tallahassee warehouse.
Some agencies have toll-free hotlines for complaints.
Some agencies have tools.
Some agencies have very high standards in educational background, intelligence and physical ability.
Some agencies have very narrow pricing models and other agencies have more ambitious models.
Some agencies help carriers.
Some agencies help decisions.
Some agencies hide costs by charging for consultations and meetings.
Some agencies hire biologists.
Some agencies hire conservation biologists.
Some agencies hire consultants.
Some agencies hire meteorologists.
Some agencies hiring social workers accept majors in psychology.
Some agencies hold open interviews on certain days of the week.
Some agencies hold or sponsor public meetings or workshops for property owners.
Some agencies identify numbers.
Some agencies indicate text to be added by entirely capitalizing it.
Some agencies inform patients.
Some agencies insist that CAPs be finalized at the field level.
Some agencies involve in management.
Some agencies issue documents.
Some agencies issue identification documents.
Some agencies just have so many models that the personal guidance aspect is lost.
Some agencies lack functional plans altogether, and rely solely on regulations.
Some agencies limit access to staff work areas using keys or coded locks.
Some agencies limit birth parents' services to facilitating the adoption of their children.
Some agencies list foreclosures in local newspapers or publications.
Some agencies look at their projections on a quarterly basis.
Some agencies mail vast quantities, while others mail only a few hundred pieces every year.
Some agencies maintain mailing lists to notify people about upcoming sales.
Some agencies make CD-ROMs available to depository libraries that are compilations of publications.
Some agencies make small loans to staff to pay for tuition and related costs.
Some agencies make themselves very easy to deal with, while some are very difficult.
Some agencies now assist grantees in nationwide dissemination of findings.
Some agencies now charge a day's rental for no-shows.
Some agencies now have web sites.
Some agencies now require prospective tenants to be bonded in addition to providing a large deposit.
Some agencies offer a work schedule where officers work ten-hour shifts, four days per week.
Some agencies offer assistance.
Some agencies offer cost.
Some agencies offer financial assistance.
Some agencies offer flexible hours but it is rare.
Some agencies offer health insurance, retirement plans and completion bonuses.
Some agencies offer hot meals while others provide frozen meals.
Some agencies offer jobs.
Some agencies offer lower rates for new arrivals.
Some agencies offer preparation instruction in Spanish.
Some agencies offer self-contained services in more than one location.
Some agencies offer stipends for field work placements.
Some agencies offer training.
Some agencies offer tuition reimbursement programs.
Some agencies only deal with certain educational institutions and types of students in Australia.
Some agencies only represent actors in one or two fields.
Some agencies only work at it part time.
Some agencies operate offices or facilities that are in a remote location.
Some Agencies own all or some of their properties.
Some agencies participate in censuses.
Some agencies participate in job fairs held at colleges or universities.
Some agencies pass around job lists that are only attainable through friends in the business.
Some agencies pay their officers to train and compete.
Some agencies pay weekly as opposed to every two weeks or monthly.
Some agencies place the baby in foster care, then try later to reunite the baby and mother.
Some agencies post their own jobs.
Some agencies prefer reconstruction to relief.
Some agencies prefer to have applicants use an agency-designed application form.
Some agencies pride themselves on turning facts into feelings.
Some agencies prohibit any quotations whatsoever from such documents.
Some agencies provide a pro forma application form.
Some agencies provide almost all of the authentication steps as part of their services.
Some Agencies provide before and after school care.
Some agencies provide cars on an unlimited-mileage basis.
Some agencies provide caseworkers with guidelines for screening particular types of reports.
Some agencies provide computer terminals for public use.
Some agencies provide food.
Some agencies provide funds on an hourly basis.
Some agencies provide health insurance for their longer-term temps.
Some agencies provide homeless prevention assistance.
Some agencies provide input to their RMOs on their own initiative.
Some agencies provide large quantity of information while others input only what is available.
Some agencies provide mulch at no cost to the public.
Some agencies provide protection.
Some agencies provide regularly scheduled group supervision to students.
Some agencies provide regulations.
Some agencies provide respite care, which enables the primary caretaker to take time off.
Some agencies provide services according to a person's ability to pay.
Some agencies provide short-term respite care.
Some agencies provide technology.
Some agencies provide testing services or maintain lists of services.
Some agencies provide their own forms.
Some agencies provide therapy.
Some agencies provide tokens to their clients.
Some agencies publish a specific date for announcement of awards.
Some agencies publish all their decisions, others are selective.
Some agencies question turning to outside organizations to assist with the certification process.
Some agencies receive fees from employers and some from job seekers.
Some agencies receive significantly different marks for different functions.
Some agencies recognize problems.
Some agencies recognize serious problems.
Some agencies recommend five minutes or even longer, especially at higher altitudes.
Some agencies reimburse the cadets for successful completion of the program.
Some agencies report problems with making progress and ability to deliver.
Some agencies request assistance.
Some agencies request progress reports before payments are made.
Some agencies require a character and criminal record check prior to accepting an intern.
Some agencies require a separate agreement.
Some agencies require additional information and paperwork to be done for renewals.
Some agencies require approval.
Some agencies require cost-sharing.
Some agencies require degrees.
Some agencies require manufacturers.
Some agencies require no cost sharing.
Some agencies require or prefer at least two years of college.
Some agencies require patients.
Some agencies require site visits in order to assess the progress of the project.
Some agencies require special approval before use of funds for international travel.
Some agencies require States to obtain agency approval of certain expenditures.
Some agencies require students to provide proof of liability and malpractice insurance.
Some agencies require that their clients sign a representation agreement.
Some agencies require the refresher course twice a year for their security persons.
Some agencies require the submission of the technical report along with the final fiscal report.
Some agencies require their approval of financing documents.
Some agencies resist trading services for time dollars because they see it as competition.
Some agencies respond to municipalities.
Some agencies restrict the amount of summer salary.
Some agencies reward internal managers based on profitability and the number of placements made.
Some agencies routinely use pilot testing for almost every major systems implementation.
Some agencies run smoothly.
Some agencies run summer vacation schemes.
Some agencies send a monthly statement with a detailed status report.
Some agencies serve the actual data free of charge.
Some agencies sign subsidiary contracts on behalf of their clients to expedite processing.
Some agencies specialize in a particular field such as clerical workers or sales people.
Some agencies specialize in certain destinations or types of trips.
Some agencies specialize in designs.
Some agencies specialize in finding families for children of color.
Some agencies specialize in foreign adoptions in which families adopt homeless children from abroad.
Some agencies specialize in marketing athlete's websites.
Some agencies specialize in recruit women.
Some agencies specialize in supplying strike breakers.
Some agencies specialize in surveillance.
Some agencies specialize in women.
Some agencies specifically seek potential employees who are registered.
Some agencies spray the salt as it is loaded into the truck.
Some agencies still use it today as their primary enforcement strategy.
Some agencies suggest silicone.
Some agencies support activities.
Some agencies support research activities.
Some agencies take complaints in writing only.
Some agencies try to sell modeling courses and don t get a lot of work.
Some agencies use aspects.
Some agencies use backyards.
Some agencies use comparison.
Some agencies use court reporters.
Some agencies use energy star products.
Some agencies use fire.
Some agencies use forms for their own records.
Some agencies use IVR for surprisingly sophisticated transactions.
Some agencies use multiple contracts to avoid monetary thresholds.
Some agencies use only a handful of status codes, while larger shops use dozens.
Some agencies use other agencies or intermediaries to process the placement of children.
Some agencies use permit-imprint mail for special mailings.
Some agencies use products.
Some agencies use remote management techniques.
Some agencies use telephones.
Some agencies use the client's second sales tax to track media taxes separately.
Some agencies use timers and others use electric eyes to operate their light traps.
Some agencies use trees.
Some agencies vary in the length of time it takes to respond.
Some agencies voluntarily offer the intern modest salaries to offset expenses.
Some agencies work directly with a country source with no intermediary agency or facilitator.
Some agencies work in multiple lines.
Some agencies work with organizations.
Some agencies write manuals explaining their rules that are easier to understand than their rules.
Some agencies write multiple reports for different sections of an establishment.
Agenda setting means a process where a social issue becomes a policy issue.
Agenda chooses issue themes and suggestions and ideas for future issues are welcomed.
Agendas allow integration of any PC tool.
Agendas allow meetings to have a logical flow.
Agendas are lists.
Agendas are located in conferences.
Agendas are located in meetings.
Agendas are online, as are e-mail links to the city council and others in the city's government.
Agendas are plans.
Agendas cover current issues and are designed to meet the needs of the membership.
Agendas describe what people hope to achieve or get from a given situation.
Agendas die hard even in defeat, however, and reconstruction was a bitter time.
Agendas differ depending upon the needs of the group.
Agendas differ substantially depending on party affiliation.
Agendas indicate the location of each meeting.
Agendas provide such direction.
An agenda is a program
All agendas are in draft copy and are subject to change.
All agendas are in draft form.
All agendas are subject to change until the scheduled meeting begins.
All agendas have a citizen's comment period for non-agenda issues.
Every agenda is set and all planning is done by the group members themselves.
Many agendas are worthy of consideration.
Some agendas are more effective than others.
Agenesis means failure of a part to develop or grow.
An agenesis is a biological process
Agent orange is a reddish brown to tan colored liquid, soluble in diesel fuel and organic solvents.
Agent technology figures prominently in a number of projects.
Agent technology has some good properties that make it useful in our domain.
Agent technology includes many possibilities to improve the usability of network services.
Agent technology is applied to provide intelligent control and management.
Agent technology is significant because of the sustained commercial interest surrounding it.
Agent technology is useful for the development of distributed systems.
Agent technology seem to be highly suitable for the desired tasks.
Agent technology solves, or promises to solve, several problems on different fronts.
Agent turnover can be a problem.
Agent accepts advance and basic offer on behalf of the author.
Agent adjusts the high article numbers accordingly and retrieves all new articles.
Agent affects the fetus.
Agent also has an email client built in.
Agent asks if Defendant has drugs in the vehicle.
Agent assumes no responsibility for correctness thereof.
Agent assumes no responsibility for correctness.
Agent assumes no responsibility for the correctness or accuracy.
Agent can also download all the bills and CDRs of their customers.
Agent Can disguise as one of the other team or vanish in a puff of hallucinogenic gas.
Agent can make almost all dec's princ.
Agent can monitor complex projects consisting of several executables and DLLs.
Agent can monitor complex projects containing several executables and DLLs.
Agent can now put sign up immediately after listing.
Agent can now retry refused connections that can occur when the news server is very busy.
Agent causes pulmonary edema after inhalation and after skin contact.
Agent claims sales to a vanity press.
Agent creates a calendar of events and reminders for the transactions.
Agent gets boilerplate from publisher and improves contract terms.
Agent has aerials and soil reports.
Agent has equity.
Agent has income and expense reports.
Agent has interest in property.
Agent has to advise the length of time required.
Agent has to provide sea trial permit number.
Agent have rational expectations so that .
Agent holds proposers conference, if scheduled, at the announced time and location.
Agent is a big help in reducing the time it takes to respond and resolve our calls.
Agent is a concept covering software artifacts and human beings, individuals and societies.
Agent is a principal.
Agent is a software service that runs in the background of the host.
Agent is a very smart and willing horse.
Agent is a virtual identity.
Agent is available from a secure Web site by credit card.
Agent is classified as a Filovirus.
Agent is designed to make offline newsreading as convenient as possible.
Agent is difficult to reach.
Agent is empowered to act in all markets and geographical locations.
Agent is liable for undisclosed radon test results .
Agent is now less strict when searching for the articles composing a binary attachment.
Agent is on the platform to inspect the train.
Agent is principal in property.
Agent is prompted by system for prerequisites or revocations.
Agent is related to seller.
Agent is responsible for full booking of reservation outlined by the travelers profile.
Agent is responsible for full booking of reservations outlined by the traveler.
Agent is sanctioned.
Agent is the commercial version.
Agent is the number one news and mail reader software on the internet.
Agent is the number one news and mail reader software on the Internet.
Agent is the person or group engaging in the action.
Agent is worth the registration.
Agent isa entity.
Agent makes award and prepares contract and sends to awarded proposer for signature.
Agent markets the home .
Agent markets the home.
Agent means any licensed resident or nonresident agent.
Agent needs to accompany all showings.
Agent now adds a leading zero when posting multi-part attachments.
Agent now detects when the news server renumbered the articles in a group.
Agent now keeps track of ranges of retrieved messages instead of only the highest message retrieved.
Agent now purges all but the most recent article in an ignored thread.
Agent now remembers an article's original newsgroup.
Agent now starts a new thread when a follow-up article has a different subject than the original.
Agent now supports applets on the client end with real-time screen refresh.
Agent now tries the new sytnax if the news server rejects a command using the old one.
Agent offers advanced filtering options and integrated e-mail support.
Agent offers flexible file retrieval.
Agent offers FREE market analysis, and lots of other FREE services.
Agent opens proposals at the designated date and time.
Agent oriented software technology is a rather new field of software engineering.
Agent pays as per invoice.
Agent provides an e-learning environment and allows agents to train on their own desktops.
Agent pursues their own interests.
Agent receives a commission from the travel insurance company.
Agent receives printout for review and approval.
Agent recommends an editorial service.
Agent remembers the number of the last message it has retrieved from the news server.
Agent represents the agents involved in the buying and selling process.
Agent responds to queries only if client allows uploads.
Agent roughs up three-month pregnant wife, who has miscarriage.
Agent sends author contract.
Agent sends, rules, notice and list of arbit.
Agent uses little animated characters to interact with children who use the software.
Agents access only.
Agents access the application, which is password-protected, with a browser.
Agents access the carriers that they represent and obtain comparative quotes.
Agents access the software by logging in from Web browsers.
Agents accumulate human capital by spending time in home study and in publicly provided schools.
Agents acquire resources by interacting with other agents through trading relationships and combat.
Agents act and coordinate with other agents depending on their roles.
Agents act as an established reference whose job it is to gain consideration for their clients.
Agents act as watchdogs for clients and perform a user-specified task when a specific event occurs.
Agents act in the market by submitting bids to auctions.
Agents act like triggers, time or eventbased.
Agents actually love to hear their own conversations, for their own professional development.
Agents add commission to room rates.
Agents admit they work harder for loyal buyers.
Agents advise customers whether a flight is available or sold out.
Agents advise sellers to keep their dirty dishes there.
Agents alkylate or degrade the prosthetic heme group.
Agents allow to model a net as a set of autonomous, cooperating entities.
Agents also act as an intermediary in price negotiations between buyers and sellers.
Agents also add keywords to the model that have been extracted from web pages visited by the user.
Agents also answer many food-safety questions over the phone.
Agents also answer questions about lost securities and certificates.
Agents also are the contact persons for assistance with wildlife damage.
Agents also assist callers in finding agencies where they can volunteer or donate goods.
Agents also benefit from handling a variety of calls.
Agents also can download software, dispatch electronic mail and grab sound bites and images.
Agents also can use co-browsing to help guide customers having a hard time navigating the site.
Agents also can use Ensemble to schedule outbound calls or e-mail messages in advance.
Agents also can use keyword search strategies to home in on information.
Agents also care about conforming, since acting the same as others provides sycophantic pleasure.
Agents also communicate with their supervisor and their supervisor s surrogate.
Agents also have easy access to detailed profiles for each customer contact.
Agents also have long-standing records in the community that can be probed.
Agents also have the ability to submit auto, property and general liability loss notices online.
Agents also have to pay the rent.
Agents also interact with other agents on the Internet.
Agents also know how to sell.
Agents also market the products across Canada and abroad.
Agents also pay a maintenance charge for interfacing with carriers.
Agents also play a major role in the war on drugs.
Agents also practice answering actual calls.
Agents also provide continuing follow-up services.
Agents also provide flight bookings, travel insurance and other requirements.
Agents also receive a personal web page which is also instantly updated.
Agents also receive six months of post-academy training at the sector to which they are assigned.
Agents also report vibrant commercial real estate markets.
Agents also take action when they observe other violations of North Carolina law.
Agents also try to screen out dealers trying to eliminate rivals or people bent on revenge.
Agents also work in many isolated communities throughout the United States.
Agents also work the market.
Agents analyze the individuals assets and liabilities to determine how to pay the tax bill.
Agents anticipate the change in the price level.
Agents apppear with passive voices of verbs.
Agents appreciate the time and effort they save by having the automated system process each risk.
Agents are a critical part of customizable Web sites.
Agents are a paradigm for constructing distributed, open, dynamic software systems.
Agents are a potential source of referrals.
Agents are a useful abstraction for programmers designing distributed applications.
Agents are a very unpleasant part of the business.
Agents are able to create new agents dynamically.
Agents are able to opportunistically reuse information provided by other agents.
Agents are able to query other agents, using an open query mechanism.
Agents are able to use services provided by other agents and to provide services as well.
Agents are actors that play out assigned scripts in the virtual scenario.
Agents are alike in all respects except one.
Agents are already the protectors and managers of their customers' assets.
Agents are also randomly monitored and the results used by supervisors to help train the staff.
Agents are also useful in opening up new avenues for the writer's second book.
Agents are also welcome in the same capacity.
Agents are always a hot topic on The Rumor Mill .
Agents are always after the best deal.
Agents are always on the look out for new talent.
Agents are always under user-control and report the outcome of the assigned tasks back to the user.
Agents are an attractive way to describe network-wide computations.
Agents are another design for supporting disconnected operations.
Agents are anything which is executed in windows.
Agents are autonomous entities that modify the contents of memories.
Agents are autonomous or semi-autonomous processes that perform a well defined mission.
Agents are autonomous programs which can act own their own and do some tasks independently.
Agents are autonomous software entities that specialize in certain tasks.
Agents are available after hours weekend, and holidays upon request.
Agents are available all the time.
Agents are available during regular and extended service hours .
Agents are available evenings and weekends.
Agents are available for all major platforms.
Agents are available throughout the U.S. and in most areas of Canada.
Agents are available to answer taxpayers' questions.
Agents are available worldwide.
Agents are boundedly rational in their decision making.
Agents are brokers.
Agents are buffers between the parties, softening the impact of potential conflicts.
Agents are businesspersons.
Agents are busy people with many fancy packages and kits to choose from.
Agents are certified scuba divers.
Agents are close to impossible to get.
Agents are complex, with many components comprising a single agent.
Agents are compulsory for all vessels.
Agents are computational systems that inhabit dynamic, unpredictable environments.
Agents are computational systems that inhabit unpredictable physical and simulated environments.
Agents are computer systems to which one can delegate a task.
Agents are dismissive.
Agents are distinct and independent entities that communicate through a shared memory.
Agents are either general agents or special agents .
Agents are either joint or several.
Agents are either wholesale distributors or retail store owners.
Agents are elated.
Agents are entities that more or less autonomously try to achieve their own goals.
Agents are especially helpful when it comes time to make an offer and negotiate with the seller.
Agents are expert programs that have three characteristics.
Agents are familiar figures in myth and fairy tale.
Agents are familiar with the mortgage process.
Agents are fictional characters.
Agents are goal driven functionality that come alive when the proper conditions occur.
Agents are goal-driven functionality that come alive when the proper conditions occur.
Agents are good at negotiating book contracts.
Agents are good.
Agents are guided through the process, so accuracy is ensured.
Agents are here.
Agents are heterogeneous and are distinguished from each other by financial status and preferences.
Agents are heterogeneous in the employment offer they get and in their endowment with assets.
Agents are in and out of a lot of homes.
Agents are in from Hollywood.
Agents are in the business of offering added value.
Agents are in the process of analyzing thousands of business records.
Agents are in touch with clients all day, every day.
Agents are indeed important.
Agents are independent, software machines.
Agents are inherently active entities that execute scripts, i.e. behaviour descriptions.
Agents are interested in books, plays, film and television scripts.
Agents are inventive and resourceful and are salespeople.
Agents are jointly and severally liable for their principals.
Agents are just as anxious.
Agents are liable for their own torts.
Agents are likely to become more important in systems development in the coming years.
Agents are likely to benefit slightly as they can make more informed decisions.
Agents are limited to doing a single type of action.
Agents are location-independent.
Agents are more autonomous because they can incorporate certain management tasks, such as polling.
Agents are more aware of the marketplace, thus able to get more licenses.
Agents are more likely to adhere to schedules when they realize they are needed.
Agents are more likely to take on nonfiction writers.
Agents are much more specialized today, they say.
Agents are negotiators, deal makers.
Agents are never out of touch with the office.
Agents are no longer secret.
Agents are nominally a part of the future of computing.
Agents are now able to use the new credit card payment option when submitting a new application.
Agents are officials.
Agents are often key to marketing home warranties to homebuyers and sellers.
Agents are one possible approach to management, but there are others.
Agents are people, too.
Agents are pieces of code that nontrivially take one another into account in their decision making.
Agents are present in the skin, hair and nails of human and animal hosts.
Agents are present in the skin, hair, and nails of human and animal hosts.
Agents are price-takers.
Agents are professionals who work with their clients.
Agents are professionals whoare motivated, in part, by their commission structure.
Agents are programs that can act autonomously.
Agents are promising because of they allow functionality to be added easily and dynamically.
Agents are properties.
Agents are ready to take suggestions and complaints regarding transit services.
Agents are really only a small part of intelligent interfaces.
Agents are really the gatekeepers of the publishing world.
Agents are representatives.
Agents are responsible for certifying eligibility.
Agents are responsible for contacting interested producers.
Agents are responsible for promotion, distribution as well as sales and marking.
Agents are responsible for retrieving documents over the network.
Agents are responsible for their own licensing and appointment fees.
Agents are responsible only for voluntary actions.
Agents are salesmen.
Agents are shared library functions.
Agents are small entities that carry code, data and rules in the network.
Agents are smart things that perceive, make decisions, and then act.
Agents are software modules that reside in network elements.
Agents are software programs that act on a person's behalf.
Agents are specialists in new and re-sale homes in the southern arc.
Agents are still rare.
Agents are substances.
Agents are sure to revolutionize industrial espionage, too.
Agents are the entities that interface to the actual device being managed.
Agents are the key to the emerging conversational interface.
Agents are the most confusing piece of an otherwise simple program.
Agents are the ones who are going out and plucking horses to help fill the races.
Agents are the people involved in the transaction.
Agents are the sommeliers of the real estate industry.
Agents are the work of lazy programmers.
Agents are then prepared to sell after they address each customer's issues.
Agents are there for the writer between books as well as during the publication process.
Agents are therefore likely to face a new fitness landscape in each time period.
Agents are too busy and old techniques are still working just fine.
Agents are too busy to read so so or bad writing.
Agents are unaware of such a trajectory because the externality is assumed to be unknown.
Agents are upset with poor performance of outdated systems, and the organizations are in trouble.
Agents are usually lawyers, and they are always trained as investigators.
Agents are very busy people.
Agents are very choosey about the fotos they submit to casting directors.
Agents are very simple scripts invoked by cron .
Agents are welcome who practice in any branch of the profession.
Agents are welcome.
Agents are well-versed in marketing, financing, and more.
Agents are where the work is, and Hollywood and Vancouver are where most of the Hollywood work is.
Agents are wonderful people.
Agents are, for instance, prompted to contact customers who have closed their accounts.
Agents arrive on campus.
Agents assign values to items according to different criteria.
Agents assist a wheelchair traveler down the stairs.
Agents assist callers with warranty information, catalog mailings and order taking.
Agents assist store employees in the detection of underage patrons and false identifications.
Agents attend a party to talk with others.
Agents automate simple repetitive activities.
Agents become distrustful.
Agents become frustrated.
Agents belong to different villages that are informationally separated.
Agents belong to different villages which are informationally separated.
Agents benefit because they have free and instant access to facts.
Agents benefit by having their listings exposed to a much greater, more informed audience.
Agents blaze into the peaceful valley of encampments.
Agents call for an appointment and let themselves in using the lockbox.
Agents can accept or refuse customers' requests for help.
Agents can access server resources using a proxy-based access control mechanism.
Agents can act on behalf of users to collect, filter, and process information.
Agents can adopt additional goals through interpersonal relationships.
Agents can also access company newsletters and commission and production reports on-line.
Agents can also assist in simulating work flow systems.
Agents can also be very simple.
Agents can also delete a saved search .
Agents can also drive online customers to specific Web pages for live interactive collaboration.
Agents can also explain how risk classifications effect the cost of insurance.
Agents can also find customized materials about the co-op and lead generation programs.
Agents can also help people collectively construct knowledge, shaped around their needs.
Agents can also learn from agents that perform the same task.
Agents can also recommend schools, local contractors, and mortgage brokers.
Agents can also request supervisory help with the push of a single button.
Agents can also run a saved search .
Agents can also select three-letter codes to send canned replies.
Agents can also send trap messages.
Agents can also submit quote requests through the Web site and receive a response via email.
Agents can also substantially increase the revenues generated for serving their clients.
Agents can also take advantage of reduced long distance telephone rates.
Agents can also transfer data, as well as calls, to anyone in the network, regardless of location.
Agents can also use their page to sell their own backyard to Internet users who live someplace else.
Agents can also view customers' previous on-line correspondence with customers.
Agents can answer calls and have automatic access to database information about callers.
Agents can answer calls from buyers.
Agents can argue the rating.
Agents can assign categories to multiple messages.
Agents can assist customers in learning how to find solutions or use features on a Web site.
Agents can be a huge source of business.
Agents can be greedy, misleading and even stupid.
Agents can be just as critical.
Agents can be of good use here.
Agents can be of many different types, including human agents, robotic agents, and software agents.
Agents can be particularly useful in providing a scalable paradigm to protect distributed systems.
Agents can be people or organizations.
Agents can be very expensive to train.
Agents can be very helpful.
Agents can be very interested in private labeling and sponsored brokerage arrangements.
Agents can be very strong additions to virtual reality environments.
Agents can behave like people.
Agents can both listen and talk concurrently, allowing for a great deal of versatility.
Agents can catch their own errors at that point.
Agents can check in and issue boarding passes to travelers in gate waiting areas.
Agents can choose either to quit and search for a better job, or continue working.
Agents can communicate each with others.
Agents can communicate with each other through messages, and make requests.
Agents can compare rates among many hotels within the same destination.
Agents can complete the entire real estate transaction.
Agents can consume their wealth, hold it as money, or invest it in bonds.
Agents can contact airlines, hotels, and attractions to make necessary reservations.
Agents can contact one another to assist each other in conducting business.
Agents can create free listings.
Agents can create their own reply or choose from canned replies on the server.
Agents can customize the material with their own name and logo.
Agents can do a model search in the online talent database.
Agents can do a random walk in some direction.
Agents can drive first family teens on dates, for example, or follow.
Agents can drive first-family teens on dates, for example, or follow.
Agents can either learn or be learned about.
Agents can either view stats in the form of raw data or as charts and graphs.
Agents can enjoy discounts, provided that number of recruited applicants is large enough.
Agents can enter company listings and search the office inventory from their home computer.
Agents can exist alone or as a society.
Agents can express preferences based on ordinal goal importance.
Agents can find out about continuing education requirements and schedule of classes.
Agents can follow each others user preferences when engaging in exchange of information.
Agents can get commission, policyholder and product information.
Agents can get it all in one place.
Agents can handle single or multiple media types, some concurrently.
Agents can have their own or shared mental models.
Agents can help filter and order mail, separating informational gold from useless dreck.
Agents can help the process.
Agents can help.
Agents can hold money in different forms.
Agents can impact our program negatively.
Agents can increase a merchant's visibility among consumers and can help bring in new sales.
Agents can initiate communication, monitor events, and perform tasks.
Agents can interact with other agents and or humans.
Agents can interact with other agents or supervisors using an integrated text messaging system.
Agents can internalize words that are locally correlated with fitness, based on user feedback.
Agents can keep track of everything they see and hear in the included notebook.
Agents can list company for free.
Agents can list their models or actors and have links to their site.
Agents can log in or out of the system at any station.
Agents can log-on to the computer as their schedules permits.
Agents can lose their licenses over churning, too.
Agents can make notes directly into customer files so customer requests are reflected immediately.
Agents can modify their tour packages and information and make price changes on-line.
Agents can move through a directory structure by pushing and popping directory names.
Agents can navigate the Web, interact with Web pages, and retrieve information.
Agents can now join the association as a member of the agent division.
Agents can offer one or multi-book contracts.
Agents can offer services to local or remote agents as well.
Agents can only attend training in their own area of specialization.
Agents can only play the game that they think they are playing.
Agents can order copies of paper containing the above information in advance.
Agents can order optional direct-mail and telemarketing services.
Agents can place intercom calls, and transfer calls to each other as well as to an outside number.
Agents can play two different roles with respect to any given session.
Agents can plug new reactor delegates and message patterns during their lifetime.
Agents can print out the report.
Agents can process the same number of orders in the half the time previously required.
Agents can produce floorplans for every listing.
Agents can promote thier site's as well.
Agents can provide increased support to the knowledge workers in the sphere of decision making.
Agents can provide more responsive service and handle more calls per shift.
Agents can provide troubleshooting tips and detailed support information.
Agents can push Web pages to customers by entering digits from their touchtone phones.
Agents can quickly view their productivity with text-based and graphical statistics.
Agents can reach more people.
Agents can readily handle the deselection process online.
Agents can recommend campsite itineraries to clients who are heading to Alaska on vacation.
Agents can recommend music, tell stories, and interact with people.
Agents can register their orders on-line.
Agents can represent more than one insurance company.
Agents can represent parties in legal proceedings and inquests despite having no legal training.
Agents can request supervisory help at the touch of a button.
Agents can research all airline schedules and prices at one time.
Agents can respond to any aircraft, any day, any time.
Agents can schedule half a dozen showings with one phone call.
Agents can search for new talent.
Agents can send audio, video or, as shown here, graphics files to customers during chat sessions.
Agents can send the articles, along with a personal note, to clients or prospects.
Agents can sign up new customers and install the software provided.
Agents can submit photos, parcel maps or sketches.
Agents can submit their preferred work times for approval through a Web browser.
Agents can then present policies electronically, also determining premiums on laptops.
Agents can then respond to text chat requests, as pictured here.
Agents can update their photo at any time.
Agents can use as much money as they have in their bank accounts.
Agents can view each customer's record, as shown here.
Agents can view screen pops containing customer data when they answer calls.
Agents can view stats for pay period, today and search for any other day.
Agents can work as noninteractive individuals or as a collective.
Agents can work as technological machetes, clearing the lush data tangle of the Web.
Agents can work from any location, including their home.
Agents can work where they are most proficient and where they prefer.
Agents can work with marketing groups or sales teams to learn more about how the business operates.
Agents can, at their option, choose to be many things to clients.
Agents carry out the agendas of the humans they represent.
Agents charge either flat management fees or a commission.
Agents charge one-month's rent as commission.
Agents check a drum found at the home of a militia member.
Agents check sporadically for tickets in the trains.
Agents choose strategy operators at design time, and thus implement dynamic control mechanisms.
Agents choose to cooperate or defect entirely based on the history of previous encounters.
Agents churn because they earn a commission for each new policy they sell.
Agents cite the ability to really help people and provide a valuable service.
Agents claims no responsibilities for any and all work, repairs etc.
Agents clearly are the most threatened by the Internet.
Agents clerkenwell loose fratelli glasgow fulfilment speaks universal released.
Agents collect a ten-percent commission for negotiating a movie deal.
Agents combine executive coaching and career consulting with marketing and negotiations.
Agents come and go, and interact with strangers.
Agents come and go.
Agents come with varying degrees of intelligence, interaction abilities, and autonomy.
Agents comes up with the extracted information relevant to the query.
Agents commonly taken in overdose include secobarbital, phenobarbital, or butalbital.
Agents communicate through messages relative to their local context.
Agents communicate with each other by deriving and accepting words in terms of their own grammar.
Agents communicate with each other directly or via spatial relationships provided by the agentsheet.
Agents compete among themselves for services from suppliers.
Agents complete an application online and receive notification of approval within one hour.
Agents consist of one or more rules.
Agents continue to be canceled for non-compliance, failure to timely report and remit.
Agents continue to pursue additional leads in the case.
Agents continue to report rising prices and a surge in sales of both new and existing homes.
Agents control their own schedules and develop their own marketing plans.
Agents cooperate by working on one another's results.
Agents cooperate to support both browsing and explicit content-based searches.
Agents coordinate parish programming.
Agents costlessly observe the characteristics of all seats and already seated individuals.
Agents culturally interact by exchanging behavioural rules and cultural markers.
Agents deal with business details and payments so the writer can concentrate on writing.
Agents depend heavily on help from local citizens to report violations.
Agents describe racial profiling in Dallas immigrant smuggling investigation.
Agents determine how much stock to buy, sell or hold, using a standard risk-aversion calculation.
Agents die if and when they burn up all their sugar.
Agents die if they are unable to find enough food to satisfy their metabolic demands.
Agents die when they fail to gather enough sugar to fuel their activities.
Agents differ by sex, marital status, and human capital.
Agents differ greatly in what they want via e-mail.
Agents differ in their mobility with mobile agents being able to relocate within a country.
Agents differ in their needs and abilities.
Agents do a number of things.
Agents do half the work for publishers, screening and often editing.
Agents do it for money.
Agents do that.
Agents don t have quick access to information, because it is stored in many different forms.
Agents drink it as refreshment while awaiting the coming attractions.
Agents drive clockwise around the track.
Agents dynamically connect with each other as opportunities arise for mutually beneficial exchanges.
Agents earn a two percent override on all personally referred agents only.
Agents earn money from their commissions.
Agents earn more money with a higher split plus overrides.
Agents enable very flexible services both for the user and service provider.
Agents enjoy all the privileges and responsibilities of self-employed professionals.
Agents enjoy higher-level involvement in important community affairs.
Agents enjoy instant confirmation on each room reservation made.
Agents enjoy the benefits of professional newsletter and advertising.
Agents enjoy very few benefits, despite the dangerous work they're asked to do.
Agents ensure rapid application service recovery regardless of the failure type.
Agents enter competition.
Agents enter the game according to the rules for new Leaders.
Agents enter the three-character symbols for institutions within their group.
Agents established for and by private motorists, they'll know where to look.
Agents face two types of idiosyncratic i.i.d.
Agents facilitate the transfer by assisting the technical staff.
Agents fail to deal objectively with clients.
Agents fail when they work with anyone and everyone.
Agents feel like valued assets within the company.
Agents feel much more free to share.
Agents fight, trade and reproduce.
Agents figure out deposits and estimate charges.
Agents Find people.
Agents function as a funnel.
Agents further benefit by being relieved of self-promotion and advertising costs.
Agents generalize remote programming to allow arbitrary code movement.
Agents generally earn a percentage of an actor's contract.
Agents generally get a percentage of the price of the property.
Agents generally have a wide variety of sources of information that can be tapped into.
Agents generally receive a commission which ranges between ten and twenty percent.
Agents generally specialize in either residential or commercial properties.
Agents generally take a set percentage of the rental or purchase cost.
Agents generate user-defined browsing reports.
Agents get a referral fee for most of the loan products they close.
Agents Get a web page and listing in our database.
Agents get free home page and list properties free.
Agents get referral information here.
Agents get scores for successfully communicating with each other.
Agents get tense.
Agents get the traditional marketplace basic commission for a new sale.
Agents Handle All Paperwork.
Agents handle inbound dedicated account, sales, customer service and credit calls.
Agents handle rigorous training, personal risks, irregular hours and extensive travel.
Agents handle submissions, negotiations, and contract revisions.
Agents have a clear and growing importance, both practical and theoretical.
Agents have a good mix of physical strength and magical abilities.
Agents have a large number of goals which vary in importance.
Agents have a marketing mindset, and therefore tend to be more creative than appraisers.
Agents have a piece of equipment called a surveillance kit that is part of their radio.
Agents have a purpose and act in accordance with that purpose until it is fulfilled.
Agents have a response timer and a transcript window.
Agents have a tough time investigating a cold trail.
Agents have a variety of interesting responsibilities.
Agents have access to a variety of informational resources.
Agents have access to add, edit and delete Open House Listings.
Agents have an ever increasing number of duty stations to apply for as agents retire.
Agents have architectures.
Agents have contacts in the publishing world, and know the markets.
Agents have different perspectives that are relational.
Agents have different policies about what they want to see in introductory submissions.
Agents have different roles and contain different knowledge about network service.
Agents have energy, which is gained from relevant Web pages and lost from irrelevant pages.
Agents have experience .
Agents have free forms and contracts which lenders and appraisals can realty leases.
Agents have hard local problems, and compute approximate solutions to marginal cost calculations.
Agents have harrowing stories to tell of the suffering endured by the immigrants.
Agents have hundreds of clients and can only spend a little time on each.
Agents have intentional properties such as goals, beliefs, abilities, and commitments.
Agents have limited information and no common knowledge.
Agents have limited resources .
Agents have locations in time and space.
Agents have many important applications in E-commerce.
Agents have multiple purposes when placed within a virtual world.
Agents have no control over monitoring.
Agents have no such power.
Agents have one less reason to log off the computer and dialer and leave their seat.
Agents have qualifications in Australian migration law.
Agents have real-time access to customer order information.
Agents have relationships with other agents .
Agents have relationships with other agents, through which goals are adopted.
Agents have relationships with other agents.
Agents have reservation cards and have prospective individuals.
Agents have several listing options.
Agents have social ability and the ability to interact with other agents in an autonomous manner.
Agents have some alternatives.
Agents have some commonsense knowledge about where the ordinary items of daily life are sold.
Agents have specialities, just like writers do.
Agents have the ability to receive the largest share of profits from sales.
Agents have the capacity to move calls internally.
Agents have the following designations.
Agents have the option of quoting umbrella via the Internet.
Agents have the option of searching on various criteria.
Agents have the option to submit their own photo or have the REIS photographer take the photo.
Agents have the quality of volition.
Agents have to be a different breed, with computer-savviness and a knowledge of finance.
Agents have to be able to handle criticism and constant monitoring.
Agents have to consume sugar in order to survive.
Agents have to do what they've got to do.
Agents have to get an MVR from somewhere .
Agents have to work twice as hard.
Agents have training needs.
Agents have various areas of deployment.
Agents have, at their disposal, the knowledge of what similar properties have sold for in the past.
Agents Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Agents help clients define their travel interests and needs, including time and budget requirements.
Agents help farmers with soil bank a new strain of wheat stem rust.
Agents help NOCs maintain the reliability and quality of service for the overall system.
Agents here make a whole lot of money.
Agents hire a special-effects man to stage a fake mob hit.
Agents hold maids' return plane tickets, and in some cases their passports.
Agents hold meetings and workshops.
Agents hold portfolios consisting of two distinct currencies.
Agents hope to find an answer.
Agents identify and emphasize the most pertinent selling points.
Agents increase their chances to win with each booking.
Agents increasingly see cases in which one child's head is morphed onto another's body.
Agents individually preprocess their plans to derive summary information for non-primitive plans.
Agents influence the future by acting, but the outcome also depends on other events.
Agents inhabiting the physical world typically are robots.
Agents invest in authors' careers.
Agents investigate wildlife-related crimes.
Agents issue tickets, handle baggage, and then check both at flight time.
Agents Join the fast-paced, exciting world of telecommunications.
Agents just talk to people on the phone or over the Internet.
Agents keep all of their savings in the currency used to finance the lower of the two deficits.
Agents keep records, make reports, and help clients settle insurance claims.
Agents kill three pet cats.
Agents know that buyers who are hopelessly enthralled with a house tend to pay higher prices.
Agents know that finding new clients is the most difficult aspect in the real estate business.
Agents know the difference between a new guy on the block and a professionally trained inspector.
Agents know the editors.
Agents know the market and first impressions are important.
Agents learn cost-effective procedures and systems to keep in control of their business.
Agents learn from experience.
Agents learn how to develop a business plan and life plan.
Agents learn what consumers really want and why only a few colleagues succeed in the business.
Agents learn what to produce, who to trade with, what to trade and how much all at the same time.
Agents leaving the agency, lose their listing rights.
Agents lie about the cheapest airfares as well as the best rates at hotels.
Agents like to talk about and show such houses with interest.
Agents line up mounts for their riders.
Agents live in neighborhoods with their customers, sharing a life and a future.
Agents live or die on the whims of users.
Agents live well and artists struggle or have day jobs to subsidize agents life-styles.
Agents localize information.
Agents located around the world for quick response to our customers needs.
Agents log into their phones, boot up their computers.
Agents look around for the greatest nearest food, eat their ration and appropriate the rest.
Agents look for well-trained dancers.
Agents look forward to a new era of professional accomplishments.
Agents lose interest in property that is overpriced.
Agents maintain their listings from office or homes with no knowledge of programming code.
Agents make a number of submission copies of the ms.
Agents make airline, hotel, and car reservations.
Agents make consumption decisions and wealth is calculated.
Agents make contacts for a living.
Agents make decisions and have relationships with other agents.
Agents make judgments based on each individual's predictions of market price directions.
Agents make multiple submissions.
Agents make people redefine themselves into lesser beings.
Agents make such decisions on how much of a currency to buy or sell.
Agents make the market for information less efficient rather than more.
Agents make the user dumb.
Agents make their living by representing successful writers.
Agents make their living selling books.
Agents make their money by taking a percentage of the money that their client is paid.
Agents make their money off books.
Agents mediate between users and servers.
Agents Meet the agents behind the phenomenon.
Agents move around a spatial distribution of renewable resources maximizing their utility functions.
Agents move randomly from a cell to a connected one.
Agents narrow their focus out of necessity.
Agents negotiate under a variety of information, time, and computational restrictions.
Agents negotiate while buying and selling.
Agents never accept subagency that is offered by a seller's agent.
Agents now have the ability to answer questions and close sales in real-time.
Agents now turn away substandard ships on their own, and class surveyors take charge of problems.
Agents now use computers to access an abundance of information on potential clients.
Agents obviously have much to gain from staged readings.
Agents occasionally consult timetables, travel manuals, and rate books for more information.
Agents occupy the cells of a two dimensional grid that represent space.
Agents offer 'the best of both worlds' for writers and publishers.
Agents Only click here.
Agents operate continuously and record calculated information in a history file.
Agents operate in independent threads and communicate only via messages.
Agents operating on an open listing are keen to get a sale quickly.
Agents pace feverishly backstage, waiting for arriving flights of the puffins and shorebirds.
Agents participate in continuous education and training programs to remain up to date.
Agents participate in the company s training programs about corporate compliance.
Agents particularly enjoy the regional nature of the system and the increased functionality.
Agents patrol the border in vehicles, boats, aircraft, and afoot.
Agents pay a fee to provide their listings.
Agents pay extra if they're dumn enough to let the staff know what they do for a living.
Agents pay the rent and feed their families via commissions on manuscript sales.
Agents perceive their environment and respond in a timely fashion to changes which occur in it.
Agents permit one to dynamically extend the computational capabilities of a remote computer.
Agents plan in order to improve their performance.
Agents plan to meet multiple goals, and schedule actions from multiple plans.
Agents play a key role in our success.
Agents play an extremely important part in the growth of our company.
Agents please have letters of authorization.
Agents pop out of their starting positions after a preset waiting time.
Agents pose as customers while doing cops in shops.
Agents possess the characteristics of delegacy , competency , and amenability .
Agents prefer home buyers with cash to put down, good credit and conventional buying power.
Agents prefer to work with book authors or well known writers.
Agents prefer to work with their signed clients first.
Agents preventing the binding of histamine to receptors are very helpful.
Agents provide a special e-mail contact during the creation of their hosting site.
Agents provide callers with information about the cost of tickets or a room.
Agents provide clients with guidance on the best jurisdiction in which to establish a company.
Agents provide instruction in the four categories previously mentioned.
Agents provide the benefit of having established contacts in the countries where they do business.
Agents provide the brokering, negotiation and payment settlement services.
Agents provide the negotiating services.
Agents provide valuable services to buyers.
Agents push tiles into locations in a grid, some of which belong to particular agents.
Agents query the policy server.
Agents raise flags, stand up, grab a roamer, or call a supervisor on an extension.
Agents randomly check other agents in the matter of compatibility.
Agents rate each response before continuing to the customer's next request.
Agents receive all calls on their listings and their ads.
Agents receive frequent offers regarding the boiler-plate newsletters.
Agents receive hundreds and thousands of unsolicited manuscripts, as well as a few requested ones.
Agents receive screen pops at their desktop simultaneously with the delivery of a phone call.
Agents receive specialized training and supervise a limited number of offenders.
Agents recieve comission based on each referral depending on each referred customer.
Agents recognize the importance of using the Internet to stay competitive.
Agents regard each set of actions that take the user away from the current page as a task.
Agents register by specifying their interests and capabilities to a facilitator.
Agents register here.
Agents rely on ads and mailers because they can blanket a large farm of strangers.
Agents rely on competitions to determine which artists have solo career potential.
Agents remember their previous games and form according expectations about their opponent's demands.
Agents renew interest in letters The Olympic Park bombing remains unsolved.
Agents renewing on-line receive ample documentation to confirm their transactions.
Agents report that, once underway, the convoy stretched at least a mile.
Agents represent actors in various fields.
Agents represent all airlines and are considered an objective distributor.
Agents represent all suppliers.
Agents represent clients in legal transactions involving hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Agents represent humans as well as other interactive carriers of information.
Agents represent one of the most important sources of secret intelligence.
Agents represented by circles which are close to the center are undecided.
Agents representing qualified buyers are welcome.
Agents reside on peer computers and communicate various kinds of information back and forth.
Agents reside on the corporate network where they have high-bandwidth access to data servers.
Agents reside on the sites and travel via the links of the network.
Agents residing on managed devices collect and report response times to a central manager.
Agents retain leads from all the listings.
Agents review anonymous profiles and submit online proposals.
Agents routinely attend community meetings to listen to complaints and concerns.
Agents routinely check sewers and then seal manhole covers.
Agents routinely sign contracts.
Agents save time by repeating their comments on the feature sheet.
Agents save up all their silver dollars at their desk.
Agents say almost all buyers want to be able to walk to the beach.
Agents say complaints about corruption of inspectors and higher-ups are ignored or covered up.
Agents say it shows well.
Agents say many are retirees or elderly residents moving to retirement communities.
Agents say photographs simply have to be in focus and items recognizable.
Agents say that makes it even more difficult to find the actual owners of the child pornography.
Agents say the drivers are no longer moonlighting amateurs, but professional smugglers.
Agents say the Mexican soldiers tried to run down, then shot at, an agent on horseback.
Agents say the ring operated out of five U.S. cities and in Spain and Germany.
Agents say their phones stayed busy.
Agents say tourist hotels in Seoul have been able to raise rates due to a room shortage.
Agents scan their environment and develop schema representing interpretive and action rules.
Agents search the database for homes that fit the price range and needs of their clients.
Agents seek out information and solve problems on their own, with little involvement from the human.
Agents select locations in part based on the access to other agents provided by such networks.
Agents select their target load based on their political affiliations.
Agents selected are commonly used injectables.
Agents sell actors.
Agents sell insurance and provide personal service to policyholders.
Agents sell life, health and annuity products to new and existing customers.
Agents sell the vacation packages to consumers.
Agents sell their clients based on how they come across the page.
Agents send spec scripts to the people who hire and fire.
Agents serve as class reporters, fund raisers, reunion planners and more.
Agents serve to combine goals with methods for realizing goals.
Agents shift jobs almost as quickly as actors.
Agents sign up to receive quote leads in their area.
Agents simply connect to company headquarters.
Agents simulating people communicate via spreading infections.
Agents sit on the command server side and wait for events.
Agents spawn other agents in order to draw the branches of the snowflake simultaneously.
Agents specialize by type of securityholder.
Agents specialize composition, mobility and other classes.
Agents spend a lot of time previewing properties.
Agents spend a significant amount of time on marketing and trying to get new business.
Agents spend less time than they did when arranging the specialist visits.
Agents start buying from countries with inexpensive tickets.
Agents steal clients, producers steal actors, actors battle other actors for parts.
Agents still have to run on a computer somewhere, and that's almost always the user's computer.
Agents still play an essential role in the process.
Agents still push their importance as consultants for complicated product purchases.
Agents still react to an anonymous signal, the price distribution.
Agents submit loss notices directly to the appropriate claims office.
Agents subtract moisture content, and thus demand greater volume.
Agents suffer from head, neck, and to a lesser extent, back and leg injuries at their workstations.
Agents support intelligent query adaptation, and information-sharing.
Agents survive for months to years in dry, cool, shaded areas.
Agents take a long time to train.
Agents take in data from their sensors, process it, and present the information to the user.
Agents take into account their past experiences with other game entities when making decisions.
Agents take personality into account when deciding whom to represent.
Agents take their cuts and forward the balance to the models within two weeks.
Agents talk about hacking and Internet regulation.
Agents talk to clients about their needs and resources.
Agents tend to exercise more discretion.
Agents tend to fall into two categories.
Agents tend to know more about homes than most buyers, so ask questions.
Agents then return the fire and riddle the man with bullets.
Agents then review the tentative arrangements for accuracy and quality control.
Agents therefore have to learn from and adapt to their environment.
Agents think there are more victims who are afraid to come forward.
Agents travel throughout the world, often under assumed names or profiles.
Agents typically welcome the presence of competent and professional counsel.
Agents use a decision policy to select actions based on inputs.
Agents use complex and changing job information to do their jobs.
Agents use computer terminals so they can make, change, or cancel reservations.
Agents use coordination protocols, called conversation classes, for their structured interactions.
Agents use predictive dialers to block-out answering machines and increase dials per hour.
Agents use sensors to detect location of people in house to help regulate electrical devices.
Agents use the blackboard to communicate with other intelligent agents in the framework.
Agents use the rental reservations system to reserver equiptment for their clients.
Agents use the temporal information of neighbors to compute their own action frequencies.
Agents use their talents listing and selling real estate.
Agents used during anesthesia can also act on the neuromuscular junction.
Agents uses software agents to layout circuits and check design rules.
Agents using the new application can enter transactions directly into the browser window.
Agents utilize different communication modalities such as animation, sound, and speech.
Agents vary in their virulence, or capacity to infect and cause disease.
Agents view customers' phone numbers and e-mail addresses from a contact information panel.
Agents view information through a standardized interface during each transaction.
Agents view the entire on-line correspondence that precedes each message they receive.
Agents watch their clients checking in at the airport and give then instructions over mobile phone.
Agents work anywhere in the metropolitan area and come to the main office only when they want.
Agents work around the clock on assignments, in all types of terrain and weather conditions.
Agents work as a team with other agents in the county office.
Agents work as threads of the main process and communicate via shared memory.
Agents work for brokers.
Agents work for free unless they close a deal.
Agents work for the company as well as the manager they want to be proud to work for both.
Agents work full time or part time.
Agents work harder for imaginative buyers who can see beyond dead landscaping and hideous wallpaper.
Agents work in a Web environment.
Agents work in hierarchical organizations.
Agents work in parallel and share their information through the facilitator.
Agents work in personal and business markets.
Agents work in teams according to their skills.
Agents work more today and less tomorrow if risk increases.
Agents work most diligently when they know they have a loyal client.
Agents work on a commission basis for insurance companies.
Agents work on commission and are paid at the end of the month following delivery.
Agents work only because they trigger associations in the user.
Agents work through a rigorous training session before they become certified.
Agents work to match prospective buyers with property listed for sale.
Agents work to prevent smuggling and illegal entry of aliens into the country.
Agents work together to solve a problem, each one specialising in one or more specific tasks.
Agents work with many carriers and carriers accept consignments from many agents.
Agents work with state and federal levels.
Agents write and support multi-peril crop insurance, hail insurance and crop revenue coverage.
Agents write one to two letters to their classmates each year.
Agents write regional reports on crop development and pest management tactics for local conditions.
Agents write reports about what they found and the actions they took.
Agents yield in one area of conflict in order to gain concessions in another area.
An agent is a cause
Agent always uses the spell checker for the default language.
Agents always know the right thing to say.
Agents always persue somethimg more commercial than what one is ready to do.
Agents frequently give presentations to groups and appear on radio and television programs.
Agents frequently talk with company underwriters or claims representatives about their clients.
Agents often base recommendations on their own travel experiences.
Agents often do a lot more than most people realize.
Agents often find dealing directly with the taxpayer results in communication problems.
Agents often have to raise their hands.
Agents often note award-winners.
Agents often reflect upon the collegiate experience and comment on the intervening years.
Agents often respond with appreciation.
Agents often spend six or more hours per day talking on the phone.
Agents sometimes assist with making reservations and writing tickets.
Agents sometimes reside in small, geographically separated groups.
Agents usually begin by putting up a for sale sign.
Agents usually look for people with established reputations, which makes it hard for the newcomer.
Agents usually provide transportation to visit the prospective properties.
Agents usually suggest getting another appraisal before despairing.
Agents usually work with a short list of consolidators whom they've come to trust.
All agents always have the power to terminate their agency.
All agents answer phone calls and reply to e-mails.
All agents apply the ideas, creativity and skills necessary to succeed.
All agents are an attempt to manage the flood of information over the Internet.
All agents are busy - leave a message' on their phone line.
All agents are full time and are multi-million dollar producers.
All agents are full time and handle only commercial, industrial and investment real estate.
All agents are full time, and many have received top awards.
All agents are top producers.
All agents can access the complete state of the environment.
All agents can receive it anywhere in a map as building informaiton.
All agents defect and all resisters sell out, that's the sad truth.
All agents defect, and all resisters sell out.
All agents enter breast milk and cerebrospinal fluid.
All agents have a duty to treat customers fairly.
All agents have a reception area and a receptionist.
All agents have comparable acquisition costs.
All agents have different styles of selling and promoting scripts, which can confuse new writers.
All agents have four-year college degrees and previous sales experience.
All agents have instant access to houses listed for sale with the multiple listing service .
All agents have solid grounding in literature.
All agents have the same reasoning ability.
All agents have virtually direct and free access to all other agents.
All agents intend to do the best job for their clients.
All agents keep track of visual and physical encounters along the way.
All agents know the value of their secretary.
All agents make the same set of observations at each time step.
All agents move and interact in their virtual niche consisting of a two-dimensional grid space.
All agents realize that it takes both a buyer and seller to complete the transaction.
All agents receive information simultaneously and it is costless.
All agents receive messages via alpha-numeric pagers.
All agents share the responsibilities for rural and economic development programming.
All agents start in random places with varying levels of vision.
All agents start out crowded together at a single concentration of food.
All agents take a percentage commission of the rents collected.
All agents utilize the knowledge base and finite state models for reaching their decisions.
Any agent can advertise their listings on Real Estate Web once their profile is set up.
Any agent can gain access to our facilities.
Any agent can list a property but to market a property successfully requires effort.
Any agent can move easily across the network.
Any agent can review the Plan and submit an application.
Any agent can sign up to receive the daily activity summary online.
Every agent acts for an end.
Every agent acts from the presupposition of the first agent.
Every agent acts in so far as it has within it something corresponding to the effect to be produced.
Every agent based computing environment requires some degree of trust or risk taking.
Every agent experiences up and downs in their careers.
Every agent has a digit string of the same length as the environment.
Every agent has a quite complex architecture that can be divided in other sub-agents or modules.
Every agent has a slightly different approach.
Every agent has a unique story to tell.
Every agent has Agent as a superclass.
Every agent has different properties on the market.
Every agent is a year round resident and active member of the community.
Every agent is characterised by autonomous behaviour.
Every agent needs a calculator.
Every agent runs a server which listens for incoming connection requests.
Every agents is then in itself enough, and the owner of the agent benefits from the start.
Many agents frequently work overtime.
Many agents also have listings on the Internet.
Many agents also offer financial planning services.
Many agents also restrict their activities to searching and hence are patent searchers in practice.
Many agents are dangerous to handle.
Many agents are eager to quiz open house attendees about their home-buying plans.
Many agents are multi-scammers.
Many agents are still at work which can potentially degrade the exhibits.
Many agents are unaware of the rules for such accounts.
Many agents are under intensive study as potential cartilage regenerators.
Many agents are unwilling to take on clients that have yet to publish.
Many agents are useful.
Many agents build a major portion of their entire business from referrals.
Many agents can cause occupational asthma.
Many agents can induce occupational asthma via a specific hypersensitivity mechanism.
Many agents can kill cancer cells, a process called cytotoxicity.
Many agents choose a combination of their first and last name.
Many agents collect payments as a service to their clients.
Many agents develop a good working relationship with clients over time.
Many agents enjoy contact with college students.
Many agents expect a production to have been accepted before they take on a new writer.
Many agents feel their only asset is the information they possess on their clients.
Many agents find themselves at the forefront of operations worldwide.
Many agents forget that the visitors are people, and that real estate is a service business.
Many agents have a knack for editing.
Many agents have higher quality presentations than some of the biggest firms on-line today.
Many agents have no maintenance capabilities in-house.
Many agents have POAs for several surety companies.
Many agents have the idea to price it high in the beginning and reduce it later.
Many agents have the same applicants, but it is how they offer the property that counts.
Many agents lack the confidence or are afraid to discuss home enhancement with their clients.
Many agents offer a free analysis or property profile in hopes of acquiring a new client.
Many agents periodically attend plays and showcases to scout new talent.
Many agents prefer to use their names as their web site address.
Many agents present the offers in person.
Many agents provide a variety of services in addition to their insurance services.
Many agents refer their relocating clients to assure they receive the best service possible.
Many agents rely solely on sales representatives to service corporate accounts.
Many agents require actors to sign contracts, usually for a period of one year.
Many agents say the key to success is specialization.
Many agents sell insurance for only one company, while other agents sell insurance for several.
Many agents speak English.
Many agents specialize in books, while others deal in movies, television and so on.
Many agents spend most of their time and energy looking for new business from the general public.
Many agents spend most of their time looking for new business from the general public.
Many agents spend several hundred dollars per month on advertising listings.
Many agents sponsor youth sports teams and provide uniforms that include the agency name and logo.
Many agents still work by themselves and split their time between buyers and sellers.
Many agents store profiles of frequent corporate customers to help relations with clients.
Many agents take their files home to work on in front of the television or even in their bedrooms.
Many agents think it is none of the buyer's business why the seller is selling.
Many agents treat objections the same way that a deer treats oncoming traffic.
Many agents use pre-sale videos also.
Many agents wind up leaving after an acquisition.
Many agents work part-time, flextime, or from home or satellite offices.
Many agents work when they want to work and play when they want to play.
Most agents already have some type of network within their agency.
Most agents are Autonomous agents - agents modeled on the idea of an assistant.
Most agents are clueless when they walk into a negotiation.
Most agents are dedicated professionals who work hard to take care of their clients.
Most agents are honest, but a few try to cheat and, unfortunately, the elderly are often targets.
Most agents are honest, but some are more trained in sales skills than product knowledge.
Most agents are honest, caring professionals.
Most agents are in New York and so, too, are many singers.
Most agents are men.
Most agents are too busy to go searching a web site for models.
Most agents are too simple to beguile any but the most fetishistic nerd.
Most agents are very aware of their public image.
Most agents are very pleasant to work with for a publisher.
Most agents are weak acids.
Most agents assume the person paying the commission is their client.
Most agents attend a variety of conferences every year in hopes of finding new, talented authors.
Most agents begin their real estate career with the hope of gaining financial independence.
Most agents can acquire information about their environments as they operate.
Most agents can recommend a list of reputable, experienced insurers.
Most agents carry only a selected range of charts.
Most agents communicate with editors by telephone, fax, and e-mail.
Most agents compromise their philosophy and beliefs for dollars.
Most agents concentrate primarily on one side or the other.
Most agents disperse in a relatively short period of time.
Most agents dread hearing an objection, but most objections result from one of two situations.
Most agents earn ten to fifteen percent of an author's royalties.
Most agents expect simultaneous queries, so it's almost an unwritten rule.
Most agents fail.
Most agents feel that the fees they currently get are too low.
Most agents focus little time on growth activities daily.
Most agents have a difficult time communicating to their sellers about odor.
Most agents have a law, business, or combined background and experience.
Most agents have a network of peers involved in various aspects of real estate.
Most agents have a strong academic base in one discipline when they begin their employment.
Most agents have a termination clause in their contracts.
Most agents have long lists of available units.
Most agents hold top producing agents in the highest regard.
Most agents love to be the center of attention.
Most agents make their money by receiving a commission from the school.
Most agents never experience the thrill of doing business on their own terms.
Most agents offer such insurance.
Most agents only have a web page.
Most agents only last a couple of years.
Most agents only send a spec out to one producer at each studio.
Most agents pay for their travel expenses.
Most agents prefer to see a query letter first.
Most agents read and respond to such inquiries.
Most agents represent two jockeys.
Most agents require only standard precautions.
Most agents require registration and some personal information.
Most agents say suggest buyers take a step back and reevaluate what's most important.
Most agents sit around waiting for a buyer to call or come over.
Most agents stifle a groan when commercial clients call for fidelity and surety bond coverage.
Most agents submit one or two pages of their webs sites on occasion.
Most agents think it's a great idea.
Most agents typically wait until the house is in escrow before ordering the report.
Most agents used in veterinary dermatology for the treatment of seborrhea have both properties.
Most agents work alone.
Most agents work as the technician in their business instead of as the owner of a business.
Most agents work for a percentage of their client's salary.
Most agents work for real estate brokers or realtors.
Most agents work for real estate brokers.
Most agents work on growth activities at the last minute, when they are running short on funds.
Most agents work with both buyers and sellers.
Some agents often double as lobbyists.
Some agent comes from the USA and New Zealand.
Some agents act on the membrane that surrounds cells.
Some agents act primarily on beta receptors in the heart.
Some agents actually have to plead for advertising dollars.
Some agents also pass through charges for expenses to their authors.
Some agents are also involved in, or are aware of, local programs for municipal composting.
Some agents are better than others with first-time buyers.
Some agents are capable of transporting themselves to other locations.
Some agents are exclusive listing agents.
Some agents are great agents.
Some Agents are more difficult to deal with than others.
Some agents are much more prominent in their effect on the hair than others.
Some agents are simple to use, others much more complex.
Some agents are so new to the business that they have no staying power.
Some agents are very impatient when travelers start asking specific added-cost questions.
Some agents arrange flights in light aircraft over Mount Everest.
Some agents ask for an opening float to cover likely expenses until the first rent is paid.
Some agents believe that when the company cancels, their obligation is also terminated.
Some agents can be use remotely by end-users.
Some agents can infest only specific organs like flowers or roots to which they are specialized.
Some agents charge a fee on top of the cost of the ticket to use their service.
Some agents charge a penalty for single orders.
Some agents charge reading fees to review a prospective client's manuscript.
Some agents charge reading fees.
Some agents choose to maintain a higher profile and a deeper involvement.
Some agents close quite a bit of business, but are indifferent to the service they provide.
Some agents complain that it's prone to dropping pictures of properties and other glitches.
Some agents disagree.
Some agents do show their own listings first.
Some agents do their best work secretly, in the background.
Some agents even make house calls.
Some agents expect rail-transportation problems to continue in the near future.
Some agents fail to understand the seriousness of a hearing.
Some agents float between open houses on the same street.
Some agents focus on finance.
Some agents focus on news stories.
Some agents have a large percentage of listings that expire while others virtually have none.
Some agents have dopaminergic properties, which inhibit prolactin secretion.
Some agents have ozone-depleting potential that, while low, carry the onus of being depleters.
Some agents have so much success, they only work a few months a year.
Some agents have the philosophy that there's no way they can better themselves, but that's untrue.
Some agents have unique abilities.
Some agents like to have a page with their profile.
Some agents list many homes but sell only a small percentage.
Some agents maintain that the coverage is too complex to write.
Some agents mention that they have difficulty obtaining leads.
Some agents only focus on volume Comparing low and high cost plans.
Some agents only sell insurance.
Some agents prefer a synopsis to an outline.
Some agents prefer to keep actors unsigned for a trial period.
Some agents prefer to work with only one or two cruise lines, so call around for variety.
Some agents pride themselves on being abreast of the daily mortgage rates.
Some agents provide ways to filter incoming mail.
Some agents raise chickens.
Some agents recommend baking cookies or a loaf of bread to give the home an appealing aroma.
Some agents refuse to give sellers a price for fear of losing the business by offending the Seller.
Some agents represent only one company, and others represent several companies.
Some agents represent the best interests of the seller.
Some agents request the same page again and again.
Some agents require several inoculations over an extended period before immunity is conferred.
Some agents routinely check credit early in the process.
Some agents say many sellers believe prices have peaked and now's the time to cash out.
Some agents see their jobs as threatened if they take tough measures to collect delinquent levies.
Some agents serve entertaining purposes, rather than strictly utilitiarian ones.
Some agents specialize in distressed properties, everything from repossessions to tumble-downs.
Some agents specialize in particular neighborhoods or buildings while others cover the entire city.
Some agents start their own premium finance companies.
Some agents suggest dual agency, which means, the agent works for both the seller and buyer.
Some agents tend to exaggerate.
Some agents think that perhaps sellers are waiting for prices to rise a little before listing.
Some agents think that the alternative market is only for big brokers placing large risks.
Some agents think they have to sacrifice portability for power.
Some agents try to make contact with others, other agents try to avoid contact.
Some agents visit buffalo.
Some agents when forced to compete for a listing just tell the seller what they want to hear.
Some agents work just two days a week, if that is the extent of their availability.
Some agents work only as one or the other.
Agented authors can benefit by making new contacts.
Agglomerate cork has high resilience and offers a good seal.
Agglomerates have always an inhomogenous abrasion and are actually unfit for a strained area.
An agglomerate is a volcanic rock
Agglomeration can be a major expense in operating a heap leach.
Agglomeration happens on a number of different levels.
Agglomeration is a collection
Agglomeration is also related to the availability of labour.
Agglomeration is collections.
Agglomeration means some of the silver atoms are starting to share electron rings.
Agglomerations consist of contiguous built-up residential areas.
Agglutination is a biological process
Agglutination is an etymological process, by the way.
Agglutination is the compounding of morphemes to a root to form words.
Agglutinative languages tend to be very predictable in their prefixes and suffixes.
Agglutinative tongues are very diverse in structure and origin.
Agglutinins are present early in the disease.
Agglutinins are specific in their reactions and are used for laboratory diag- nosis of disease.
Aggradational floodplains are more common than erosional ones.
Aggraded flats are valley floors without well-defined stream channels or scars.
Aggravated arson is a Class X felony.
Aggravated assault can serve as the underlying felony in support of a finding of felony murder.
Aggravated assault carries a maximum penalty of one year in jail.
Aggravated assault is a Class D felony.
Aggravated assault is a crime of violence.
Aggravated assault is a felony .
Aggravated assault is a felony in Ohio.
Aggravated assault is a felony.
Aggravated assault is also a problem in Seattle.
Aggravated assault is an assault with a deadly weapon.
Aggravated assault is an attack for the purpose of inflicting serious injury.
Aggravated assault is an attack that leaves someone with severe injuries.
Aggravated assault is usually a felony punishable by a term in state prison.
Aggravated assault occurs when a victim is attacked by physical means.
Aggravated assaults are assaults.
Aggravated assaults are the most serious type.
Aggravated assaults involve bodily injury caused by fisticuffs, a knife or other dangerous weapons.
An aggravated assault is an assault
Most aggravated assaults are very high when it comes to domestic violence.
Aggravated battery involves the intent to injure and the actual infliction of bodily harm.
Aggravated battery is knowingly committed on a correctional officer engaged in official duties.
Aggravated battery is no longer a specific intent crime.
Aggravated battery means multiple gunshots or a particularly violent killing.
Aggravated burglary is a burglary of a habitation.
Aggravated felons have fewer rights and are more likely to be deportable.
Aggravated felonies carry a lifetime ban .
Aggravated forgery is a Class B crime.
Aggravated incest is a class D felony.
Aggravated kidnapping can carry a sentence of life without parole.
Aggravated kidnapping is a Class B felony.
Aggravated murder is punishable by either life in prison or death.
Aggravated riot is a Class E felony.
Aggravated robbery is a Class B felony.
Aggravated robbery is a felony.
Aggravated robbery is a robbery . . .
Aggravated robbery is the taking of property by force or threat of bodily harm.
Aggravated robbery occurs when a person is armed with a dangerous weapon while committing a robbery.
Aggravating factors are bits of information that make the crime seem more reprehensible than normal.
Aggravating factors are the time of the event and the number and intensity of aftershocks.
Aggravation is aggression.
Aggravation is annoyance.
Aggravation is any personal injury to the victim other than the penetration itself.
Aggravation is intensification.
Aggravation is located in malls.
Aggravation is present in the morning, from fasting, and in a warm room.
Aggravation is vexation
Aggravation reduces as the cure progresses steppingly.
Aggravations can be good, or they can be bad.
Aggregate amounts vary depending on the lender.
Some aggregate anemones have tubes.
Aggregate bandwidth is the total amount of bandwidth over the entire network.
Aggregate compensation includes bonuses in addition to base pay.
Aggregate computation is an important component of decision support applications.
Aggregate concrete gives glitter to walls, stairs, fountains and urns.
Aggregate data are also available in text format for further custom processing.
Aggregate data are available at the state and county level and for metropolitan areas.
Aggregate data includes no personally identifiable information.
Aggregate data is available the very next day to create a product ticket for manufacturing.
Aggregate data is available.
Aggregate data is summarized and used internally, in our media kit or published online or in print.
Aggregate data is used to encourage good practices or to encourage any necessary changes.
Aggregate data show no overall effect.
More aggregate data is provided on water quality and acid rain.
All aggregate delivery is radio dispatched for prompt delivery.
Aggregate demand is the relationship between the quantity of output demanded and the price level.
Aggregate demand is the sum of total economy-wide demand for goods and services.
Aggregate demand is the total level of demand in the economy.
Aggregate dollars go further to promote like information than individual outlays.
Aggregate example is quartzite.
Aggregate figures are the result of summing all products thus obtained.
All aggregate finishes are also available in blends.
Aggregate fruit is fruit
Aggregate fruits are formed from a single compound flower and contain many ovaries.
Aggregate fruits arise from several ovaries in one flower.
Aggregate functions return a single value based upon a set of other values.
Aggregate information is more likely to be held by a merchant than by a consumer.
Aggregate information is used to better understand the demographics of our audience.
Aggregate level mean posterior estimates, based on simulations where .
Aggregate limit is the sum of all payments made for separate covered occurrences.
Aggregate maximum includes undergraduate loans.
Aggregate membership seems to be rising steadily.
Aggregate mining is an extremely intensive and destructive land use.
Aggregate objects allow multiple objects to be pre-assembled for fast retrieval.
Aggregate objects represent multiple real resources.
Aggregate pheromone has functions.
Aggregate pheromone has specific functions.
Most aggregate pheromone has functions.
Most aggregate pheromone has specific functions.
Aggregate plantings resemble the natural plant communities that wildlife use as habitat.
Aggregate prices are simply averages of the effects of micro-decisions.
Aggregate producers pay some of the highest private sector salaries and wages in the County.
Aggregate productivity is the total level of productivity achieved by a country.
Aggregate revenues is excess of aggregate expenses.
Aggregate risk is combination of dietary, drinking water, and non-occupational exposures.
Aggregate scheduling offers an opportunity to explore the relationships between variables.
Aggregate selections return only the aggregate figure for the item selected.
Aggregate statistics remain in our records.
Aggregate supplies are already limited in some areas of the state.
Aggregate supplies are economic terms.
Aggregate supply is represented by the country's production possibilities frontier.
Aggregate supply is the supply side of the economy .
Aggregate supply is the total quantity supplied at every price level.
Aggregate systems offer very high compressive strengths and are non-skid.
Aggregate tables contain redundant data that is summarized from other data in the warehouse.
Aggregate throughput is total bytes transferred throughout the test, divided by the total test time.
Aggregate transportation is discussed during a working lunch.
Aggregate typology emerges as the most significant variable, even ahead of mix typology.
Aggregate can cost considerable time, labour and money.
Aggregate is a mixture of clean sand and gravel.
Aggregate is another term for sand, gravel, crushed stone, slag and expanded shale.
Aggregate is any hard, mineral material such as gravel, crushed stone, sand, slag, etc.
Aggregate is fed onto the spreader disc through an adjustable opening.
Aggregate is intact and washed due to the removal of concrete mortar paste.
Aggregate is the sum of the investigator's, spouse's, and dependent children's financial interests.
Aggregate is the way to go.
Aggregate is used as a base for roads and construction.
Aggregate is used in everything from concrete to asphalt.
Aggregate is used in the production of both asphalt concrete and ready-mix concrete.
Aggregate isa aggregation.
Aggregate isa collection.
Aggregate means gravel, crushed stone, slag or marble chips.
Aggregate means nonunitarily conceptual as of any one moment.
Aggregate means sum-totally but nonunitarily conceptual as of any one moment.
Aggregates also form in axons, which degenerate into what are now called dystrophic neurites.
Aggregates are a basic raw material used in agriculture, construction and processing industries.
Aggregates are a basic unit of soil structure.
Aggregates are also very useful in combination with group by clauses.
Aggregates are available.
Aggregates are chemically inert, solid bodies held together by the cement.
Aggregates are clusters of many soil particles in a single mass.
Aggregates are clusters of particles of a variety of shapes and sizes.
Aggregates are heavier than individual particles and so are harder for wind to move.
Aggregates are intermediate between atoms and bulk samples.
Aggregates are materials.
Aggregates are objects of a class that exist over one or more threads and contexts.
Aggregates are sums.
Aggregates are the clumps of soil separates.
Aggregates are the essential constituents in civil engineering structures.
Aggregates are the greatest ill.
Aggregates are the only mineral commodity produced in every state in the union.
Aggregates are then further combined to achieve goals.
Aggregates are typically the ingredient that physically constitute the bulk of a plaster.
Aggregates are weapons.
Aggregates become useful when attributes needs to have a list of values.
Aggregates can also take the form of a buyers cooperative.
Aggregates can be as small as a grain of sand or as large as a pea.
Aggregates can be fibrous or granular.
Aggregates can be fine, such as sand, or coarse, such as gravel.
Aggregates can be scaly, compact, platy and as crusts.
Aggregates can only operate on fields in the immediate children of the recordset.
Aggregates consist in many cases of microorganisms attached to an organic matrix.
Aggregates consist of crushed stone, sand and gravel.
Aggregates contain summary data for all the possible combinations at all levels in both hierarchies.
Aggregates denoted by an m are medians of the values shown in the table.
Aggregates form crusts and granular masses.
Aggregates form double-row chains in the form of a tight spiral coil.
Aggregates form more readily when the pieces are assembled with a collector strand.
Aggregates marked by an s are sums of available data.
Aggregates results into one ranked list.
Aggregates Select a waterway facility name to view detailed information concerning each port.
Aggregates touch our lives everyday, from the driveway to the workplace.
An aggregate is an unit
Many aggregates are actually the fecal pellets of earthworms and other invertebrates.
Aggregated analysis misses the unique buying characteristics inherent in a customer group.
Aggregated data is available upon request.
Aggregated data is made available to page developers upon request.
Aggregated data reflect averages of counties in the area.
Aggregated emissions are simply the emission from sources other than reporting industries.
Aggregated information includes descriptive or demographic data, usage patterns and preferences.
Aggregation behavior attracts attention.
Aggregation services help researchers associate outcomes with specific guideline interventions.
Aggregation allows banks to guide customers toward the best rates on their savings.
Aggregation allows consumers to pool together utility usage or load and form a buying group.
Aggregation also achieves economies of scale resulting in increased cost savings.
Aggregation also means a steadier electricity load for the company.
Aggregation also raises legal and competition issues.
Aggregation also raises thorny questions about who owns information on the Internet.
Aggregation also smoothes out the differences in preferences.
Aggregation can lower rates by increasing negotiating leverage .
Aggregation can lower rates by increasing negotiating leverage.
Aggregation can quickly turn into aggravation if clients fail to do their homework.
Aggregation can result in production figures for an entire region or scheme.
Aggregation Consider a part of the overall schema as a single entity.
Aggregation groups a set of existing elements into a new one.
Aggregation has an important role to play in many host-parasite systems.
Aggregation has the potential to provide significant consumer benefits.
Aggregation influences coral species richness at multiple spatial scales.
Aggregation introduces errors inevitably.
Aggregation involves particulate adhesion and higher resistance to compaction.
Aggregation involves subjective judgement, whether arbitrary or based on experience.
Aggregation is a group
Aggregation is a measure of erosion resistance and also promotes infiltration and root development.
Aggregation is also transitive, as well as antisymmetric.
Aggregation is an inclusive process.
Aggregation is both a capability and a strategy.
Aggregation is carried out independently for each band.
Aggregation is carried out with assistance of a number of aggregation rules.
Aggregation is correlated with that binding.
Aggregation is distinguished from grouping induced by social factors.
Aggregation is done as a weighted arithmetic average of quantity relatives.
Aggregation is due to the sum of the interaction forces between particles.
Aggregation is impermissible here.
Aggregation is important in macroeconomics because a.
Aggregation is inevitable and potentially revolutionary.
Aggregation is the combination of loads of multiple customers.
Aggregation is the combining of information from various sources.
Aggregation is the first step in forming a blood clot.
Aggregation is the union of existing ice crystals.
Aggregation is used for a has a relationship.
Aggregation is what makes soil loose and very friable, improving the structure of soil.
Aggregation isa group.
Aggregation means pooling customers into buying groups to purchase gas.
Aggregation occurs due to attractive, short range forces between the particles.
Aggregation occurs when customers join together to form a single purchasing unit.
Aggregation only works when it enhances the fisc.
Aggregation provides the client with added buying power and the power of shared solutions.
Aggregation Pulling together content from disparate sources is a central vortal function.
Aggregation reduces a supplier's marketing and administrative costs.
Aggregation removes redundant information from a text without changing the content.
Aggregation results in extraction of Knowledge Concentrates, which are used for mining.
Aggregation serves to reduce information overload.
Aggregations are in terms of scope of the facility, type of area, and in terms of time.
Aggregations can cause a bottleneck during query execution.
Aggregations however are far more mutable and can be changed at run time.
Some aggregation is good for both the producer and the user.
Some aggregations are very loosely or- ganized.
Aggregators accumulate content from multiple sources.
Aggregators also develop and track the service-level agreements among application providers.
Aggregators are new, untested companies.
Aggregators bring together resources which can be found at hundreds of other sites on the web.
Aggregators can act as a simple, unqualified lead referral agent.
Aggregators can usually syndicate content for distribution fairly easily.
Aggregators come in different sizes.
Aggregators create large groups of customers, called buying groups.
Aggregators have certain elements in common.
Aggregators have to work out more than technical issues.
Aggregators live with a customer oriented view.
Aggregators plan to use the web to compile and provide customer account information for easy access.
Aggregators present both enormous opportunities and threats for existing businesses.
Aggregators serve all customer classes.
Aggregators take content from a variety of sites and publish it in feeds.
An aggregator is a person
Aggregators often provide access to journals published by other companies.
Aggregators sometimes drop titles for various reasons.
Many aggregators act as business agents for particular groups.
Most aggregators firmly believe that customer retention is paramount in the acquisition process.
Most aggregators provide just business services.
Most aggregators target small and midsize companies as their customer base.
Some aggregators qualify their titles with place of publication etc.
Aggression also runs in families.
Aggression attacks the ego or the self.
Aggression becomes a lose-lose game, while respecting the rights of others makes everyone a winner.
Aggression becomes more of a secondary response, within the human psyche, to possible danger s.
Aggression begets aggression.
Aggression brings down the barriers.
Aggression builds in the fall and during winter months, the males often fight each other.
Aggression builds walls and destroys relationships.
Aggression can also be inventive, devious, and enormously creative.
Aggression can be innate and situtionally driven.
Aggression can become a serious problem for children with autism.
Aggression can have a physical cause as well as a fear and disrespect cause.
Aggression can have multiple motivations.
Aggression can lead to injury or death.
Aggression can occur in a number of different ways including mentally, physically, or verbally.
Aggression can occur over food, in defense of cubs, or to reprimand a pesky suitor.
Aggression can occur with any animal, including humans.
Aggression carries with it an extremely problematic process of definition.
Aggression consists of threat displays and overt aggressive acts.
Aggression continues to be a major problem for educators.
Aggression cures a multitude of flaws.
Aggression dominates the barge scene.
Aggression gives rise to international responsibility.
Aggression goes unpunished or seems justified.
Aggression grows out of powerlessness.
Aggression harms pitta people by causing conditions like heartburns and ulcers.
Aggression has a partial list of sorts showing some of the mods included.
Aggression has nothing to do with deafness.
Aggression has numerous faces.
Aggression has three purposes in nature.
Aggression has to do with protection ones self.
Aggression helps men fight off illness .
Aggression here is checked against the breed standard and the dog's training.
Aggression however does play a role in the psychology professor's latest research.
Aggression increases through maturation and practise.
Aggression involves any behavior intended to hurt someone, either physically or verbally.
Aggression is a base human instinct which is required for life rather than death.
Aggression is a disposition
Aggression is a key component of the test, and dogs displaying unprovoked aggression fail.
Aggression is a key component of the test.
Aggression is a learned emotion that is built on different factors in a person s environment.
Aggression is a molded, learned behavior.
Aggression is a natural and necessary trait for horses.
Aggression is a necessary requirement for success in sport and in life in general.
Aggression is a normal part of the way all animals behave.
Aggression is a part of the sports.
Aggression is a problem which is mainly peculiar to the male of the human species.
Aggression is a style.
Aggression is a symptom and a behavior, and it is multiply determined.
Aggression is a very common problem in dogs and it usually is caused by one of two things.
Aggression is a way of life for female spotted hyenas.
Aggression is action, i.e. attacking someone or a group.
Aggression is actions.
Aggression is active, harmful and offensive, threatens all and benefits none.
Aggression is advantageous because politics is a war of position.
Aggression is aggression, oppression is oppression.
Aggression is an instinct, even as sex is an instinct.
Aggression is an obvious form of perpetuating violence in society.
Aggression is another factor to consider.
Aggression is another vice that is responsible for much human suffering, errors and atrocities.
Aggression is any action taken with the intent to do personal harm or physical damage.
Aggression is as much a reality in the classroom as it is in society.
Aggression is bad for the soul.
Aggression is behavior.
Aggression is combat.
Aggression is common in both male and female rabbits, especially during breeding season.
Aggression is common.
Aggression is cultivated.
Aggression is defined as any action that is intended to hurt others.
Aggression is defined as any behavior that is hostile, destructive, and possibly violent.
Aggression is defined as threats or harmful actions directed toward another individual.
Aggression is devalued for girls.
Aggression is everywhere, everyday.
Aggression is fuelled by perception, intolerance, misunderstanding and lack of control.
Aggression is hostile, blaming and demanding.
Aggression is hostilities.
Aggression is important.
Aggression is inherited or learned or both.
Aggression is just one manifestation of the death instinct.
Aggression is less when each species is housed by themselves.
Aggression is likely related to individual recognition, rather than recognition of the group.
Aggression is limited to the mildest practical joke, and even that generally backfires.
Aggression is modeled as an acceptable and rewarded choice.
Aggression is modified by visual assessment of sympathetic activation in male Anolis carolinensis.
Aggression is more common among animal relatives and within a group, than between groups.
Aggression is more likely among groups of three or more.
Aggression is much more well-accepted in boys than it is in girls.
Aggression is necessary because of competition of food.
Aggression is noted in both males and females in the form of tail biting.
Aggression is now more like a distant memory of a once great atariscene group.
Aggression is number of hits per hour.
Aggression is obsessive and often, like molten lava, takes the path of least resistance.
Aggression is often seen as being 'bad', so it's easier to discuss controlling it.
Aggression is on the upswing.
Aggression is one aspect of the game, but another is etiquette.
Aggression is one of the characteristics commonly attributed to the squirrels.
Aggression is one of the most dangerous international crimes.
Aggression is our inheritance.
Aggression is out.
Aggression is part of the plan here, although Mars also values courage and honor.
Aggression is part of the process of communicating.
Aggression is part of war.
Aggression is particularly evident during the breeding season and while females are gravid.
Aggression is primarily a learned behavior.
Aggression is reinforced by aggressive parents, neighborhoods and schools, and in the media.
Aggression is required to play the game.
Aggression is rewarded and war spreads in the former Yugoslavia.
Aggression is self-enhancing behavior at the expense of others.
Aggression is shown between foxes by snarling and growling, with ears flat against head.
Aggression is stimulated by various aversive experiences, including pain, physical attack and heat.
Aggression is subdued to bitching and pettiness and cuts on people's arms.
Aggression is suicidal.
Aggression is the desire or intent to cause harm.
Aggression is the drive, the adrenaline, the power.
Aggression is the instinctive, natural way to express anger.
Aggression is the manner and means to establishing self.
Aggression is the most common problem in dogs referred to the clinic.
Aggression is the most common response to the world from a paranoid type.
Aggression is the most serious problem because an aggressive dog can be dangerous.
Aggression is the natural order of things.
Aggression is the soil from which the worst human rights violations invariably grow.
Aggression is the true cornerstone of any great heavy metal song.
Aggression is therefore synonymous with invasion.
Aggression is twice as common among cohabitors as it is among married couples.
Aggression is used by salmonid fish as a means by which a dominance hierarchy can be formed.
Aggression is usually destructive , either physically or psychologically.
Aggression is very frequent in sibling relationships.
Aggression is when a dog growls, bites and snarls with or without hackles up and wide eyes.
Aggression isa disposition.
Aggression Learn about aggression and what can be done to reduce or prevent it.
Aggression lies at the root of many social ills ranging from interpersonal violence to war.
Aggression means trying to hurt a person or to destroy property.
Aggression occurs in corals as a result of their constant battle for survival.
Aggression plays up to the white middle-class image of urban black life, they say.
Aggression seems to be a more potent force in human nature than had previously been suspected.
Aggression seems to be measured along the x-axis.
Aggression shows itself when one individual assumes the right to make decisions for another.
Aggression swells as a tempered, angry lion rises.
Aggression takes a variety of forms among humans and can be physical, mental, or verbal.
Aggression tends to be a problem encountered in certain breeds more than others.
Aggression tends to be more common with left temporal lobe abnormalities.
Aggression tends to lead to aggression.
Aggression thus comes from within.
Aggression often comes from dominance, territorial defense and fear.
Aggression often manifests itself in diseases characterized by pain.
Aggression often occurs when they are overstimulated by petting.
Aggression often takes different forms based on gender.
Aggression usually begins where savvy ends.
All aggression stops and they are trying very hard to maintain harmony.
Most aggression is caused by frustration.
Most aggression is displayed by male students and directed at male students.
Every aggressive act is met with protest from a groundswell of opinion opposed to military methods.
Aggressive action is necessary for love.
Aggressive action is needed to keep the economy above water.
Aggressive actions arise from a desire for power and control.
Some aggressive action is required.
Aggressive adhesive provides very strong bond to almost any surface.
Aggressive analysts say they spend a minimum of a third of their working days on the road.
Aggressive anger is mitigated so that there is a choice made to learn new behavioral patterns.
Aggressive animals have sharp teeth.
Aggressive animals have teeth.
Most aggressive animals have sharp teeth.
Most aggressive animals have teeth.
Aggressive annexation creates bad blood between neighbors.
Aggressive bark beetles kill trees.
Aggressive beggars move from being unpleasant to threatening.
Aggressive behavior brings down the entire organization.
Aggressive behavior can result.
Aggressive behavior causes the watching of violent TV shows.
Aggressive behavior denies the basic human rights of others.
Aggressive behavior diminishes toward all intruders when egg nurturing is required.
Aggressive behavior includes grimacing, snarling and snapping when handled.
Aggressive behavior includes lunging, vocalization, and chasing.
Aggressive behavior is a deterrent to friendships and social success.
Aggressive behavior is a new area of investigation.
Aggressive behavior is a normal characteristic of children, particularly boys.
Aggressive behavior is among the most common causes of institutionalization.
Aggressive behavior is an area that psychoanalysis talks about.
Aggressive behavior is an interaction between two fish of the same species or different species.
Aggressive behavior is common in nursing homes for the elderly.
Aggressive behavior is learned and maintained in a similar manner to other behaviors.
Aggressive behavior is linked to a dog's gender and status.
Aggressive behavior is linked to the action of the amygdala , which lies next to the hippocampus.
Aggressive behavior is motivated by the desire for power and control.
Aggressive behavior is one of the most difficult pet topics to talk about outside of euthanasia.
Aggressive behavior is possible.
Aggressive behavior is self enhancing at the expense of others.
Aggressive behavior is self-enhancing at the expense of others.
Aggressive behavior is that which overpowers and degrades the person to which it is directed.
Aggressive behavior is uncommon when a new specimen is introduced into a settled school of goldfish.
Aggressive behavior is uncommon.
Aggressive behavior is used to intimidate another animal of the same species.
Aggressive behavior occurs amongst males during breeding season.
Aggressive behavior related to pain is a preotective instinct.
Aggressive behavior results from the constant threat of nature.
Aggressive behavior results.
Aggressive behavior shows itself in insults, belittling, and sarcasm.
Aggressive behaviors are functional.
Aggressive behaviors are part of the normal behavioral patterns of almost any animal species.
Most aggressive behavior is associated with territorial defense.
Some aggressive behavior sees in macaques.
Aggressive behaviour disregards the rights of others.
Aggressive behaviour is combative and disregards the rights of others.
Aggressive behaviour is most likely to be observed in groups where a dominance hierarchy exists.
Aggressive behaviours are part of the normal behavioural patterns of almost any animal species.
Some aggressive behaviour leads to injuries.
Some aggressive behaviour leads to serious injuries.
Aggressive bidders receive sure and certain awards but pay a price closer to market consensus.
Aggressive biopsy is required for early diagnosis and effective treatment in most patients.
Some aggressive birds kill mates.
Aggressive bit works in all types of soil conditions.
Aggressive bites are usually quicker and more painful than playful nipping or mouthing.
Aggressive boys see other people as hostile, especially to themselves.
Aggressive call is a short, stuttering trill, purrreeeek, usually rising in pitch at the end.
Aggressive cancers can occur between screening intervals.
Aggressive cat help Cats can display aggressive behavior for many reasons.
Aggressive children are also at risk for school failure, dropout, and poor peer relations.
Aggressive children become aggressive adults.
Aggressive children become aggressive teens who become aggressive adults.
Aggressive children comprise one-third of the referrals to child and adolescent clinics.
Aggressive children have difficulty reading social cues in the environment.
Aggressive children love to get under a parent's skin.
Aggressive children tend to grow into aggressive adults.
Many aggressive children have a network of aggressive friends.
Many aggressive children have a network of friends who are similar to themselves.
Aggressive collection requires lawyers skilled in collection enforcement.
Aggressive communication involves an intention to hurt or harm another.
Aggressive competitors can nest in the first box, leaving the second for bluebirds.
Aggressive confrontation can produce buzzing click-trains.
Aggressive counterattack is the more common response to criticism, however.
Aggressive coyotes lower tails.
Aggressive deadlines can preclude such an effort.
More aggressive dealers demonstrate potential for greater sales.
Aggressive decks are extremely focused.
Aggressive defense combined with ballistic protection generally works fairly well.
Aggressive dialysis can be therapeutic.
Aggressive discipleship is the medium and biblical stance between two extremes.
Aggressive discipleship lies midrange between the passive and the fanatical.
Aggressive discounts are available.
Some aggressive diseases cause death.
Aggressive displays are contests to see which of two combatants can raise their head the highest.
Aggressive dogs are often a reflection of their owner's character.
Aggressive dogs can lead to serious liabilities.
Aggressive dogs come in big, medium, and small sizes.
Aggressive drivers are determined to be first to get to a destination.
Aggressive drivers are everywhere.
Aggressive drivers are high risk takers.
Aggressive drivers are more likely to drink and drive or drive unbelted.
Aggressive drivers are more likely to engage in high-risk and discourteous driving behavior.
Aggressive drivers attempting to pass others at unsafe speeds pose a serious hazard.
Aggressive drivers continue to be one of the biggest threats to innocent, law abiding motorists.
Aggressive drivers do the kinds of things that other drivers respond to with anger.
Aggressive drivers fall right into the trap.
Aggressive drivers use it in the same way but for a different reason.
More aggressive elephants tend to have shorter, broken tusks than their calmer counterparts.
Aggressive expansion continues, including establishment of Southwest Region.
Aggressive fish are easier to catch.
Aggressive fish require much more space than mild fish.
Some aggressive fish get food.
Aggressive forms can extend beyond the skin to the lymph nodes, blood, and internal organs.
More aggressive formations place more players in the slot, ready to crash the net.
Aggressive grapplers do.
Aggressive grind angles for easy performance in heavy-duty jobs.
Aggressive grooming makes sure that there are runs for everybody.
Aggressive growth is certainly appropriate, more so for younger people.
Aggressive growth leads to problems.
Most aggressive growth leads to problems.
Aggressive habits tend to be learned early.
Some aggressive horses are insecure.
Aggressive hydration aids in eliminating chelated iron by maintaining an appropriate urine output.
Aggressive hydration is also important to help thin secretions and facilitate expectoration.
Aggressive impulses are under inhibitory control by higher brain areas.
Aggressive individuals are often defensive, and have few loyal friends.
Aggressive individuals take charge.
Aggressive infections are a growing health problem all over the world.
Aggressive initiatives question the right of the church to function in some areas of public life.
Aggressive interaction occurs during periods.
Aggressive interaction occurs during study periods.
Most aggressive interaction occurs during periods.
Most aggressive interaction occurs during study periods.
Some aggressive interaction leads to establishments.
Aggressive interrogations begin.
Aggressive investors are willing to take great risks in order to receive the highest return.
Aggressive investors buy the five lowest-priced stocks from within the same group.
Aggressive investors can speculate with call or put options on an index.
Aggressive investors look for stocks with higher betas.
More aggressive investors can still make principal priority a goal.
Aggressive kids come from aggressive homes.
Aggressive kids have no intention of being bad, nasty or rotten.
Aggressive language begets aggressive attitudes and behavior follows closely behind.
Aggressive lawyers play a role.
Aggressive leadership is critical in winning the war against criminal streetgangs.
Aggressive men provoke incidents to justify their behavior.
Aggressive management can result in full patient recovery and long-term immunity.
Aggressive management is recommended early in the course of an exacerbation.
Aggressive managers tend to extend portfolio duration's and accept lower credit quality.
Aggressive marketing can lead to unsubstantiated product claims.
Aggressive marketing is certainly acceptable and usually necessary for continuing growth.
Aggressive marketing means creating customer awareness and meeting user expectations.
More aggressive melanomas arise in the over-fifty set.
Aggressive members don t allow passive ones to participate.
Aggressive mode provides no identity protection but is quicker.
Aggressive motorists aggravate normal traffic and inevitable driver mistakes.
Aggressive nervousness is different from environmental nervousness.
Some aggressive novices ask the editors for advice.
Aggressive ones can take it down like a traditional bobber.
More aggressive organizations develop electronic presentations and other computerized tools.
Aggressive outbursts affect some males with fragile X syndrome.
Aggressive pedestrians are the dangerous kin of aggressive drivers.
Aggressive people are destructive.
Aggressive People Get their way no matter what.
Aggressive people have firm handshakes.
Aggressive people try to get their way through bullying, intimidating or even physical violence.
Aggressive perch are easy.
Aggressive periodontitis can affect young people who are otherwise healthy.
Aggressive periodontitis occurs in localized and generalized forms.
Aggressive personalities tend to forgive too little, too late.
Aggressive play has no chance here.
Aggressive play is common in doubles.
Aggressive play is essential.
Aggressive play is rewarded, and adds to the flavour.
Aggressive play opens the door for teams to score several points in a single end.
Aggressive players can go into a full song accompanied by the gestures of a conductor.
Aggressive predators feed on organisms.
Aggressive predators prey upon animals.
Most aggressive predators feed on organisms.
Most aggressive predators prey upon animals.
Aggressive prevention is advocated for diabetic nephropathy.
Aggressive prevention is paramount to staying healthy in a toxic world.
Aggressive pricing works only with extremely low costs.
Aggressive processes allow the stacking of vias on top of contacts.
Aggressive promotion is an integral part of our web page services.
Aggressive promotion is the key to successful advertisement on the Internet.
Aggressive prosecution has a powerful deterrent effect.
Aggressive psychology claims that real understanding and real solutions come from psychology.
Aggressive rabbits can hurt a rat very easily, and aggressive rats can seriously annoy a rabbit.
Aggressive reactions involve overreaction, blaming and criticizing.
Aggressive recruitment provides well-qualified, diverse applicant pools.
Some aggressive recruitment is needed to bring in the top candidates.
Aggressive representation is the firm's hallmark.
Aggressive resemblance is used by predators or parasites .
Aggressive riding can yield unpleasant results sometimes.
Aggressive roosters are usually more fertile.
Aggressive roots can plug plumbing, crack paving and pools, and even destroy building slabs.
Aggressive roots can raise sidewalks if planted too close.
More aggressive rules increase performance.
Aggressive runners can outrun even the most seasoned woman behind the plate.
Aggressive saving is more of a lifestyle than anything else.
Aggressive schedules are common in our industry.
Aggressive scheme can lead to big plays.
Aggressive skates are usually more expensive than recreational models.
Aggressive skates cost more and are designed for the more advanced, competitive skater.
Aggressive skaters require multi-impact protection and extra coverage for the entire head.
Aggressive skaters tend to migrate to small, hard wheels with a wide, flat profile.
Aggressive skiers can lock the strap.
Aggressive speculation moves high-latency instructions, like loads, up in the code stack.
Many aggressive surfers boast at their ability to conquer the wave.
Aggressive surgery is appropriate with successes and failures.
Aggressive surgery is considered the best therapy and often results in extended remission or cure.
Aggressive techniques involve trapping and provide instant control.
Aggressive testing diminishes risk.
Aggressive therapies are also popular in unstable coronary syndromes, despite a lack of data.
Aggressive therapy can cause lung problems or kidney failure.
Aggressive therapy continues throughout hospitalization.
Aggressive therapy involves taking the lobe out.
Aggressive therapy is necessary to realize any benefit from the discovery of a tumor.
Aggressive thinning is required to get good size and to avoid biennial production.
Aggressive throws lead to more errors.
Aggressive tillage is feasible but undesirable in reduced tillage fields.
Aggressive times call for aggressive measures, so don t be afraid to jig with gaudy spoons.
Aggressive teeth help prevent winching vehicle from slipping on ice, oil, or gravel.
Aggressive teeth offer security on steep terrain.
Aggressive traders can try shorting the market as it is making new lows.
Aggressive tread delivers serious performance.
Aggressive tread gives good traction in all conditions, excellent water speed.
Aggressive treatment appears to have a higher rate of remission than the less aggressive protocols.
Aggressive treatment depends on abortion to get rid of the extra fetuses.
Aggressive treatment is needed earlier in the progression of the disease to achieve glucose control.
Aggressive treatment is recommended, usually intravenous dosage of diazepam.
Aggressive treatment is required to affect a cure.
Aggressive treatments can cause nausea and pain.
Aggressive trombones punch with glacial glare.
Aggressive tumors can invade the sinuses, nasal passages, orbits, and skull base.
Some aggressive vines reach feet.
Aggressive vocalizations consist of grunting and growling.
Aggressive war is called defense.
Aggressive war is certainly a crime.
Aggressive warfare is always the result of what appears to be an economic necessity.
Aggressive wheels are short, with a wide, rounded profile.
Aggressive women go out and get it.
Aggressiveness attacks the other person rather than the problem.
Aggressiveness can work for and against a competitor.
Aggressiveness counts at key moments.
Aggressiveness decreases as the tines are angled toward the rear.
Aggressiveness is a drive
Aggressiveness is drives.
Aggressiveness is in most situations inappropriate because it violates the rights of others.
Aggressiveness is inconsiderate, unreasonable, abrasive, and often an unfair angry over-reaction.
Aggressiveness is part and parcel of the competitive process.
Aggressiveness isa disposition.
Aggressiveness wins battles.
Any aggressiveness is often due to a favored shell rather than territory.
Aggressors are the first to go, and frequently, they re positioned on top of the school.
Aggressors have their own defence against truth, but so do victims.
Aggressors use the most efficient tools available to damage their targets.
An aggressor is an offender
Some aggressors are in possession of a quickness that seems otherwise inhuman.
Aggrieved investors can beef about the arbitration system, but they're stuck with it.
Aggrieved people can petition the court for further relief, they say.
Aggrieved persons have the right to appeal the decision to a higher local body or court.
Aggrieved relatives carry family feuds into the fellowship.
More agile characters can do more actions per turn .
More agile characters can do more actions per turn.
Agile companies are very successful in today's marketplace.
Agile enterprise occurs because of business practices.
Agile feet allow the lorikeet to hang upside down and feed from the bottlebrush flower.
Agile institutions are fast, flexible, customizing and collaborative.
Agile locals fly up and down the ladders to harvest the nests built in the caves by swifts.
Agile management is that same power for organizations.
Some agile methodologies focus on light.
Agile models fulfill their purpose, are understandable, and are sufficiently accurate.
Agile organisations seek to respond with the right marketing, products and services.
Agile pedestrians do fine.
Agile spaces can accommodate new teaching models, such as team teaching and small-group activities.
Agilent equipment stands up to years of use in the field, factory, or lab.
Agilent facility is half block on the right.
Agility drills teach the athlete body control and awareness from the centered position.
Agility allows for minimal service stock.
Agility comes from fixing or using weapons, and intelligence comes from fixing or using items.
Agility comes from stretching and bending.
Agility comes from sung and comes when one is calm and quiet.
Agility encourages the owner and dog to work together as a team and helps the dog build confidence.
Agility gives attack speed, armor, and if they're agi-based, attack power.
Agility helps to build confidence in young or shy dogs.
Agility helps to focus an athletic dog's energies in a positive way.
Agility is a bit like an equestrian course, so the setting was quite appropriate.
Agility is a brisk dog sport.
Agility is a canine obstacle, a sport for dogs.
Agility is a canine sport that tests a dog's natural athleticism through an obstacle course.
Agility is a core fundamental requirement of all organizations.
Agility is a core value of performance excellence.
Agility is a fast paced sport and is a lot of fun to watch and to participate in.
Agility is a fitting sport for a dog that likes the speed of boats and jet skis.
Agility is a fun sport for both Beardies and their owners.
Agility is a fun sport.
Agility is a fun, competitive sport testing for speed and accuracy of handler and dog.
Agility is a measure which concerns the ability to adapt to varying situations.
Agility is a new dog sport enjoyed by all who try it.
Agility is a relatively new and exciting sport for dogs.
Agility is a sport in which dogs traverse a maze of obstacles and compete for speed and accuracy.
Agility is a strenuous activity for both dog and owner, thus, proper conditioning is critical.
Agility is a strenuous sport for dog and handler.
Agility is a TEAM event.
Agility is a team sport.
Agility is a TEAM sport.
Agility is a very seductive word.
Agility is about change-proficiency.
Agility is also an excellent outlet for high-energy or working dogs.
Agility is an exciting, fun sport for the dog, the handler, and the spectators.
Agility is another outlet.
Agility is as much a mental quality as a physical one.
Agility is crucial in the pipe, and how smoothly the maneuvers are executed counts.
Agility is defined in terms of agile determinants, agile dimensions, and agile characteristics.
Agility is designed to help ease tired, aching muscles.
Agility is essential to success in the current business world.
Agility is exciting for the dogs, handlers and spectators.
Agility is far more important than physical strength.
Agility is fun, exciting and rewarding.
Agility is fun.
Agility is gracefulness
Agility is great fun for both the handler and the dog.
Agility is gross motor control.
Agility is important for defense, control, and restraint of hostile inmates.
Agility is important for the reaching and climbing necessary for the job.
Agility is important.
Agility is key in today's economy.
Agility is like falling in love with change.
Agility is like life, there's always another obstacle.
Agility is like obedience in that exhibitors can make it as competitive as they wish.
Agility is like running through an obstacle course.
Agility is necessary, but it is reactive.
Agility is no exception.
Agility is open to any dog of any breed or cross.
Agility is particularly good for dogs with a shy temperament, as they gain confidence so quickly.
Agility is recess.
Agility is similar to show jumping but on a smaller scale with dogs.
Agility is taught using positive reinforcement.
Agility is the ability of friendly forces to act faster than the enemy.
Agility is the ability to change direction quickly without loss of speed or control.
Agility is the ability to change directions quickly while maintaining good balance.
Agility is the ability to change directions while maintaining balance, body control and speed.
Agility is the ability to change directions while maintaining balance, body control, and speed.
Agility is the ability to change speed and direction rapidly without losing balance.
Agility is the ability to maintain balance and speed while making directional changes.
Agility is the ability to quickly and efficiently change body position and direction.
Agility is the battlefield.
Agility is the deciding factor in many matches.
Agility is the deliberate, strategic response for survival in today's market conditions.
Agility is the fastest-growing canine sport in the United States.
Agility is the most critical stat for any survival hunter.
Agility is the most underdeveloped area in athletics.
Agility is the only place they are accepted.
Agility is today's priority.
Agility is truly an enjoyable activity for a Briard.
Agility is what the monk does best, avoid damage.
Agility lowers the damage they take in combat.
Agility means readily able to move quickly and easily, lightness and swiftness of action.
Agility now has a direct impact on hitting and dodging in combat.
Agility permits the rapid concentration of combat power against the enemy's vulner-abilities.
Agility really seems to be suited to their natural abilities as sporting dogs.
Agility requires flexible organizations and quick-minded, flexible leaders.
Agility requires several skills, only one of which is executing each obstacle correctly.
Agility requires that the dog be off leash, and yet still be under control.
Agility requires that the dog learn to negotiate particular obstacles.
Agility responds to rapidly adding or creating value.
AgInfoNet sponsors receive quite a bit more than a banner.
Agism is discrimination
Agism is structurally operative by enforcement of mandatory retirement age.
Agitated cheaters scum dabbler.
Agitated feelings are good clues to unexpressed anger.
Agitated ladies ambush a parked car.
Agitated passages depict the murder.
Agitated students hold demonstrations which often degenerate into violence and destruction.
Agitated students leap from their desks.
Agitation also helps prevent over-exposure to the sun.
Agitation alternating with lethargy is common.
Agitation can also be an issue in solid-liquid PTC systems.
Agitation can also have negative effects on people with dementia and their families.
Agitation can cause some fluids to change their viscosity.
Agitation can come on suddenly or gradually.
Agitation can help to release additional spores.
Agitation can occur when the lines are turned off for repairs or when a water line breaks.
Agitation caused by propellers and waves seems to be undermining building foundations.
Agitation causes a little to come up around the edges.
Agitation conducts the discussion with bourgeois ideologies and ideas.
Agitation continues uninterrupted during both heating and cooling.
Agitation distributes the crystal forming nuclei and hastens crystallization.
Agitation goes away.
Agitation helps to speed and achieve even development and prevent spotting or staining.
Agitation is a common side effect.
Agitation is a mental condition
Agitation is a very difficult situation for families and nursing home workers.
Agitation is a very useful tool.
Agitation is accomplished mechanically.
Agitation is disturbances.
Agitation is done exactly as above.
Agitation is feelings.
Agitation is motion.
Agitation is necessary to keep SPs and WPs in suspension.
Agitation is needed occasionally to keep solids from building up in the storage.
Agitation is on.
Agitation is provided by recirculation during processing.
Agitation is recommended during mixing to insure complete mixing of spray ingredients.
Agitation is required to provide oxygen to the water.
Agitation is the first child of prosperity and education.
Agitation is the other half.
Agitation is the physical act of scrubbing the carpets.
Agitation is turbulence.
Agitation is used to provide water action removing soil and dirt in top loaders.
Agitation keeps still others awake all night.
Agitation keeps the solution uniform throughout and avoids uneven development.
Agitation loosens the oil and grease.
Agitation occurs inside the tank, combining ingredients into a sprayable slurry.
Agitation produces pockets of low pressure where gas bubbles can form.
Agitation produces worry and anxiety.
Agitation releases strong odors.
Agitation then breaks the films into sphere.
Agitators are troublemakers.
Agitators can also provide back-up aeration for emergency situations.
Agitators hanging from the roof mix the effluent.
An agitator is a person
Most agitators have several projections called fins.
Aglets are braids.
Aglets are part of shoelaces.
Aglets are sheaths.
Aglets use an event-driven model and event listener objects to listen for aglet mobility events.
Aglets use an event-driven model to listen for aglet mobility events.
Aglets uses an event driven model of mobile agents.
An aglet is a sheath
Agnates are often neighbours.
Agnates are relatives.
Agnates generally live together in their own wards within a city, town, or village.
Agnates have special responsibilities to assist at marriages.
An agnate is a relative
Agnathans possess no paired fins , a single nostril, and a two-chambered heart.
An agnathan is a vertebrate
Agnatic brother includes both germane and consanguine brother.
AgNIC members plan to continue expanding the subject-area coverage and attract new members.
Agnosia can also result from a stroke.
Agnosia can result from strokes, dementia, or other neurological disorders.
Agnosia is the generic term for the inability to perceive certain sensory stimuli.
Agnosia is usually the result of some form of brain trauma.
Agnosia typically effects only a single sensory modality, vision being the most common.
Agnosias are brain disorder.
Agnosias are diseases.
An agnosia is a brain disease
Agnostic followers are always allies of the church.
Agnostics are people.
Agnostics are religionists.
Agnostics are typically people who approach life theoretically and justify their behavior.
Agnostics believe differently.
Agnostics come in all colors, shapes, and sizes.
Agnostics defy the binary of western culture religion.
Agnostics question whether light bulbs really exist.
An agnostic is a religious person
Most agnostics disagree , they think their view is different from atheism .
Agnosticism denies that there is a revelation, and therefore denies the Bible.
Agnosticism is a milder form of gnosticism.
Agnosticism is a much more reasonable human state.
Agnosticism is a reasonable formal position, but IMO a useless functional position.
Agnosticism is a religious orientation
Agnosticism is an intellectual disease and feeds on snobbery.
Agnosticism is important in big cities, especially Montevideo.
Agnosticism is really in the end, self-defeating.
Agnosticism is surely the safest of all non-religions.
Agnosticism is unbelief.
Agnosticism is untenable.
Agnosticism necessarily means nothing.
Agnostid trilobites are also common in the quarry, but none appear to have appendages preserved.
Most agonal respirations are deep and slow, with a snoring quality.
Agonist muscles are the prime movers which contract to start the movement.
Agonist muscles produce the primary movement or series of movements through their own contractions.
Agonist muscles shorten with contraction to produce a movement.
Agonists activate a receptor to achieve their effect.
Agonists activate a receptor while antagonists inhibit the receptor.
Agonists are chemical agents which stimulate a certain kind of response.
Agonists are chemicals that bind to and stimulate opiate receptors.
Agonists are contestants.
Agonists are drugs.
Agonists produce a response, while antagonists block response to natural epinephrine.
Agonists produce most of the force needed for a movement.
An agonist is a muscle
All agonists produce a similar maximum response.
Agonistic behavior accounts for the spacing of burrows in populations.
Agonistic behavior occurs between siblings.
Agonistic behavior takes the form of displays, body pushing and rubbing, as well as boxing.
Agonistic interaction is accompanied by hissing and blowing sounds.
Agonizing decisions can affect an individual for years to come.
Agora plans to offer e-commerce opportunities next year.
Agora profiles three young postgraduate students who are the next generation of leaders.
Agora replaces old-fashioned and costly software repositories.
Agora specializes in site design, Internet-based research, strategic planning and online marketing.
Agoras are marketplaces.
An agora is an unit
All agora accounts also allow a user to have their own personal web space area.
Agoraphobia also tends to be more difficult to control compared to simple phobias.
Agoraphobia can also lead to depression .
Agoraphobia can have a crippling influence on day to day functioning.
Agoraphobia can occur either with or without panic disorder.
Agoraphobia can occur with or without panic disorder, defined below.
Agoraphobia describes the fear of going places.
Agoraphobia has a big physical aspect to it.
Agoraphobia has no place in the car shopping and negotiation process.
Agoraphobia involves a tendency to avoid the places and situations that trigger panic attacks.
Agoraphobia is a classical conditioning that can be reversed and become trustworthy again.
Agoraphobia is a learned behavior pattern which is probably located in the frontal cortex.
Agoraphobia is a type of anxiety disorder.
Agoraphobia is a very distressing condition.
Agoraphobia is an anxiety disorder.
Agoraphobia is an incapacitating anxiety that can restrict people to their homes.
Agoraphobia is diagnosed more often in women than in men.
Agoraphobia is especially common in children with panic disorder.
Agoraphobia is found to be three times more prevalent in women than in men.
Agoraphobia is made up of two fears.
Agoraphobia is more common than panic disorder.
Agoraphobia is often misunderstood by laypeople as merely being a fear of open spaces.
Agoraphobia is responsive to both therapeutic and medical treatment.
Agoraphobia is severely chronic, and the problem is most hurtful to the sufferer.
Agoraphobia is the fear of open spaces.
Agoraphobia is three times more likely to be diagnosed in women than in men.
Agoraphobia is usually a combination of several phobias.
Agoraphobia means literally fear of open spaces.
Agoraphobia occurs as a result of the panic disorder.
Agoraphobia seems to be a problem, to one degree or another, with many psychics.
Agoraphobia seems to run in families to some extent.
Agoraphobia starts with a feeling of anxiety that intensifies into a full-blown panic attack.
Agoraphobia tends to self perpetuate just like any other conditioning process.
Agoraphobia typically begins during the late teens or twenties.
Agoraphobias are anxiety disorder.
Agoraphobias are diseases.
Agoraphobias are phobia.
An agoraphobia is anxiety disorder
Agoraphobia usually occurs in conjunction with panic attacks.
Agoraphobia usually starts with panic reactions coming 'out of the blue'.
Agoraphobia usually starts with physical stress signals coming 'out of the blue'.
Agoraphobic carriers are very insecure in operation.
Agouti also occurs in dogs, although it's fairly uncommon in most breeds.
Agouti can recognize the sound when fruit is falling to the ground.
Agouti has excellent sense of smell which is used to detect predators.
Agouti has longer hair on the rear end of the body.
Agouti increases insulin sensitivity and fat accumulation.
Agouti isa rodent.
Agouti lives in family groups composed of mating couple and their offspring.
Agouti looks like a close relative of guinea pig.
Agouti only applies to the banding on the coat.
Agouti regulates adipocyte transcription factors.
Agouti signalling peptide adopts an inhibitor cystine knot motif.
Agouti takes a rest and hides from predators in the burrows or hollow trees.
Agouties also emit a very strong odor.
Agoutis are rodents.
Agoutis enter territory.
Agoutis have (part) brains.
Agoutis have (part) breasts.
Agoutis have (part) cell membranes.
Agoutis have (part) cells.
Agoutis have (part) chest cavities.
Agoutis have (part) chests.
Agoutis have (part) corpi.
Agoutis have (part) cytoplasm.
Agoutis have (part) ears.
Agoutis have (part) faces.
Agoutis have (part) heads.
Agoutis have (part) nuclei.
Agoutis have (part) pedal extremities.
Agoutis have (part) piluses.
Agoutis have (part) plasma membranes.
Agoutis have (part) rib cages.
Agoutis have (part) sections.
Agoutis have (part) skulls.
Agoutis have (part) sterna.
Agoutis have (part) vacuoles.
Agoutis have (part) vertebrate feet.
Agoutis have mouths.
Agoutis live in areas.
Agoutis live in habitats.
An agouti is a mammal
Agouti sometimes acts like a gardener of forests.
Every agouti has a signature.
Agranulocytosis can occur.
Agranulocytosis is thought to be induced by dipyrone and aminopyrine via an immune reaction.
An agranulocytosis is blood disorder
Agrarian cultivation multiplys rapidly.
Agrarian liberalism is another term, or Jeffersonian liberalism.
Agrarian reform benefiting women is a growing trend.
Agrarian reform ends privileged position of Muslim land owners in Bosnia.
Agrarian reform is barely a joke.
Agrarian reform is one of the fundamental factors for achieving well-being in rural areas.
Agrarian societies depend on the cultivation of fixed plots of land.
Agrarian societies tend to be cyclical, and industrial societies are linear.
Agreat site keep up the good work.
Agreeable employees stay.
Agreement addresses ownership of intellectual or proprietary information.
Agreement addresses safe trade in plants, animals and food products.
Agreement allocates responsibilities for development and ongoing financial responsibility.
Agreement also appears close on new controls on chemical pollution.
Agreement also has yet to be reached on PCBs, dioxins, and furans.
Agreement also is good for fields aligned with the -axis.
Agreement appears hard to come by.
Agreement becomes bind documents.
Agreement becomes documents.
Agreement becomes less likely.
Agreement begin Basin until any age since whatever absence.
Agreement calls for two independent witnesses to sign.
Agreement can apply to cases other than proposals, as shown in the two examples below.
Agreement can be difficult.
Agreement can be on any basis, including supply of whole production for distribution in Europe.
Agreement can involve a group, or an individual.
Agreement can take a great variety of forms including agreeing on a plurality of standards.
Agreement ceases there.
Agreement click here .
Agreement comes from a counter-intuitive direction, the department of historical performance.
Agreement contains the entire agreement between the member and the administrators.
Agreement covers patents, copyrights, and trademarks.
Agreement enables hauliers and coach operators to operate between UK and Ukraine.
Agreement ends over whether all layers grow together, or one atop the other.
Agreement ends two years of negotiation over differences in domestic data protection.
Agreement exists until terminated.
Agreement governs use.
Agreement has enough information.
Agreement has information.
Agreement has several rate options which provide for borrowings at prime or at a lower rate.
Agreement has the same effect as a treaty on state power.
Agreement heightens U.S. concerns that China is assisting Iranian nuclear programs.
Agreement here is possible between atheism and religion.
Agreement includes a mechanism for termination or amendment of the agreement.
Agreement includes fees for processing permits and support for observer program.
Agreement includes joint research and consulting activities.
Agreement includes restrictions.
Agreement inevitably involves compromises.
Agreement is a friend of fear and the enemy of independent thought.
Agreement is a statement
Agreement is all that is permitted.
Agreement is an important first step in reversing poor performance.
Agreement is at the sub-decimeter level.
Agreement is based on trust.
Agreement is based upon improvement for the employee and loss to the unit.
Agreement is best for properties of the dark matter and worst for the total X-ray luminosity.
Agreement is binding.
Agreement is close.
Agreement is compatibility.
Agreement is computed during the first stage.
Agreement is confirmed by signatures of occupants and landlord.
Agreement is crucial.
Agreement is defined as an offer and acceptance of that offer.
Agreement is essential.
Agreement is excellent throughout the range of racial composition.
Agreement is far from certain.
Agreement is found to be good.
Agreement is good in many of the outer and middle-harbor areas.
Agreement is good, although some discrepancy between prediction and experiment remains.
Agreement is good.
Agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia.
Agreement is harmony.
Agreement is imminent.
Agreement is in sight.
Agreement is less important than understanding.
Agreement is likened to the confluence, or merging, of two rivers.
Agreement is limited.
Agreement is made in the form of a purchase order and acknowledgment thereof or a contract form.
Agreement is needed for a standard approach for making comprehensive evaluations.
Agreement is non-exclusive.
Agreement is obtained with the employee regarding the final evaluation and ratings.
Agreement is one of the requirements of a valid contract.
Agreement is planning.
Agreement is possible only between equals.
Agreement is quite good.
Agreement is reached about price, quality, and delivery dates.
Agreement is reached during the process, or else parties move straight to impasse procedures.
Agreement is reached on a set of realistic and challenging performance expectations.
Agreement is reached on the border between Greece and the Ottoman Empire.
Agreement is reached on the terms of reference of the intervention.
Agreement is reached regarding economic definition of initial clusters.
Agreement is reached when the parties positions converge.
Agreement is reached with a consensus rather than majority vote.
Agreement is renewed every five years.
Agreement is reviewed by appropriate officials of both organizations.
Agreement is signed at an international arms control and trade convention in Geneva.
Agreement is signed by both parties.
Agreement is signed by the faculty member.
Agreement is speech acts.
Agreement is statements.
Agreement is still some way off, however.
Agreement is still within reach.
Agreement is the agreement between an employer and an area school concerning a project.
Agreement is the extent to which all earnings estimates are being revised in the same direction.
Agreement is the framework of our power.
Agreement is the power of life.
Agreement is the protection of the basic human rights of everyone in Northern Ireland.
Agreement is the signature that legitimizes actions.
Agreement is therefore difficult to reach over research parameters and units of comparison.
Agreement is to be silent on subject.
Agreement is unsigned.
Agreement is usually instinctive in native English speakers.
Agreement is wise, efficient, and amicable.
Agreement isa statement.
Agreement makes college possible for more students.
Agreement making is now the focus of the Australian workplace relations system.
Agreement matches interactive content creator with television platform.
Agreement means an explicit or tacit understanding.
Agreement means compromise.
Agreement means for developing countries.
Agreement means the agreement between the company and the state.
Agreement moves one closer to the next major thoughtmark.
Agreement opens the door.
Agreement permits nations to restrict imports in the name of health or environmental protection.
Agreement processes in sentence comprehension.
Agreement protects valid existing rights and permittees.
Agreement provides a yearly forum for discussion of issues of mutual interest.
Agreement provides an period of exclusive rights for development.
Agreement provides for activities, such as faculty and student exchanges or joint research.
Agreement provides for exchange of library materials.
Agreement provides for the disposition of property upon termination or amendment of the agreement.
Agreement provides immediate revenue to fledgling online operation.
Agreement refers to the entire bargain of the parties.
Agreement remains controversial.
Agreement remains in effect until expiration.
Agreement removes some controls on capital.
Agreement requires actions.
Agreement requires court actions.
Agreement requires the present five to accept a dilution of their powers.
Agreement sets the tone of understanding and is used to define the role of each partner.
Agreement speaks for itself.
Agreement stops there.
Agreement surround onto whatever cap however sweep etonic difference golf shoe prices.
Agreement takes places.
Agreement threatens exactly the people needed to make it work.
Agreements allow for sharing of equipment resources.
Agreements are adaptable.
Agreements are also available to handle periodic service cleaning and hardware checks.
Agreements are also conditional and unconditional.
Agreements are also possible under which credit can be earned at multiple community colleges.
Agreements are available in .pdf format.
Agreements are available in the forms box.
Agreements are available on request.
Agreements are basic to virtually everything that happens in our lives every day.
Agreements are cancelable with a thirty-day notice.
Agreements are common in law and business.
Agreements are confidential unless otherwise specified.
Agreements are consistent with land use and water supply planning.
Agreements are cooperation devices for regulating and resolving competition and conflict.
Agreements are enforceable without consideration.
Agreements are fine.
Agreements are in effect with the following countries.
Agreements are in place for coal cleaning plants in India and Poland as well.
Agreements are in place for institutions listed below.
Agreements are in place with Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, and Slovakia.
Agreements are in place with contractors to repair anticipate damage to highway riprap.
Agreements are in place with Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.
Agreements are in writing and enforced by the court.
Agreements are often in the form of options.
Agreements are often null and void once a computer changes hands.
Agreements are often shorter and more flexible than in joint tenancies.
Agreements are only as good as the piece of paper they are written on.
Agreements are open to the State Geologic Surveys.
Agreements are pending at both areas.
Agreements are possible to be made with other libraries too.
Agreements are project specific.
Agreements are specific guidelines, agreed to by all meeting participants.
Agreements are still in process.
Agreements are subject to one year.
Agreements are subject to review and adjustment.
Agreements are the basis for trust in a relationship.
Agreements are the most powerful forces in the universe.
Agreements are under review with two others.
Agreements are valid and binding on both parties.
Agreements are voluntary .
Agreements are voluntary.
Agreements are with manufactures.
Agreements awaiting ratification are Botswana, Namibia, Rumania and Yugoslavia.
Agreements can also deal with payment during training.
Agreements can also include an annual guaranteed minimum fixed payment per wind turbine.
Agreements can also involve hosting, bandwidth provision or other technological assistance.
Agreements can also provide clear and consistent employment conditions.
Agreements can be in many different forms.
Agreements can be verbal or written.
Agreements can cover reciprocal services or direct payment for services.
Agreements can include maintenance, installation and emergency provisions.
Agreements can include such things as payment of school fees or mortgage as well as cash payments.
Agreements can involve monetary restitution.
Agreements Click here for the most recently signed agreements.
Agreements cover species which are most likely to be listed in the near future.
Agreements cover streamflows, conservation, reclaimed water, and interties.
Agreements exist with several jurisdictions.
Agreements focus on peacemaking behavior.
Agreements have a broader relevance in a range of public contexts.
Agreements Identify potential problem areas before entering a buy-sell agreement.
Agreements influence our perception of reality.
Agreements made in electronic form, such as online contracts, are specifically enforceable.
Agreements Meet weekly at prearranged time No interruptions.
Agreements Minimize the number of moving parts at first.
Agreements outline the purpose, form, schedule and administration of gifts.
Agreements prevent disagreements.
Agreements provide for payment of expenses and fees for services rendered.
Agreements re patent protection are a good example.
Agreements Read about our certificate practices and procedures.
Agreements require evaluation.
Agreements tend to be more sustainable since there is room in mediation for a win-win solution.
Agreements vary from college to college.
Agreements vary per publisher.
Agreements void unless in writing.
Agreement always is unanimous.
All agreements are available to browsers on the world-wide web.
All agreements are final and non-rescindable.
All agreements are for single site licenses.
All agreements are for the record at hand.
All agreements are in plain text format.
All agreements are indefinitely subject to readjustment by the politically more powerful party.
All agreements are strictly between buyer and seller.
All agreements are subject to advertising price changes without notice.
All agreements are subject to approval.
All agreements are subject to revisions.
All agreements are subject to the annual maximum exclusion allowance calculation.
All agreements are verbal.
All agreements contingent upon accidents or delays beyond our control.
All agreements listed, though, include contact information or links to related Internet sites.
All agreements prohibit anyone other than authorized users from using the licensed products.
Any agreement is a compromise.
Any agreement is also likely to become something of a benchmark deal.
Any agreement is subject to approval by the federal judge overseeing the case.
Any agreement reached between parties concerning their individual concerns is binding.
Any agreements are strictly between the buyer and the owner.
Any agreements are the sole responsibility of the buyer and seller.
Any agreements are to be direct between the parties concerned.
Any agreements are to be in writing.
Many agreements often fail to clearly spell out associate or cost-sharing arrangements.
Many agreements have a term for a specific period of time.
Many agreements keep such details confidential.
Many agreements provide ambiguous pricing terms.
More agreements are currently in negotiation.
More agreements are on the way.
More agreements are presently in their planning stages.
More agreements are under negotiation.
Most agreement becomes bind documents.
Most agreement becomes documents.
Most agreement has enough information.
Most agreement has information.
Most agreement includes restrictions.
Most agreement requires actions.
Most agreement requires court actions.
Most agreement takes places.
Most agreements are non-exclusive.
Most agreements are on forms, so little thinking happens and big problems occur.
Most agreements begin with a six month lease.
Most agreements carry production requirements, which vary according to market.
Most agreements grant access to authorized users for educational, research and personal use.
Most agreements have anti-spam provisions.
Most agreements have two-year firm prices.
Most agreements involve small numbers and part time labor utilizing otherwise empty facilities.
Most agreements range five years in length.
Most agreements say the landlord does the major repairs and the tenant does the minor repairs.
Most agreements specify regular weekly or monthly payments until the full amount is repaid.
Some agreement concerns methodologies.
Some agreement is reached on the improvements to be made in the decision-making progress.
Some agreements also identify the liability of the provider and the recipient.
Some agreements also provide for a sunset clause.
Some agreements are available here .
Some agreements are per se illegal, however.
Some agreements contain financial aid incentives.
Some agreements divide the equity in the property.
Some agreements go further.
Some agreements have an additional provisions clause.
Some agreements have CPU limits so high as to be considered site licenses.
Some agreements impose a moratorium on all publications for, say, two years.
Some agreements let the software maker perform highly invasive scans of the user's system.
Some agreements merely refer to a grant of all rights of whatsoever nature.
Some agreements require a central contact.
Some agreements require a deposit, while others require a lump sum to be paid at the end.
Some agreements require prior consent before ratification and expressed in the statute.
Some agreements restrict the use of software to certain equipment.
Some agreements stipulate translations of selected articles or the complete journals.
Agregar el tomate, chile y cebolla.
Agressive mimicry favors aggression and offers a measure of protection from certain enemies.
Agressive mode is slightly faster, but reveals more information to an eavesdropper.
Agressive traders can buy pullbacks on the hourly charts, which are in a nice steady uptrend.
Agribusiness addresses the range of operations and management practices related to agriculture.
Agribusiness buys from the farmer wholesale and sells back to the farmer at retail.
Agribusiness comprises the largest portion of the U.S. economy.
Agribusiness dominates the local economy, with poultry and egg production particularly important.
Agribusiness eliminates family farms and small towns.
Agribusiness finds more items to recycle.
Agribusiness generates additional billions of dollars for the Wisconsin economy.
Agribusiness is a diverse discipline.
Agribusiness is a growing industry, providing opportunities related to every business field.
Agribusiness is a leading employer of women in developing countries.
Agribusiness is a mainstay of the local economy.
Agribusiness is a major player in the central Illinois economy.
Agribusiness is a major recipient of welfare subsidies.
Agribusiness is a strongly rooted tradition in Weld County.
Agribusiness is an important part of that strong economy.
Agribusiness is comprised of three areas.
Agribusiness Is Everybody's Business'.
Agribusiness is just one part of that mold.
Agribusiness is more business than agri.
Agribusiness is more economics than science, although science happens.
Agribusiness is New York's number one industry.
Agribusiness is on board, too.
Agribusiness is one of the most profitable sectors of the U.S. economy today.
Agribusiness is our specialty .
Agribusiness is serious business.
Agribusiness is the career destination for many.
Agribusiness is the second locomotive of Chile's economic growth.
Agribusiness is the study of business and economic aspects of the agricultural sector.
Agribusiness is the study of the business and economics of agribusiness firms.
Agribusiness is the term given to the food and fibre industries.
Agribusiness is the world's biggest and most important industry.
Agribusiness is, after all, North Carolinas number one industry.
Agribusiness prepares students for employment in agribusiness management.
Agribusiness produces food only at the cost of losing family farming and farm communities.
Agribusiness Promote the interests of members working in or with the agribusiness community.
Agribusiness provides a considerable amount of information to Alabama pork producers.
Agribusiness pumps millions of dollars into the economy each year.
Agribusiness remains strong, particularly in management and research.
Agribusiness routinely feeds antibiotics to animals to promote quicker growth and fatter profits.
Agribusiness tends to be family oriented.
Agribusinesses are commercial enterprises.
Agribusinesses have their roots in the plantation system.
An agribusiness is business
Many agribusiness are here due to the long history of Memphis and agriculutre.
Most agribusinesses tend to be large corporations.
Agricultrual work is exempt.
Agricultural activities add significantly to the human-caused fire risk.
Agricultural activities are generally primitive.
Agricultural activities are the main source of phosphorus pollution in the lake.
Agricultural activities are the principal sources of nutrients in the basin.
Agricultural activities can damage habitat and stream channels.
Agricultural activities can potentially conflict with neighbouring uses.
Agricultural activities influence the boundaries of forests and deserts.
Agricultural activities play a vital role in the economic structure.
Agricultural activities serve as the engine of job creation in rural America.
Agricultural activities take place mainly along the coastline.
Agricultural activity is affected by climatic factors, and the yield is poor.
Agricultural activity is almost nonexistent.
Agricultural activity is another important source of emissions.
Agricultural activity is concentrated along the coastal belt where most of the population resides.
Agricultural activity is excluded from the new law.
Agricultural activity is oriented towards fast moving consumer products and the agro-food industry.
Agricultural activity is the main cause of destruction.
Many agricultural activities affect air quality.
Some agricultural activities add nitrate nitrogen and pesticides to groundwater.
Some agricultural activities contribute to degradations.
Some agricultural activities provide habitats.
Some agricultural activities provide suitable habitats.
Some agricultural activities result in destruction.
Agricultural advances are also part of the Muslim legacy.
Agricultural advances mean that foods once considered luxuries are now plentiful.
Agricultural ammonia is transported, stored and handled in pressurized tanks.
Agricultural application is an especially exciting possibility.
Agricultural applications require positioning at sub-meter precisions, most often in real time.
Agricultural appraisal lowers the value of land owned by qualified farmers and ranchers.
Agricultural areas are east of the site.
Agricultural areas are important for a healthy environment.
Agricultural areas contribute pesticides, nitrogen, and phosphorus to streams and ground water.
Agricultural areas make up a large portion of the state.
Agricultural areas post some of the highest percentages of students enrolled in bilingual education.
Most agricultural areas have, at best, six inches of topsoil.
Some agricultural areas are colored light pink.
Some agricultural areas have abundances.
Some agricultural areas have high abundances.
Some agricultural areas have insect abundances.
Agricultural awareness is the understanding of agriculture in a broad sense.
Agricultural background is a plus.
Agricultural biodiversity is a vital sub-set of biodiversity.
Agricultural biotech can help.
Agricultural biotech is focused on finding solutions.
Agricultural biotechnology has enormous potential.
Agricultural biotechnology holds promise for a hungry and ecologically fragile world.
Agricultural biotechnology is a significant and growing contributor to the western economy.
Agricultural biotechnology is already a thriving industry.
Agricultural biotechnology is an area where growth is outpacing that of nearly all other fields.
Agricultural biotechnology is one of the most promising developments in modern science.
Agricultural biotechnology is probably the most contentious food issue facing the UK and Europe.
Agricultural biotechnology is seen as the domain of big-name multinational corporations.
Agricultural biotechnology is the use of plant or animal products in order to enhance products.
Agricultural biotechnology offers a way to stop the suffering. . . .
Agricultural biotechnology offers a way to stop the suffering.
Agricultural biotechnology offers benefits to consumers, farmers and the environment.
Agricultural biotechnology reduces our dependence on pesticides.
Agricultural cargo is defined as perishable cargo.
Agricultural chemicals affect health.
Agricultural chemicals affect human health.
Agricultural chemicals exert a subtle but pervasive influence on prairie wetlands.
Agricultural chemicals flow into reivers, and it pollutes ground water and ocean.
Agricultural chemicals poison our soils and our waters and harm people.
Agricultural chemicals remain necessary although concerns about environmental impacts are growing.
Most agricultural chemicals affect health.
Most agricultural chemicals affect human health.
Agricultural chemists work in a wide range of occupations in public and private enterprises.
Agricultural chemists work in labs or test fields and waterways.
All agricultural classes count as elective classes only.
Most agricultural colleges offer computer courses.
Agricultural commerce is also responsible for the pest's spread.
Agricultural commerce is the study of business and agriculture.
Many agricultural commodities can be stored, that is placed in inventory.
Many agricultural commodities remain subject to various marketing restrictions.
Some agricultural commodities have inherent problems.
Some agricultural commodities have problems.
Agricultural communications is a rapidly growing discipline nationwide.
Agricultural communities surround the park.
Agricultural concentration is a difficult and emotionally charged issue.
Agricultural concentration is generally on cash grain crops and livestock.
Agricultural conditions remain dry in many areas.
Agricultural conditions vary markedly from the south to the north.
Agricultural contaminants are an exception to the way Wisconsin regulates groundwater pollution.
Agricultural cooperatives are the most visible farmer organizations in rural areas.
Agricultural counsellors have to use other ways to acquire or estimate the data.
Agricultural credit is deemed to belong in a group by itself as the leading priority.
Agricultural crop drying is usually a good use for solar radiation.
Agricultural crops are abundant, especially peaches and apples.
Agricultural crops are distinct in terms of the amount of nutrients they take from the soil.
Agricultural crops become more important during winter.
Agricultural crops consist mainly of hay, alfalfa seed, barley, wheat, and potatoes.
Agricultural crops depend very largely on the supply of manure.
Agricultural crops get government subsidies.
Agricultural crops have use.
Agricultural crops occur in fields.
Agricultural crops produce potatoes, barley, oats, alfalfa and mint.
Agricultural crops provide basic food.
Agricultural crops provide food.
Most agricultural crops occur in fields.
Most agricultural crops provide basic food.
Most agricultural crops provide food.
Agricultural cultures involve more bestiality than manufacturing cultures.
Agricultural customers can increase water efficiency economically with the following resources.
Agricultural databases take time to accumulate.
Agricultural development depends on the creation of a suitable road network.
Agricultural development is a longer-term concept.
Agricultural development is also a goal.
Agricultural development is crucial to poverty reduction.
Agricultural development is part of the entire complex issue of sustainable development.
Agricultural development offers the best path to overall economic growth in low-income countries.
Agricultural development takes places.
Most agricultural development takes places.
Some agricultural development causes fragmentation.
Some agricultural development leads to alteration.
Agricultural districts help create a critical mass of land to keep farming viable.
Agricultural districts help stabilize the land base at low public cost.
Agricultural diversification is a goal and coffee, sheep and cattle are being tried.
Agricultural drought happens after meteorological drought but before hydrological drought.
Agricultural drought refers to factors related to irrigation and soil moisture.
Agricultural droughts are droughts that affect crop production or the ecology of the range .
Agricultural economists agree with the concept of long-term rotations and further diversification.
Agricultural economists see another year of gloom for hay growers.
Some agricultural economists compete well for research grants.
Agricultural education can be formal and high-brow.
Agricultural education is an important part of the picture.
Agricultural education is much more than that.
Agricultural education is supported by some the largest businesses and industries in Oklahoma.
Agricultural educators pride themselves on developing quality initiatives in a timely manner.
Agricultural elements surround southern sections.
Agricultural employers can cut payroll costs in two ways.
Most agricultural employers are honest, kind, fair, and understanding.
Agricultural employment is also significant from surrounding mixed farms and blueberry harvesting.
Agricultural endeavors can be major non-point sources of Bay pollution.
Agricultural engineers are engineers.
Agricultural engineers are in increasing demand.
Agricultural engineers are workers.
Agricultural engineers design agricultural machinery and systems.
Agricultural engineers do many things to improve farm products.
Agricultural engineers go underground to study impact of water on Tennessee roads.
Agricultural engineers perfect mechanical cucumber harvestor.
Agricultural engineers work both indoors in offices and labs and outdoors in the field.
Agricultural engineering is a unique combination of the physical and biological sciences.
Agricultural engineering is great because there is lots of learning through hands on work.
Agricultural enterprises are ineligible.
Agricultural enterprises exhibit what is called an L-shaped average cost curve.
Agricultural enterprises produce poultry and dairy products, karakul sheep, and fish.
Agricultural enterprises show much closer links with other industries such as tourism.
Many agricultural enterprises can profit from the addition of a strategically placed windbreak.
Agricultural entomologists work to protect valuable crops from insect pests.
Agricultural entomology pertains to the study of insects as they affect food, feed, and fiber crops.
All agricultural equipment requires an SMV emblem.
Agricultural ethics provides such a common framework or language.
Agricultural Events Check out the many agricultural displays.
Agricultural exemptions can result in a good investment when urban sprawl swallows an enterprise.
Agricultural expansion supports more people, living in sedentary villages.
Agricultural experts train people to produce food more effectively and economically.
Agricultural exports are a significant contributor to the nation's economic health.
Agricultural exports are also up.
Agricultural exports consist mainly of lemons, apples, bananas and potatoes.
Agricultural exports constitute a fifth of the total exports of the country.
Agricultural exports provide enough income to pay for any necessary food imports.
Agricultural extension faces a series of management and professional conflicts and crises.
Agricultural fairs celebrate the abundance of fall.
Agricultural fairs have specific criteria mostly related to promoting agriculture.
Some agricultural farms use pesticide.
Agricultural fatalities make agriculture one of the deadliest industries in the United States.
Agricultural fertilizer contains phosphorus.
Agricultural fertilizer contains potassium.
Agricultural fertilizers are the main source of nitrate in ground water.
Agricultural fertilizers are the main source of nutrient pollution in downstate Illinois.
Most agricultural fertilizer contains phosphorus.
Most agricultural fertilizer contains potassium.
Some agricultural fertilizer contains chloride.
Some agricultural fertilizer contains potassium chloride.
Agricultural festivals are diverse.
Agricultural festivals celebrating New Mexico's chile, cheese and nuts are examples.
Agricultural fields are visible in the background.
Agricultural fields provide the drainage basins for on-farm uses of water.
Many agricultural fields are visible as a patchwork pattern east of the bay.
Most agricultural fields appear to have been spared from large-scale erosion.
Some agricultural fields provide sources.
Agricultural firms are certainly concerned about weakening demand for U.S. food exports.
Agricultural flooding begins.
Agricultural fragmentation appears to be relatively minor.
Agricultural funding takes a very small portion of total tax dollars.
Agricultural geneticists work in greenhouses or at experimental farms.
Agricultural genomics is the key to unlocking the relationship between genes and specific traits.
Agricultural goods are now Kenya's third largest merchandise export.
Agricultural graduates view their chosen field as a profession.
Some agricultural graduates opt to work overseas, especially in developing countries.
Agricultural growth is essential for economic growth in most low-income developing countries.
Agricultural growth is essential to economic growth in most developing countries.
Agricultural hemp is an amazing source of sustainable and non-toxic fibers, oils, and fuels.
Agricultural implements decorate the walls.
Agricultural imports are often the only cost-effective solution.
Agricultural improvement increases human carry capacity.
Most agricultural improvement increases human carry capacity.
Agricultural income is the second most important source of income.
Most agricultural ingredients used by food processors are available as organic.
Agricultural inputs are in the same class as inputs for any other manufacture industry.
Agricultural insurance is a specialized field and policies vary widely.
Agricultural interests represent a very small portion of the total U.S. population.
Many agricultural investments involve pooling money from numerous people.
Agricultural irrigation is much more prevalent in the arid Western United States than in the East.
Agricultural irrigation is the most common way to use reclaimed water.
Agricultural irrigation uses two-thirds of the world's supply of developed water.
Agricultural issues are a concern of both candidates, as well.
Agricultural issues remain critical.
Many agricultural issues face our living lakes.
Agricultural jobs are seasonal, however.
Agricultural jobs are the most dangerous in the world.
Agricultural labor is done by men in the lowlands and by women in the highlands.
Agricultural labourers are scarce, and get ready employment at good wages.
An agricultural labourer is a laborer
Agricultural land abuts the west side and across the road on part of the east side.
Agricultural land abuts to about half of the eastern boundary and across the river on the west side.
Agricultural land can actually suffer from the destruction of the surrounding landscape.
Agricultural land comprises two groupings pasture and cropland.
Agricultural land continues to replace valuable steppe, wetland, and forest ecosystems.
Agricultural land dominates, on which the predominant crop is corn.
Agricultural land has a special valuation methodology.
Agricultural land improves our air quality, as well as our drinking water supply.
Agricultural land includes arable land, permanent crops, and permanent pasture.
Agricultural land includes woodland and wasteland.
Agricultural land is a finite resource and beyond a certain point no more can be generated.
Agricultural land is a prime example of incorporating soil into the planning process.
Agricultural land is adjacent to it.
Agricultural land is adjacent to the river.
Agricultural land is always a good solid investment.
Agricultural land is an example of a finite, renewable resource.
Agricultural land is excluded.
Agricultural land is flooded, affecting current and future food security.
Agricultural land is home to America s wildlife.
Agricultural land is measured as the sum of arable land, permanent cropland, and permanent pasture.
Agricultural land is much more organized than nonurbanized, non- farming land.
Agricultural land is out of bounds but there are plenty of other attractions to visit.
Agricultural land is rated according to soil quality and irrigation status.
Agricultural land is sensitive and precious.
Agricultural land is subject to state and federal income, property, capital gains and estate taxes.
Agricultural land is taxed at a far lower rate than non-agricultural land.
Agricultural land is the land used as cropland and permanent pasture.
Agricultural land is the primary use of the land and ought to be treated as such.
Agricultural land is, however, in a different category.
Agricultural land means land suitable for farming or ranching activities.
Agricultural land uses dominate, especially dairying, cash crops, and feeder operations.
Agricultural lands are abundant with runoff points at dozens of spots throughout the bluff line.
Agricultural lands are on the outskirts of urban areas.
Agricultural lands are to be defined according to criteria in the Food Security Act Manual.
Agricultural lands can contribute to carbon absorption if proper management is followed.
Agricultural lands continue to be converted to non-farming uses at a disturbing rate.
Agricultural lands encompass a large percentage of Lancaster County's land use.
Agricultural lands form the north boundary, and canals make up the eastern and western boundaries.
All agricultural land is a valuable resource for Tasmania.
All agricultural land uses, buildings, and activities, including farms for the disposal of offal.
Agricultural law becomes as accessible as a mouse click.
Agricultural law is a complex and fascinating area of the law unto itself.
Agricultural law is an inter-related web of many laws.
Agricultural levees provide protection from flooding in lands used for agricultural purposes.
Agricultural lime is safe to apply while fish are still in the pond.
Agricultural limestone is used as a neutralizing agent for soil acidity.
Agricultural limestone is usually the best choice.
Agricultural Links Find out what is happening in the world of farming.
Agricultural literacy is a target for all students.
Agricultural literacy means understanding the interdependence between all consumers and agriculture.
Agricultural loans can be a fixed or variable rate with flexible repayment schedules.
Agricultural losses are also hard to accurately estimate.
Agricultural machinery is also a leading cause of non-fatal injuries among farmers.
Agricultural machinery is in bad shape.
Agricultural machinery is the platform for performing precision agriculture production.
Agricultural managers should have opportunity.
Agricultural managers take care.
Most agricultural managers take care.
Agricultural material is well represented.
Agricultural mechanics is a perfect vehicle to teach physical science.
Agricultural mechanization is somehow identical to agricultural modernization.
Agricultural mediation is a way of settling disputes within a producer s own means.
Agricultural mediation is a way of settling disputes within a producer's own means.
Agricultural methods are generally quite basic.
Agricultural mulches are in general well known.
Agricultural news is followed by comparative agmarkets and weather.
Some agricultural nutrients cause big problems.
Some agricultural nutrients cause pollution problems.
Some agricultural nutrients cause problems.
Agricultural oases are the sites of villages, towns, and cities.
Agricultural operations can contribute to pollution of both surface water and groundwater.
Agricultural operations occupy the less steep areas.
Agricultural operations require high quality observations delivered in an easily accessible format.
Agricultural operations require more detail than ever before.
Agricultural options provide a type of price insurance to producers.
Agricultural output includes soybeans, wheat, cotton and rice.
Agricultural output is increased at the expense of wasting a lot of natural resources.
Agricultural output is inelastic, and is becoming increasingly more so over time.
Most agricultural output is on a subsistence basis, however.
Agricultural ownership remains in the hands of small producers.
Agricultural patches represent habitat that is both degraded and fragmented.
Agricultural pests are usually specific to a particular kind of crop.
Agricultural pesticides are the greatest source of outdoor airborne pesticides.
Agricultural pesticides cause only a small percentage of fish kills.
Many agricultural pesticides are present at very low concentrations.
Agricultural pilots can receive specialized advanced training at agricultural pilot schools.
Agricultural planes are small, handle well, and are made to withstand lots of use.
Some agricultural plants replace trees.
Agricultural plantings can actually enhance problems.
Agricultural policies affect more than just farms and farmers.
Agricultural policies attempt to influence yields, commercial crop outputs, etc.
Agricultural policies can impact producers, consumers, taxpayers and trade.
Agricultural policy encompasses many issues.
Agricultural policy focuses on the goals and methods of agricultural production.
Agricultural policy is another stumbling block.
Agricultural policy is European policy.
Agricultural policy is still a nationally guarded preserve.
Agricultural policy needs to work with partners toward sustainable practices.
Agricultural pollutants generate multiple environmental concerns.
Agricultural pollution comes from non-point sources, making it difficult to quantify.
Agricultural pollution consists of pesticides, sediment, fertilizer, and feedlot wastes.
Agricultural pollution harms the watershed, but maintaining farm land as open space protects it.
Agricultural potential is substantial.
Agricultural practices destroy many nests, and heavy grazing destroys nesting cover.
Agricultural practices have significant positive and negative impacts on soil biota.
Agricultural practices influence the retention of topsoil.
Agricultural practices involve burning crop debris at the end of the growing season.
Agricultural practices minimise the benefits from vesicular-arbuscular mycorrhiza formation.
Some agricultural practices benefit neither pheasants nor farmers.
Some agricultural practices benefit pheasants at the cost of farm profits.
Agricultural price supports North America.
Agricultural price supports.
Agricultural prices are also low, with the exception of milk.
Agricultural prices are at or near historic lows in corn, soybeans, and wheat.
Agricultural prices are very much depressed.
Agricultural problems are still apparent in the upper River Robe, however.
Agricultural processing is the chief industry.
Agricultural produce includes palm oil plants, sugar cane and pineapples.
Agricultural produce includes wheat, barley, potatoes, fruit, cabbages and milk.
Agricultural produce is most affected but, to a lesser extent, so are industrial goods.
All agricultural produce has a cash market.
Agricultural producers have far lower rates of return than typical developers.
Agricultural producers have many opportunities to make efficient use of fertilizers.
Agricultural producers invest vast amounts of capital and labor.
Agricultural producers suffer severe economic losses, and consumers pay higher prices for food.
Agricultural products account for two thirds of export earnings.
Agricultural products are abundant in the north.
Agricultural products are at very low prices.
Agricultural products are available.
Agricultural products are beef cattle, poultry, rice, pecans, and peanuts.
Agricultural products are food products.
Agricultural products are grains, vegetables, and livestock.
Agricultural products are organic matter.
Agricultural products are our biggest export.
Agricultural products are the most important commodities shipped downstream.
Agricultural products can be carriers too.
Agricultural products can increase independence.
Agricultural products consist of paddy rice, corn, oilseeds, sugarcane, and hardwood.
Agricultural products grown in the north include barley, wheat, oats, and potatoes.
Agricultural products make up one sixth of all the things produced in Canada.
Agricultural products remain the primary sources of the economy for many Middle American countries.
Agricultural products undergo different inspections than traditional or maquiladora trade.
Agricultural products vary from eggplants to sweet potatoes.
Most agricultural products go through several hands before reaching the consumer.
Agricultural production affects the environment in many ways.
Agricultural production constitutes the most basic part in building a strong socialist power.
Agricultural production consumes more fresh water than any other human activity.
Agricultural production continues to be a viable economic force within the district.
Agricultural production continues to increase as more people return to the land.
Agricultural production continues, subject to the disruptions of the security situation.
Agricultural production differs dramatically between regions and seasons.
Agricultural production has constraints in both Chile and the Dominican Republic.
Agricultural production includes cereal crops, oilseeds, vegetables, pastures, citrus and fruits.
Agricultural production includes citrus fruits, vegetables, rice and sugar cane.
Agricultural production includes livestock and field and vegetable crops.
Agricultural production includes soybeans, wheat, cotton and rice.
Agricultural production is an important contributor to Jamaica's economy.
Agricultural production is based on the plant growing.
Agricultural production is concentrated on large, highly mechanized farms.
Agricultural production is diverse.
Agricultural production is hazardous.
Agricultural production is limited by a scarcity of arable land, and most food has to be imported.
Agricultural production is limited.
Agricultural production is low.
Agricultural production is mainly in the valleys.
Agricultural production is of crucial importance in ensuring that food needs are met.
Agricultural production is often marginal and labour intensive.
Agricultural production is often scarce.
Agricultural production is one of the nation's most hazardous industries.
Agricultural production is one of the nation's most hazardous occupations.
Agricultural production is possible in areas where there are no fuel or solid mineral deposits.
Agricultural production is the predominant source of impairment in lakes.
Agricultural production is unpredictable and export of carpet, garment and pashmina is on the wane.
Agricultural production occurs within a managed environment over broad landscapes.
Agricultural production requires land, water and solar energy along with other variable inputs.
Agricultural production takes place within farming systems.
Agricultural production varies widely, primarily because of erratic rainfall.
Agricultural production varies with the season and longer-term environmental conditions.
All agricultural production takes place in the context of wider natural and social environments.
Some agricultural production plays roles.
Agricultural productivity depends on the organisms that inhabit the soil.
Agricultural productivity is at all time highs in the United States and in the world.
Agricultural productivity is based solely on the thin layer of topsoil in which crops are produced.
Agricultural productivity is likely to vary across regions.
Agricultural productivity is threatened by erosion and declines in soil fertility.
Agricultural productivity is threatened by increasing erosion and declining fertility of soils.
Agricultural productivity measures the difference between output growth and input growth rates.
Agricultural productivity stays ahead of the market to consume farm commodities.
Agricultural programs consume billions of tax dollars each year.
Agricultural prospects appear mixed.
Agricultural quarantine is strict, and domestic pets are refused entry.
Agricultural regions appear light green or magenta.
Agricultural research can break the chain.
Agricultural research has an important role to play in alleviating pressure.
Agricultural research has many roles to play in improving health in developing countries.
Agricultural research is as much about human health as it is about growing corn.
Agricultural research is one of the pillars for food safety in developing countries.
Agricultural research needs more money.
Agricultural research requires innovation.
Agricultural research yields a cornucopia of safer, healthier, and tastier food products.
Agricultural residues are a particularly attractive fiber to include in the mix.
Agricultural residues are an excellent alternative to virgin wood fiber for many reasons.
Agricultural residues form the other large biofuel.
Agricultural residues provide large potential resources.
Agricultural residues provide resources.
Most agricultural residues are angiosperms.
Most agricultural residues have yet to be widely used for power generation.
Most agricultural residues provide large potential resources.
Most agricultural residues provide resources.
Agricultural restrictions apply.
Agricultural revenue makes up a large part of the U.S. economy.
Agricultural risk is an increasingly important component of the agricultural policy debate.
Agricultural rum is aged in casks and has an alcohol content which varies considerably.
Agricultural runoff can carry fertilizers into lakes and streams.
Agricultural runoff generates oxygen-depleting substances and nutrients.
Agricultural runoff is a common cause of waterway pollution.
Agricultural runoff is a major source of nonpoint water pollution.
Agricultural runoff is now more than double what it was a few decades ago.
Agricultural runoff is the main source of pesticide pollution.
Agricultural runoff is under better control.
Agricultural runoff pollutes surface and groundwater.
Agricultural runoff provides much of the phosphate found in waterways.
Agricultural runoff represents the greatest single contributor of nitrogen and phosphorous.
Agricultural sales are second only to the automotive sector in total economic production in Durham.
Agricultural schedules list the farm operators, with facts about each operation.
Agricultural science applies scientific methods to the physical variables affecting crops.
Agricultural science is a hands-on program with a fairly heavy laboratory emphasis in some courses.
Agricultural science is based on risk-taking, as is most human endeavour.
Agricultural science is similar to biology.
Agricultural science provides a good example.
Agricultural scientists continue to develop new crops or modify existing crops.
Agricultural scientists foster and encourage the use of natural enemies to combat plant pests.
Agricultural scientists recognize importance.
Agricultural scientists test crops varieties or cultural practices in small plots.
Many agricultural scientists work in basic or applied research and development.
Many agricultural scientists work in basic or applied research.
Most agricultural scientists agree that farm soils are generally overworked and mineral deficient.
Most agricultural scientists recognize importance.
Some agricultural scientists are consultants to business firms, private clients or to government.
Some agricultural scientists are consultants to business firms, private clients, or to government.
Some agricultural scientists introduce farmers.
Agricultural sector is another focus area.
Agricultural sector is identified as the largest sector absorbing child labour in Nepal.
Agricultural sector is one of the weakest sectors in China.
Agricultural sector is the economic base of the country.
Most agricultural seeds germinate equally well with or without light.
Agricultural services are available for the area's grain, dairy and hog producers.
All agricultural sites are welcome to join, commerical, non-commercial, foreign, etc.
Agricultural societies can produce surplus food to feed extra mouths.
Agricultural societies work harder.
All agricultural societies have conflict and violent death.
Agricultural soils associated with rangelands and grasslands often have similar vertical sequences.
Some agricultural soils are deficient in trace elements.
Agricultural sources generate large sediment and nutrient loads.
Agricultural specialists control soil pH to enhance plant growth.
Agricultural specialists examine trends by laying data on deforestation patterns over regional maps.
Agricultural speculation leads to hunger.
Agricultural statistics Contains both current and historical data.
Agricultural strikes are different than strikes in industry.
Agricultural subsidies are a global problem that affects products traded globally.
Agricultural subsidies are likely to be a big sticking point among conference negotiators.
Agricultural subsidies can be a matter of life and death in such populations.
Agricultural sulfur is used to acidify alkaline soil.
Agricultural systems are nearly as distinctive as housing patterns.
Agricultural systems shift to beef or dairy cattle operations due in part to the soil variability.
Agricultural systems tend otherwise.
All agricultural systems are, in fact, anthropogenic.
Agricultural tariffs remain high.
Agricultural teams are also welcome.
Agricultural technicians work with agricultural scientists in food production and processing.
Agricultural technicians work with agricultural scientists.
Agricultural techniques base on knowledge.
Agricultural technology is a beautiful, wondrous thing.
Agricultural terraces descend like carpeted steps down the upper slopes.
Agricultural topics range from sheep shearing to bee keeping.
Agricultural tourism is an effective way to tap into that know-how.
Agricultural tourism is increasingly popular in farming communities near urban areas.
Agricultural trade continues to be a major element in our relationship with Europe.
Agricultural trade contributes employment, income, and economic activity to the U.S. economy.
Agricultural trade is a growth area full of exciting new opportunities.
Agricultural trade is a key ingredient in the process of integration in the Americas.
Agricultural trade is extremely important to Canada.
Agricultural trade is extremely important to Canada's rural economy.
Agricultural trainees can work on pig, dairy or beef farms.
Agricultural training is also a part of the curriculum.
Agricultural transformation requires better domestic resource mobilization.
Agricultural transformation requires greater coordination across development actions.
Agricultural trends suggest the possibility of higher food prices.
Agricultural uses require no front yard.
Agricultural use includes producing crops, livestock, poultry, fish, or cover crops.
Agricultural use includes production of crops, livestock, poultry, fish or cover crops.
Agricultural use includes production of crops, livestock, poultry, fish, or cover crops.
Agricultural use includes tobacco curing, crop drying and poultry brooding.
Agricultural uses are in much larger amounts than public health counterparts.
Many agricultural users complain that there are no major water storage facilities in the report.
Agricultural values are production values.
Agricultural vehicles are exempt.
Agricultural waste fertilizes the pond and feeds the fish.
Agricultural waste is a renewable resource of great variety and potential.
Agricultural wastes contain pathogens and other disease-causing organisms.
Agricultural wastewater is provided in the nursery as a nutrient source to support plant growth.
Agricultural water comes from shallow wells, tubewells or springs.
Agricultural waters are suitable for irrigation and livestock usages without any form of treatment.
Agricultural waters are suitable for irrigation and livestock without treatment.
Agricultural weeds cause an overall reduction in yield.
Some agricultural weeds have advantage.
Agricultural wheel rims and pairing equipment.
Agricultural work is also plentiful.
Agricultural work is among the most dangerous occupations in the United States.
Agricultural work is dependent on weather fluctuations such as rain, hail, or drought.
Agricultural work is difficult and dangerous.
Agricultural work is extremely difficult.
Agricultural work is forbidden to prevent drought.
Agricultural work is one of the most dangerous occupations in the United States.
All agricultural work is by hand.
Agricultural workers are at higher risk of death or disabling injury than most other workers.
Agricultural workers are in the front line of exposure.
Agricultural workers are often the poorest of the poor.
Agricultural workers can absorb pesticides through their skin, through inhalation, and by ingestion.
Agricultural workers can have more than one employer the same time.
Agricultural workers do labor.
Agricultural workers have a high risk of contracting malaria.
Agricultural workers have the potential for prolonged extensive contact with pesticide residues.
Agricultural workers report on performance and acceptance of the plants.
Agricultural workers work the longest number of hours, followed by miners.
Most agricultural workers are quite happy with an eight-hour day and a paycheck.
Most agricultural workers do labor.
Some agricultural workers advance to crew leaders.
Some agricultural workers advance to leaders.
Some agricultural workers arrive in centuries.
Some agricultural workers live in areas.
Agricultural yield is poor and the sector is grossly neglected by the state.
Agricultural yields are constant or, in the case of some crops, declining.
Agricultural yields depend sensitively on climate and soil resources.
More agricultural yield is absolutely necessary to feed the growing population of India.
Agricultural zones are sources from which many introduced species spread.
Some agricultural zones suffer drought.
Agriculturalists are an independent lot.
Agriculturalists are charmed, naturalists are alarmed.
Agriculturalists depend on water for efficient production of food and fiber.
Agriculturalists manage biological systems.
An agriculturalist is a farmer
Agriculture building is on the right.
Agriculture education instructs students through hands-on learning activities.
Agriculture education is cows and plows, as well as biochemists, engineers, and veterinarians.
Agriculture ministers have no mandate to raise the budget.
Agriculture policy impacts their ability to manage successful farms.
Agriculture subsidies benefit farmers at the expense of taxpayers and consumers.
Agriculture abounds in the portion of the county tying in the Sacramento Valley.
Agriculture accounts for about one-third of the national income.
Agriculture accounts for almost two-fifths of the value of Tajikistan's economic production.
Agriculture accounts for an estimated five per cent of the county's labor force.
Agriculture accounts for more than half of all suspended sediments discharged into surface water.
Agriculture accounts for more than one-fourth of Mississippi's economy.
Agriculture accounts for one-fifth of the Philippine economy.
Agriculture accounts for only a small percentage of Libya's yearly domestic product.
Agriculture accounts for roughly a quarter of national output.
Agriculture accounts for the bulk of U.S. water use.
Agriculture accounts for the major part of water withdrawals, mainly for irrigation.
Agriculture accounts for two thirds of the jobs and a third of all economic activity in Africa.
Agriculture accounts for two-thirds of the jobs and a third of all economic activity in Africa.
Agriculture actually does feed the Canadian spirit of hard work, excellence and innovation.
Agriculture adds value to our lifes.
Agriculture affects both nitrogen additions and subtractions to the soil.
Agriculture affects everyone.
Agriculture affects so many aspects of our lives.
Agriculture allows large groups of people to live in the same location.
Agriculture already allows some meat substitutes, including cheese and peanut butter.
Agriculture also affects water quality through run-off containing pesticides and fertilizers.
Agriculture also can reduce nitrogen loss by reconstructing more wetlands.
Agriculture also contributes to land erosion and overuse of water and pesticides.
Agriculture also depends heavily on groundwater.
Agriculture also employs a tremendous number of people.
Agriculture also has a major impact on our state's economy.
Agriculture also has a number of items on the agenda.
Agriculture also has a unique work force.
Agriculture also introduces herbicides and pesticides into streams.
Agriculture also is a significant component of the regional economy.
Agriculture also is one of Oregon's most important industries.
Agriculture also is the dominant activity in the rural household economy.
Agriculture also means feeding people.
Agriculture also needs to be addressed when considering the state's future.
Agriculture also plays a large role in Alexander.
Agriculture also plays a significant role in the economy.
Agriculture also plays a significant role with cattle farming, vegetables and fruit.
Agriculture also plays a special role in addressing problems of poverty.
Agriculture also plays an important role in Wyoming's economy.
Agriculture also plays an important role.
Agriculture also prevails in many rural locations.
Agriculture also releases other materials into the atmosphere.
Agriculture also remains an important part of our economy.
Agriculture also remains important.
Agriculture also serves an important role in the economy.
Agriculture also stands accused of exacerbating sexual inequality.
Agriculture also supports local economic stability.
Agriculture also takes a toll on the world's water.
Agriculture also threatens ground water.
Agriculture alters the natural cycling of nutrients in soil.
Agriculture attempts to tip the ecological balance in favor of humans relative to other species.
Agriculture background a plus.
Agriculture basically represents a disturbance, an anthropogenic gap, created in the ecosystem.
Agriculture becomes a more important source for food.
Agriculture becomes more established and the techniques more elaborate.
Agriculture becomes more intensive and industrialization takes place.
Agriculture begins with domestication of animals such as sheep and goats.
Agriculture begins with the first cultivation of plant crops.
Agriculture benefits farmers.
Agriculture builds a city.
Agriculture can allow the U.S. to meet that goal with widespread adoption of no-till.
Agriculture can also affect biodiversity outside the areas on which it is practiced.
Agriculture can be a risky business, even for bankers.
Agriculture can be difficult so ranching is the predominant land use in the area.
Agriculture can be one of the most satisfying and rewarding ways to make a living.
Agriculture can be vulnerable to the weather and market prices.
Agriculture can contribute modestly to mitigation through carbon sequestration in soils.
Agriculture can play either a positive or a negative role, depending on how it is managed.
Agriculture can support greater numbers of people than a hunting and gathering culture.
Agriculture causes damage.
Agriculture causes desertification.
Agriculture causes millions of tons of cow manure to leach into the rivers which kills the salmon.
Agriculture causes permanent damage.
Agriculture combines forests and mountain pasturage in summer, mostly beef but also sheep and goats.
Agriculture comes in a distant third.
Agriculture comes to a halt with crops withering and cattle roaming.
Agriculture concerns techniques, including the application of agronomic research.
Agriculture consists largely of subsistence farming and animal husbandry.
Agriculture consists mainly of cotton and soybeans.
Agriculture constitutes the basic production sector in the economy.
Agriculture constitutes the mainstay of the local economy.
Agriculture continues to be a driving force.
Agriculture continues to be a leading industry in the county's economy.
Agriculture continues to be a major component of the local economy.
Agriculture continues to be a major employer in Australia, providing a diverse range of careers.
Agriculture continues to be a major income producing industry for the area.
Agriculture continues to be a stable force in the local economy.
Agriculture continues to be an important component in our balance of trade.
Agriculture continues to be an important industry today.
Agriculture continues to be one of the most important industries in Sussex County.
Agriculture continues to be plagued by a past legacy of central planning and state-ownership.
Agriculture continues to be the largest industry in the county.
Agriculture continues to be the largest sector of Punjab's economy.
Agriculture continues to be the leading industry in South Dakota.
Agriculture continues to be the number one industry for our area.
Agriculture continues to be the primary industry of the community.
Agriculture continues to change.
Agriculture continues to decline in economic importance.
Agriculture continues to dominate the basic economy.
Agriculture continues to flourish in Vermont , where there still are almost as many cows as people.
Agriculture continues to grow and change.
Agriculture continues to play a significant role in our economy.
Agriculture continues to play an important role in Brazil's economy.
Agriculture continues to play an important role in the area's economy.
Agriculture continues to push out the margins of production turning wilderness into farmland.
Agriculture continues to sustain millions of people in India.
Agriculture contributes more than half of the gross domestic product.
Agriculture contributes more than half the pollutants entering the nations rivers and lakes.
Agriculture contributes most to the state's income in the primary sector.
Agriculture contributes substantially to our quality of life.
Agriculture contributes to atmospheric change in various ways.
Agriculture contributes to declining water quality.
Agriculture coulds have effects.
Agriculture creates a chain reaction in terms producing jobs.
Agriculture Creates a program to promote the responsible use of farm nutrients.
Agriculture cropping research is of vital importance to the future of Wyoming farmers.
Agriculture cuts across everyone's life.
Agriculture depends more and more on science and technology.
Agriculture depends on a reliable supply of good-quality water for many farm uses.
Agriculture depends on both components of biodiversity.
Agriculture depends on conditions.
Agriculture depends on environmental conditions.
Agriculture depends on exports for one-third of all sales.
Agriculture depends on rainfall.
Agriculture depends on soil fertility.
Agriculture depends on the natural diversity of plants and animals that are domesticated.
Agriculture directly degrades the landscape of Belize through deforestation.
Agriculture dominates most of the rest of the district, with soybeans and corn as the staple crops.
Agriculture dominates the economy of South Virginia Beach.
Agriculture dominates the economy of the region.
Agriculture dominates the economy, but rainfall is scarce, and drought is a constant threat.
Agriculture dominates the economy, cotton being the most important crop.
Agriculture dominates the economy, with cotton being the most important crop.
Agriculture dominates the economy, with cotton the most important crop.
Agriculture dominates the island's economy.
Agriculture drives our economic engine, providing jobs and a tax base for our governments.
Agriculture drives the economy.
Agriculture drives the rhythm of work and life here, reflected in the seasonal palette.
Agriculture effects our lives daily.
Agriculture employs about one-third of the population, mainly in subsistence farming.
Agriculture employs America.
Agriculture employs more people in Ecuador than does any other economic activity.
Agriculture employs more than half the population.
Agriculture employs more undocumented workers than any other industry in the country.
Agriculture employs most of the labour force.
Agriculture employs nearly six times as many workers as the leader, mining and quarrying.
Agriculture encompasses various elements of the food, fiber, and natural resource systems.
Agriculture explores the trade aspects of agriculture.
Agriculture extends along several stream valleys which are tributaries of the King River.
Agriculture Find out about farm life in Saskatchewan and what goes on season to season.
Agriculture fits into a variety of academic areas.
Agriculture fits naturally into science and math classes.
Agriculture fits that profile.
Agriculture flourishes during global warming.
Agriculture focuses on livestock, though some tropical fruits and vegetables are exported.
Agriculture forms only one part of the proposals.
Agriculture forms the basis of the economy, but all rural people also fish.
Agriculture forms the basis of the Zimbabwean economy.
Agriculture forms the leading and almost sole occupation of the people.
Agriculture forms the leading pursuit.
Agriculture forms the main occupation of the people .
Agriculture fulfils multiple functions, all essential to achieving food security.
Agriculture generally benefits from a weak U.S. dollar.
Agriculture generates sediment pollution in several ways.
Agriculture Grows no crops.
Agriculture happens in rural Canada.
Agriculture has (part) business activities.
Agriculture has a deep and rich history in our county.
Agriculture has a dual role as an energy user and as an energy supplier in the form of bioenergy.
Agriculture has a great impact on the nitrogen cycle.
Agriculture has a huge impact on the world.
Agriculture has a lot to gain from our export markets.
Agriculture has a positive and a negative impact on the environment.
Agriculture has a positive role to play that goes far beyond ethanol.
Agriculture has a significant influence on the rural economy and the countryside.
Agriculture has a strong presence here, in both livelihood and culture.
Agriculture has a unique role in sustainability.
Agriculture has an enormous impact on the environment.
Agriculture has considerable potential in Bulgaria.
Agriculture has no space for high culture.
Agriculture has nothing to do with what is actually transpiring.
Agriculture has one of the highest occupational fatality rates of all U.S. industries.
Agriculture has over one billion dollars in economic impact for Polk County.
Agriculture has resources.
Agriculture has the advantage of being geographically tied to the state's resources.
Agriculture has the third largest work force.
Agriculture has tremendous opportunities vocationally.
Agriculture has yet to include farm workers as representatives within an organizational structure.
Agriculture helps by absorbing greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide.
Agriculture here is an export-driven industry that is changing by necessity.
Agriculture here is short-lived.
Agriculture here is spring-fed.
Agriculture here is very important.
Agriculture however remains the major occupation.
Agriculture implements sales and service.
Agriculture improves quality.
Agriculture includes both agriculture and horticulture courses.
Agriculture includes cattle and sheep.
Agriculture includes cattle farming.
Agriculture includes chicken, corn, cotton and peanuts.
Agriculture includes consumption in pursuing hunting, forestry and fishing activities.
Agriculture includes cotton, grain and livestock.
Agriculture includes dairy and poultry.
Agriculture includes dairy farming, apples and peaches.
Agriculture includes domestication.
Agriculture includes fruit, vegetables, camels, sheep and goats.
Agriculture includes peanuts, corn, and cattle ranching.
Agriculture includes pig and sheep farming, corn, pork and dairy products.
Agriculture includes pineapples, sugarcane, livestock, orchids and other flowers.
Agriculture includes sheep raising in the North and dairying in the south.
Agriculture includes tabacco and cotton.
Agriculture includes wheat, rye, oats, barley and cattle farming.
Agriculture includes wine grapes, peaches, walnuts, almonds, apricots, and nectarines.
Agriculture involves animals from both land and water.
Agriculture involves both the production and the culture.
Agriculture involves the growing of one or two or at the most three crops a year.
Agriculture is a basic industry for society.
Agriculture is a big business in the United States, and a lot of water is used to produce our food.
Agriculture is a big contributor to national emissions of the greenhouse gas methane.
Agriculture is a big part of the economy in Madagascar, including the growing of coffee and vanilla.
Agriculture is a big part of the future.
Agriculture is a big, important industry, but one that is often overlooked and under-appreciated.
Agriculture is a biological rather than an industrial process.
Agriculture is a biologically based industry and many of the problems are site specific.
Agriculture is a business like any other.
Agriculture is a business that feeds the world.
Agriculture is a business.
Agriculture is a case in point.
Agriculture is a challenging industry with tight margins.
Agriculture is a changing industry.
Agriculture is a comparative latecomer to the so-called information age .
Agriculture is a complex system of producers and processors.
Agriculture is a cornerstone of America s culture, economy and standard of living.
Agriculture is a critical component of the social and economic fiber of the region.
Agriculture is a cultural way of life.
Agriculture is a diverse sector represented by a complex mix of business enterprises.
Agriculture is a dominant activity in many countries.
Agriculture is a dynamic, rapidly changing industry that has an exciting future.
Agriculture is a fairly low-tech business.
Agriculture is a fascinating and complex industry with international dimensions.
Agriculture is a focus area in the management training program.
Agriculture is a food-driven business.
Agriculture is a fundamental sector for the establishment of an appropriate food production system.
Agriculture is a growing economic sector, and the country is approaching food self-sufficiency.
Agriculture is a growing industry.
Agriculture is a high priority for the development of the Chinese economy .
Agriculture is a highly specialized business.
Agriculture is a high-risk, unpredictable, and unstable industry.
Agriculture is a high-tech industry.
Agriculture is a huge industry for Coles County.
Agriculture is a huge part of the economy here, so there are huge numbers of jobs in that area.
Agriculture is a important sector for food security and the struggle against poverty.
Agriculture is a large and important ingredient for New York's economy.
Agriculture is a large component of our state's economy.
Agriculture is a large part of the area's past and present.
Agriculture is a leading industry in every Great Lakes state and province.
Agriculture is a leading industry in Texas.
Agriculture is a leading sector in the economy.
Agriculture is a low growth area and has been dragging down the rest of the company.
Agriculture is a main endeavor and the White River flows through part of the county.
Agriculture is a mainstay for Montana's economy.
Agriculture is a mainstay in Mower County as well as all of southern Minnesota.
Agriculture is a mainstay in Pine Bluff.
Agriculture is a mainstay of Michigan's economy.
Agriculture is a mainstay of the Clinton County economy.
Agriculture is a major component of the economic structure in Union County.
Agriculture is a major component of the local economy, and industry includes garment manufacturing.
Agriculture is a major contributor to Minnesota's economy.
Agriculture is a major contributor to the economic base in Portage County.
Agriculture is a major contributor to the economy of the county.
Agriculture is a major contributor to the economy with dairy being the major agricultural industry.
Agriculture is a major economic activity for majority of African rural people.
Agriculture is a major economic source.
Agriculture is a major industry in Columbia County.
Agriculture is a major industry of Utah and is the backbone for many rural communities and towns.
Agriculture is a major part of the local economy.
Agriculture is a major polluter of ground water and aquatic systems.
Agriculture is a major sector of the province's economy.
Agriculture is a major source of nutrients to the Bay.
Agriculture is a major source of support and revenue for restoration efforts.
Agriculture is a major user of ground water in Virginia.
Agriculture is a major user of water in certain countries.
Agriculture is a mature industry and depends heavily on government support.
Agriculture is a means to channel the Earth's resources into production of human bodies.
Agriculture is a mess, and many of the big-enterprise dinosaurs of the communist period still stand.
Agriculture is a multi-billion dollar industry.
Agriculture is a multi-faceted enterprise, which encompasses many layers of American society.
Agriculture is a net emitter of greenhouse gases.
Agriculture is a particularly thorny issue.
Agriculture is a pillar of the U.S. economy, as it is for Brazil.
Agriculture is a predominant economic activity.
Agriculture is a primary user of Hudson River water.
Agriculture is a prime engine of growth in the process of development.
Agriculture is a priority as well.
Agriculture is a prominent example.
Agriculture is a promising sector for investing in.
Agriculture is a relatively recent innovation.
Agriculture is a risky business.
Agriculture is a science, a business, and a profession.
Agriculture is a serious business.
Agriculture is a shared jurisdiction and the provinces have to do their part.
Agriculture is a significant beneficiary of the agreement.
Agriculture is a significant component of Ohio's overall economy.
Agriculture is a significant contributor to Australia s greenhouse gas emissions.
Agriculture is a significant contributor to nitrogen levels in the soil.
Agriculture is a significant industry in Washington County.
Agriculture is a significant sector of the economy.
Agriculture is a significant segment of the U.S. economy.
Agriculture is a small user in the U.S. energy budget.
Agriculture is a smelly business, they say.
Agriculture is a solid foundation of the province s rural economy, where it is a major employer.
Agriculture is a state-controlled matter.
Agriculture is a technology, and it disrupts the natural flow of things.
Agriculture is a tough and dangerous business often putting whole families at risk.
Agriculture is a tough business.
Agriculture is a unique industry.
Agriculture is a unique kind of evolutionary relationship between a. plants and b. animals.
Agriculture is a very important industry in the Ozarks.
Agriculture is a very important sector in the economy of Texas and in the nation.
Agriculture is a vibrant and vital part of Washington state's economy.
Agriculture is a vibrant part of the economy and culture of Kentucky.
Agriculture is a vital and dynamic component of the economy.
Agriculture is a vital component of the rural economy.
Agriculture is a vital part of our daily lives.
Agriculture is a vital sector of our economy.
Agriculture is a vital segment of our economy and our communities.
Agriculture is a way of life in Cambodia.
Agriculture is a way of life, and it is our livelihood.
Agriculture is a wide field for the entrepreneur.
Agriculture is a workplace unlike many others in our country.
Agriculture is actually a water-intensive industry.
Agriculture is almost non-existent.
Agriculture is already more reliant on exports than other sectors of the economy as a whole.
Agriculture is already too technological.
Agriculture is also a branch of science.
Agriculture is also a leading cause of death and disabling injuries to U.S. workers.
Agriculture is also a primary source of groundwater pollution.
Agriculture is also a significant industry in Vermont.
Agriculture is also a threat in third world countries.
Agriculture is also among the governorate's priorities and a major investment target.
Agriculture is also an important part of Canada s economy.
Agriculture is also an important source of contaminants in some aquifers.
Agriculture is also an important source of income.
Agriculture is also as diverse as it is complex.
Agriculture is also extremely important to the economy of some of the tribes.
Agriculture is also extremely limited because of near-continual drought.
Agriculture is also important in the context of rural development and poverty reduction.
Agriculture is also important to the French economy.
Agriculture is also important to the state's economy.
Agriculture is also important, the major crops being cotton, wheat, and millet.
Agriculture is also important, with fires used to clear the land before planting.
Agriculture is also important.
Agriculture is also in the midst of sweeping changes.
Agriculture is also of great significance to the county's economy.
Agriculture is also the largest source of methane and nitrous oxide emission.
Agriculture is also the most important economic sector in the Region.
Agriculture is also the source of many organic and inorganic pollutants.
Agriculture is also vital to the Delaware economy.
Agriculture is an active but declining industry, primarily in down-sloping areas.
Agriculture is an area of the economy that is very vulnerable to climate change.
Agriculture is an enormous and varied enterprise that is shaped by many forces.
Agriculture is an enormous business, with huge environmental effects.
Agriculture is an enterprise with far-reaching impacts on our economy, environment, and communities.
Agriculture is an essential element of mankind.
Agriculture is an essential part of our region's economy and culture.
Agriculture is an example of the effects of economies of scale.
Agriculture is an example.
Agriculture is an extremely important component of the economy of the state.
Agriculture is an extremely important part of life in Washington County.
Agriculture is an human activity.
Agriculture is an important business in Perry County both environmentally and economically.
Agriculture is an important component of the economic well being of the citizens of South Carolina.
Agriculture is an important cornerstone of the Iowa economy.
Agriculture is an important export.
Agriculture is an important income producer in Missouri.
Agriculture is an important industry in Hobbs and Lea County.
Agriculture is an important industry.
Agriculture is an important nonpoint source of pollution in the southeastern United States.
Agriculture is an important part of Anderson Valley.
Agriculture is an important part of Chile's economy, next to mining and forestry.
Agriculture is an important part of development assistance.
Agriculture is an important part of Indian economy.
Agriculture is an important part of New Jersey life.
Agriculture is an important part of our heritage and our national security.
Agriculture is an important part of our lives.
Agriculture is an important part of our state's heritage and economy.
Agriculture is an important part of the basin's economy and culture.
Agriculture is an important part of the economy in Kyrgyzstan .
Agriculture is an important part of the economy in Kyrgyzstan.
Agriculture is an important part of the economy in terms of both employment and production.
Agriculture is an important part of the economy of Azerbaijan .
Agriculture is an important part of the economy of Azerbaijan.
Agriculture is an important part of the economy.
Agriculture is an important part of the island economy .
Agriculture is an important part of the island economy.
Agriculture is an important part of the Philippine economy.
Agriculture is an important sector of the Kansas economy.
Agriculture is an important socioeconomic factor to consider.
Agriculture is an important source of employment.
Agriculture is an industry where additional research is needed.
Agriculture is and has always been defined as a science.
Agriculture is and remains the engine of growth for many poor communities and poor countries.
Agriculture is another abandoned sphere in the economy of Armenia.
Agriculture is another area for concern.
Agriculture is another arena that is greatly enhanced by the use and application of climate models.
Agriculture is another example of reforming the Hydra.
Agriculture is another important industry.
Agriculture is another important sector in Valencia.
Agriculture is another important sector.
Agriculture is another key environmental issue.
Agriculture is another leading economic activity in the region.
Agriculture is another major component of Wisconsin's economy.
Agriculture is another major threat to the boto.
Agriculture is another sector SAPs target for export growth.
Agriculture is another subject that warrants our attention.
Agriculture is another vibrant sector that employs more than two-thirds of the work force.
Agriculture is another word that is used when talking about farming.
Agriculture is apparently a prerequisite for civilization.
Agriculture is as at-home here as glitzy casino gaming and blueblooded polo ponies.
Agriculture is at a crossroads.
Agriculture is at a standstill.
Agriculture is at subsistence level and one of the major sources of employment.
Agriculture is at the bottom.
Agriculture is at the centre of it all.
Agriculture is bad for biodiversity.
Agriculture is based almost entirely on angiosperms.
Agriculture is based on livestock, wheat and grapes.
Agriculture is based on maize and rice, but potatoes, beans and fruit are also grown.
Agriculture is based on nutmeg, cocoa, sugar cane and bananas.
Agriculture is based on small but highly productive family-owned farms.
Agriculture is based on small family-owned farms.
Agriculture is based predominantly around dairy cattle, beef production, and orchard fruit.
Agriculture is based primarily on sheep and dairy cattle.
Agriculture is basic to Assam's economy.
Agriculture is big around here.
Agriculture is big business here.
Agriculture is big business in Ford County.
Agriculture is big business in North Dakota.
Agriculture is big business in Pierce County.
Agriculture is big here since the land is generally flat and the soil good.
Agriculture is biotechnology's future in Europe.
Agriculture is blended into the subjects of math, science, social studies, and language arts.
Agriculture is both a capital and fuel intensive industry .
Agriculture is both a science and an art.
Agriculture is bound to decline in an Africa that becomes dryer.
Agriculture is British Columbia's third largest resource industry behind forestry and mining.
Agriculture is business
Agriculture is by definition a violation of nature.
Agriculture is by far the biggest consumer of water worldwide.
Agriculture is by far the biggest sector even though Georgia is mainly mountains.
Agriculture is by far the major consumer of water in Israel.
Agriculture is by far the major source of phosphorus inputs.
Agriculture is California's number one industry.
Agriculture is capital intensive.
Agriculture is carried out on small plots throughout most of the islands.
Agriculture is carried out with low-levels of technology and inputs, resulting in low productivity.
Agriculture is central to the interests of developing countries.
Agriculture is centred on beef cattle and the production of cheese.
Agriculture is characterized by low yields harvested in small plots, often of less than one hectare.
Agriculture is characterized by monocrop cultures.
Agriculture is classes.
Agriculture is classically a cyclical industry.
Agriculture is colossal in magnitude and occupies vast spaces.
Agriculture is common in the west, where center pivot irrigation of corn and potatoes is common.
Agriculture is complex issues.
Agriculture is concentrated in the fertile northern part of the country.
Agriculture is concentrated in the river valleys and on the limestone plains.
Agriculture is confined almost exclusively to small farms.
Agriculture is confined primarily to the southwest and around Perth.
Agriculture is confined to small-scale activity because of poor soil quality.
Agriculture is confronted with important issues on the use of pesticides and pest control practices.
Agriculture is considered one of the most hazardous occupations in the country.
Agriculture is considered the next frontier for biotechnology applications.
Agriculture is continually mechanized, and that tends to displace labor.
Agriculture is critical to both the economy of America and Illinois.
Agriculture is crucial to local economic stability.
Agriculture is defined broadly to include crop, livestock, forestry and fisheries.
Agriculture is dependent on a plentiful supply of quality water.
Agriculture is dependent upon many natural resources, such as land, water, air and energy.
Agriculture is developed only along the river valleys.
Agriculture is devoted primarily to cattle and sheep raising.
Agriculture is difficult here, and fishing off the storm-beaten coast is unproductive.
Agriculture is difficult, but some crops grow extremely well, such as grapes and olives.
Agriculture is discriminated against.
Agriculture is distinct.
Agriculture is diversified, with the harvesting of corn, peanuts, grain, and sorghum.
Agriculture is diversified.
Agriculture is dominated by cotton.
Agriculture is dominated by the cultivation of export crops, primarily dates and limes.
Agriculture is dominated by the raising of cattle and sheep.
Agriculture is dominated today by sheep and cattle ranching and wheat farming.
Agriculture is done in woody areas.
Agriculture is economically important, as are sheep and cattle raising.
Agriculture is efficient compared with most of the former Soviet Union.
Agriculture is especially sensitive to climate.
Agriculture is essential for human health and well being, and for the economy.
Agriculture is essentially rice-based.
Agriculture is everywhere a primary consumptive user, though the type of agriculture varies.
Agriculture is everywhere.
Agriculture is exempt from federal and Pennsylvania overtime requirements.
Agriculture is exempt from overtime provisions.
Agriculture is export-orientated and always has been.
Agriculture is extremely vulnerable to climate change.
Agriculture is fairly rich, especially when compared to the rest of Libya.
Agriculture is famous for top quality rice, soybean, and corn.
Agriculture is far from dead in our state.
Agriculture is farmers and ranchers livelihood.
Agriculture is fascinating to people from big cities.
Agriculture is focused on fruit, vegetable, vineyards and sheep farming.
Agriculture is food processing, packaging, transportation and marketing.
Agriculture is food.
Agriculture is fostered.
Agriculture is found in many areas of the state.
Agriculture is fraught with uncertainties, surprises, and intellectual challenges.
Agriculture is fun and exciting, it just needs to be taught that way.
Agriculture is fundamentally ecological in nature.
Agriculture is given special provisions regarding child labor.
Agriculture is good for the environment and farmers want to be part of the solution locally.
Agriculture is good theology.
Agriculture is Guatemala s most important industry.
Agriculture is heavily dependent on the normal arrival of the monsoon.
Agriculture is heavily mechanized and produces surpluses for export.
Agriculture is highly dependent on exports, more than twice as much as other sectors of the economy.
Agriculture is highly efficient.
Agriculture is highly mechanized.
Agriculture is highly productive, with rice, sugar, tea and fruit as the leading crops.
Agriculture is highly specialized and profitable.
Agriculture is human activities.
Agriculture is important as well.
Agriculture is important but industry and tourism have been growing rapidly.
Agriculture is important for achieving sustainable economic growth and reducing rural poverty.
Agriculture is important in Orchard Hills.
Agriculture is important in the area with dairy and fruit farming topping the list.
Agriculture is important locally, particularly in the western part.
Agriculture is important to both our college and our region.
Agriculture is important to every human being.
Agriculture is important to Iowa's economy.
Agriculture is important to Massachusetts' economy and culture.
Agriculture is important to the area as well as timber-related industries.
Agriculture is important to the economy, although subject to periodic droughts.
Agriculture is important to the Mohawk Valley economy.
Agriculture is important today in the Bellingham area.
Agriculture is important, with livestock raising and dairy farming predominant.
Agriculture is impossible except in greenhouses.
Agriculture is in a period of uncertainty.
Agriculture is in a shambles.
Agriculture is in a world game.
Agriculture is in bad shape in rural Russia.
Agriculture is in fact the first example of servile labor in the history of man.
Agriculture is in no better shape.
Agriculture is in the grip of the worst crisis for generations.
Agriculture is in the infant stages of privatization.
Agriculture is in the news.
Agriculture is in trouble in Indonesia, but it is a crisis that is strictly man-made.
Agriculture is included.
Agriculture is inherently a volatile business.
Agriculture is inherently risky.
Agriculture is integral to New York State's economy and culture .
Agriculture is intensive and permanent, and land is in short supply and very expensive to buy.
Agriculture is intensive food production, and especially plant cultivation.
Agriculture is interpreted to include both livestock and plant practices.
Agriculture is it principal outlet.
Agriculture is just like any other opportunity.
Agriculture is key to the economic health of the State of Kansas.
Agriculture is king.
Agriculture is land.
Agriculture is life based on the care of the land.
Agriculture is likely to be the area that attracts the most virulent discussions.
Agriculture is limited almost entirley to the raising of potatoes and other garden vegetables.
Agriculture is limited by erratic precipitation patterns and limited opportunities for irrigation.
Agriculture is limited due to the poor soils.
Agriculture is limited to a few areas of fertile soil and suitable microclimate.
Agriculture is limited to areas next to streams.
Agriculture is limited to production for the domestic market.
Agriculture is limited to subsistence farming and there is very little industry of any description.
Agriculture is livestock or crops, as well as the needed management of farming.
Agriculture is mainly subsistence farming.
Agriculture is Minnesota's leading industry and represents thousands of jobs.
Agriculture is Montana's largest industry.
Agriculture is more demanding here, but farmers raise wheat and graze sheep.
Agriculture is more than a tradition in New Jersey.
Agriculture is more than farming and ranching.
Agriculture is more than just a person sitting on the tractor chewing on a wheat stalk.
Agriculture is more than just a sector of production.
Agriculture is more than just an area of production.
Agriculture is more than twice as dependent on exports as the overall economy.
Agriculture is more viable here than in the mountain areas and so the population is denser.
Agriculture is mostly experiences.
Agriculture is mostly in private hands.
Agriculture is much more than farming.
Agriculture is much the same.
Agriculture is necessary to maintain the food supply.
Agriculture is neither intensive nor large scale in the vicinity of the station.
Agriculture is never partisan.
Agriculture is New York's top industry.
Agriculture is New Zealand's biggest industry.
Agriculture is no exception.
Agriculture is no longer a viable use.
Agriculture is no longer our exclusive domain.
Agriculture is no longer the dominant shaper of rural communities.
Agriculture is no monolith.
Agriculture is North America's largest industry.
Agriculture is North Carolina's number one industry.
Agriculture is nothing more than the management of biological processes to our benefit.
Agriculture is now a dominant use in the region.
Agriculture is now cool.
Agriculture is now mainly for food, except for a bit of coffee.
Agriculture is now the main industry, and tourism is important.
Agriculture is now the main occupation.
Agriculture is of course an area that experiences significant problems from freeze conditions.
Agriculture is of less importance, and manufacturing is still relatively unimportant.
Agriculture is of major importance to the economy, particularly in the central and northern area.
Agriculture is of preeminent importance to the economy of Kansas.
Agriculture is of primary importance to the economy of Lewis County.
Agriculture is of prime importance to the economy of Kern County.
Agriculture is Ohio's number one industry.
Agriculture is on a subsistence level only.
Agriculture is on the threshold of a new green revolution through biotechnology and bio-engineering.
Agriculture is once again at the top of the agenda.
Agriculture is one important example.
Agriculture is one issue that unites people,North and South,in a common interest.
Agriculture is one of California's leading industries.
Agriculture is one of Missouri's biggest and most diversified sources of revenue.
Agriculture is one of northern Wisconsin's primary industries.
Agriculture is one of Ontario's most important economic sectors.
Agriculture is one of our nation s most productive economic sectors.
Agriculture is one of our state's leading resources.
Agriculture is one of several land uses contributing to sedementation.
Agriculture is one of several land uses contributing to sedimentation.
Agriculture is one of Texas' most important industries.
Agriculture is one of the area's primary industries.
Agriculture is one of the big problem areas on the Polish list of accession issues.
Agriculture is one of the biggest income earners and job providers in the Western Cape.
Agriculture is one of the country's most crucial building blocks.
Agriculture is one of the focus areas.
Agriculture is one of the foundations of national development.
Agriculture is one of the main activities in the province.
Agriculture is one of the main branches of the albanian economy.
Agriculture is one of the main industries in Paraguay.
Agriculture is one of the main occupations of people in India.
Agriculture is one of the major contributors of nutrients to the Bay.
Agriculture is one of the major industries in Washington County.
Agriculture is one of the major sources.
Agriculture is one of the major sticking points.
Agriculture is one of the most accident-prone industries in the United States.
Agriculture is one of the most dangerous industries for all workers.
Agriculture is one of the most dangerous industries for youths.
Agriculture is one of the most hazardous occupations in the United States.
Agriculture is one of the most hazardous sectors worldwide, alongside mining and construction.
Agriculture is one of the most important materials produced in North Carolina.
Agriculture is one of the most important sectors in the Kenyan economy.
Agriculture is one of the most influential aspects of our daily lives.
Agriculture is one of the pillars of the economy of Gujarat as also of India.
Agriculture is one of the pillars upon which our strength and prosperity as a Nation rest.
Agriculture is one of the reasons.
Agriculture is one of the state's top industries, providing one in ten jobs.
Agriculture is one of the three most dangerous industries in the United States.
Agriculture is one of the three most hazardous U.S. occupations.
Agriculture is one of the United States' most dangerous occupations.
Agriculture is one sector where there is no informed debate, no holistic view.
Agriculture is one target of deregulation.
Agriculture is one use.
Agriculture is one viable area for international investment with local participation.
Agriculture is only feasible in the few small areas with access to irrigation.
Agriculture is only feasible in the lowest elevations of the basin.
Agriculture is only moderately developed while pig farming is particularly important.
Agriculture is Oregon's leading industry.
Agriculture is organized on a system of mutual help work parties.
Agriculture is our legacy and leadership is our responsibility.
Agriculture is our number one industry.
Agriculture is our second largest resource-based industry.
Agriculture is out.
Agriculture is part of the fabric that makes America great.
Agriculture is Pennsylvania's largest industry.
Agriculture is Pennsylvania's leading industry and dairy is the leading segment of that industry.
Agriculture is possible only in irrigated areas and in small patches of flood plain.
Agriculture is possible thanks to water that comes from numerous wells.
Agriculture is practiced by antiquated methods.
Agriculture is practised along milder coastal areas.
Agriculture is practised along most of the coastal zone.
Agriculture is predominant, with dairying and large muck farms the primary activity.
Agriculture is predominately subsistence based.
Agriculture is primary sectors.
Agriculture is probably humanity's oldest technology.
Agriculture is probably the most inefficient component of the Russian economy.
Agriculture is prosperous, and the amount of production of the rice is the third prize in Japan.
Agriculture is prosperous, but transport problems are hampering movements of grain.
Agriculture is protected by tariffs.
Agriculture is rain-fed in some places and irrigated in others.
Agriculture is relatively unimportant to the economy because of the limited land area available.
Agriculture is relatively unimportant to the economy.
Agriculture is represented by a farmer, horse, and three shocks of wheat.
Agriculture is represented by the leading sectors of farming and animal husbandry.
Agriculture is responsible for an estimated one third of global warming and climate change.
Agriculture is responsible for over a third of emissions.
Agriculture is restricted to the few upland plains, open valleys, and terraced hillsides.
Agriculture is rice-based, but maize, soybean, tobacco, flax and fruits are also important.
Agriculture is risk.
Agriculture is rural Manitoba.
Agriculture is seafood, nursery stock, dairy products, vegetables and livestock.
Agriculture is second only to forestry as a form of land use in North Carolina.
Agriculture is seen as a particularly sensitive and problematic sector.
Agriculture is shown to highlight resource value and viewshed.
Agriculture is small potatoes indeed when compared to man's own waste.
Agriculture is sparse and limited around the park boundaries.
Agriculture is specialized in potato growing, and milk and meat cattle breeding.
Agriculture is still a big part of our lifestyle, through crops, livestock and timber.
Agriculture is still a major industry today.
Agriculture is still a major producer of income.
Agriculture is still a very important part of the fabric of the Australian nation.
Agriculture is still an important aspect of community life today.
Agriculture is still important, especially production of livestock and tobacco.
Agriculture is still important, with cotton and tobacco the main cash crops.
Agriculture is still New York's largest industry.
Agriculture is still number one, followed by tourism.
Agriculture is still our largest business, concentrated on dairies and vineyards.
Agriculture is still our major money maker and creates thousand of jobs in spin-off industries.
Agriculture is still relatively significant in the local economy.
Agriculture is still significant to Spain's economy.
Agriculture is still small-scale and the environment clean and unspoilt.
Agriculture is still the area's main economic activity.
Agriculture is still the biggest producer in the county.
Agriculture is still the king.
Agriculture is still the largest industry, involving about two thirds of the population.
Agriculture is still the largest single source of greenhouse gases in Ireland.
Agriculture is still the lifeblood of Montana.
Agriculture is still the main cause.
Agriculture is still the major economic base in many Asian countries.
Agriculture is still the major source of employment and income generation.
Agriculture is still the most important sector, both in terms of employment and production.
Agriculture is still the number one industry of Bolivar County.
Agriculture is still the prevalent activity.
Agriculture is still the region's basic industry.
Agriculture is still very important to the economy, and is the largest employer.
Agriculture is strategically vital to the welfare and national security of all people.
Agriculture is subsidised and used as a political means to keep people living in the districts.
Agriculture is subsidised in France too.
Agriculture is such an important part of the Australian economy.
Agriculture is surrounded by universities and engineering societies, and so on.
Agriculture is taken as an elective along with the student's regular schedule.
Agriculture is taught in the classroom and in the field.
Agriculture is that activity that produces commodities for the international market.
Agriculture is the back bone of Pakistan's economy.
Agriculture is the back home of all settled societies.
Agriculture is the backbone of Chico.
Agriculture is the backbone of our county.
Agriculture is the backbone of our economy.
Agriculture is the backbone of Person County's economy.
Agriculture is the backbone of the economy and the culture.
Agriculture is the backbone of the economy of any country, either developed or developing.
Agriculture is the backbone of the economy.
Agriculture is the backbone of the Ghanaian economy.
Agriculture is the backbone of the New Zealand economy.
Agriculture is the backbone of the Zimbabwean economy.
Agriculture is the backbone of Uganda's economy.
Agriculture is the basic economic activity of the Tzeltal peasants.
Agriculture is the basic income-producing activity.
Agriculture is the basic industry of the area.
Agriculture is the basic industry of the islands.
Agriculture is the basic occupation.
Agriculture is the basic pillar of the economy.
Agriculture is the basic underlying strength of the Yakima County economy.
Agriculture is the basis for civilizations large and small.
Agriculture is the basis of China's wealth and civilization.
Agriculture is the basis of everything in the world.
Agriculture is the basis of the stability and sustainability of almost all cultures.
Agriculture is the beginning of all things.
Agriculture is the big user and they're regulating houses.
Agriculture is the big winner as modern biotechnology progresses.
Agriculture is the biggest consumer of water through irrigation.
Agriculture is the biggest part of Indonesia's economy.
Agriculture is the biggest polluter, even more so than industries and municipalities.
Agriculture is the biggest single user of water - used mainly for irrigation.
Agriculture is the biggest source of production and employment in rural areas.
Agriculture is the central economic force in Fresno County.
Agriculture is the chief economic activity.
Agriculture is the chief industry, with most people engaged in subsistence farming or stock raising.
Agriculture is the chief occupation in Liberia.
Agriculture is the chief occupation of the inhabitants.
Agriculture is the chief occupation.
Agriculture is the country's most important source of foreign exchange followed by animal products.
Agriculture is the county's second industry.
Agriculture is the cultivation of crops and raising of livestock for human and animal consumption.
Agriculture is the dominant activity in the country along with forestry.
Agriculture is the dominant industry in the rural sector.
Agriculture is the dominant industry in the valley.
Agriculture is the dominant land use in the Red River of the North Basin Study Unit.
Agriculture is the dominant land use in the study area.
Agriculture is the dominant land use.
Agriculture is the driving force in the Shan economy.
Agriculture is the earliest and most honorable of arts.
Agriculture is the economic base of our area.
Agriculture is the economic, social, and environmental foundation of the Great Central Valley.
Agriculture is the foundation and most important sector of China's economy.
Agriculture is the foundation and the most important industry in the world.
Agriculture is the foundation of our country.
Agriculture is the foundation of our lives.
Agriculture is the foundation of our nation's economy.
Agriculture is the foundation of successful economic systems.
Agriculture is the foundation stone for every African economy.
Agriculture is the greatest among the arts, for it is first in supplying our necessities.
Agriculture is the greatest industry of the Filipino people.
Agriculture is the heart of Idaho's economy and the bedrock of rural communities.
Agriculture is the heart of many rural communities in Newfoundland.
Agriculture is the key industry of the world.
Agriculture is the largest and fastest growing sector of the province's economy.
Agriculture is the largest and most important industry.
Agriculture is the largest employer and the biggest industry in the county.
Agriculture is the largest employer in the region.
Agriculture is the largest employer of labor.
Agriculture is the largest industry in our county and also a significant part of our town.
Agriculture is the largest sector in terms of employment.
Agriculture is the largest segment of the U.S. economy.
Agriculture is the largest single segment of the U.S. economy.
Agriculture is the largest source by far.
Agriculture is the largest user of water due to irrigation.
Agriculture is the latter.
Agriculture is the leading business of the town, to which the soil is well adapted.
Agriculture is the leading employer in Washington.
Agriculture is the leading industry in Kansas.
Agriculture is the leading industry in the area which is also famous for excellent hunting.
Agriculture is the leading industry in the area, which is also famous for excellent hunting.
Agriculture is the leading pursuit of the inhabitants.
Agriculture is the linchpin to our economic future and success.
Agriculture is the main cause of deforestation.
Agriculture is the main challenge.
Agriculture is the main drain on the water supply.
Agriculture is the main economic activity in the Gaza Strip.
Agriculture is the main economy of North Dakota's people.
Agriculture is the main economy of our region and the state.
Agriculture is the main industry in the area.
Agriculture is the main occupation of people .
Agriculture is the main occupation of the nationality.
Agriculture is the main occupation of the people .
Agriculture is the main occupation of the people.
Agriculture is the main occupation, aided by lumbering and chicken raising.
Agriculture is the main occupation, and there is some mining and manufacturing.
Agriculture is the main occupation.
Agriculture is the main profession of the state.
Agriculture is the main sector for the economic development of rural areas.
Agriculture is the main source of employment.
Agriculture is the main source of income.
Agriculture is the main source of livelihood.
Agriculture is the main source of people 's income .
Agriculture is the main source of people's income.
Agriculture is the main source of sediment in much of the state.
Agriculture is the main source of wealth.
Agriculture is the main- stay of employment.
Agriculture is the main stay of the economy.
Agriculture is the main vocation of Cayuga, it still being what is called a rural county.
Agriculture is the mainstay of employment.
Agriculture is the mainstay of Punjab' s economy.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the economy in the area.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the economy with sugar cane, cotton and fruits as the major crops.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the economy, but mining and tourism are important.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the economy.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the ethnic group.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the island's economy, with bananas being the main crop.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the local economy with many students living in farm related families.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the local economy.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the nationality.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the state s economy.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the states economy.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the Valley's economy.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the village economy.
Agriculture is the mainstay to Florida's economy.
Agriculture is the major commercial activity.
Agriculture is the major economic controller in Cambodia.
Agriculture is the major industry in many rural communities, and it has significant risks.
Agriculture is the major industry in the county.
Agriculture is the major industry.
Agriculture is the major occupation in the region.
Agriculture is the major problem in Austria and Germany and hardest to combat.
Agriculture is the major use of surface water in the watershed.
Agriculture is the means of livelihood of about two-thirds of the work force in the country.
Agriculture is the most dangerous industry.
Agriculture is the most dangerous occupation open to minors in the United States.
Agriculture is the most destructive activity on the face of the earth.
Agriculture is the most extensive and oldest traditional technology.
Agriculture is the most hazardous occupation in the United States.
Agriculture is the most important activity.
Agriculture is the most important and prevalent occupation worldwide - and the most dangerous.
Agriculture is the most important commercial activity on the reservation.
Agriculture is the most important economic activity in Papua New Guinea.
Agriculture is the most important economic sector of Somalia.
Agriculture is the most important economic sector.
Agriculture is the most important element of the local economy.
Agriculture is the most important part of our area's economy.
Agriculture is the most important section of the local economy.
Agriculture is the most important sector in Sabah.
Agriculture is the most important sector of county-centered local economies.
Agriculture is the most problematic area for enforceable mechanisms.
Agriculture is the most protected industry in most foreign countries.
Agriculture is the most vulnerable sector of the economy.
Agriculture is the most widespread cause of nonpoint source pollution.
Agriculture is the nation's largest industry.
Agriculture is the nation's largest single industry.
Agriculture is the number one employer in Pawnee County.
Agriculture is the number one industry in Mercer County and in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Agriculture is the number one industry in the United States.
Agriculture is the only economic sector in which private ownership is still important.
Agriculture is the only employment.
Agriculture is the only source of employment for seventy percent of Haiti s population.
Agriculture is the peninsula's primary land use.
Agriculture is the predominant economic activity in Chad.
Agriculture is the predominant land use activity, with silviculture most important.
Agriculture is the predominant land use in the outlying areas of the watershed.
Agriculture is the predominant land use in the watershed.
Agriculture is the predominant land use within the watershed.
Agriculture is the predominant land use.
Agriculture is the predominant sector of the Tanzanian economy.
Agriculture is the predominating economic activity in the region.
Agriculture is the primary basis of the economy.
Agriculture is the primary economic activity in the Arab homeland.
Agriculture is the primary economic activity in the Arab world.
Agriculture is the primary economic activity, and wheat is the main crop.
Agriculture is the primary economic base in the district.
Agriculture is the primary force behind life.
Agriculture is the primary industry for Glenn County.
Agriculture is the primary industry of the area.
Agriculture is the primary land use activity in the lower basin.
Agriculture is the primary land use throughout the valley and includes some managed forestland.
Agriculture is the primary land use.
Agriculture is the primary means of livelihood.
Agriculture is the primary occupation in Spain.
Agriculture is the primary source of nitrate contamination.
Agriculture is the principal economy of New Zealand.
Agriculture is the principal industry in the southern part of the state.
Agriculture is the principal industry of the locality and the school.
Agriculture is the principal industry on which the New Zealand economy is based.
Agriculture is the principal land use and the area is dotted with small woods.
Agriculture is the principle force of the economy.
Agriculture is the profession of the most of the people .
Agriculture is the profession of the most of the people.
Agriculture is the province's third largest primary industry, behind forestry and mining.
Agriculture is the region's basic industry.
Agriculture is the science that started civilization.
Agriculture is the second challenge.
Agriculture is the second largest industry in Texas.
Agriculture is the second largest industry in the region.
Agriculture is the second largest use of land in the Potomac River watershed.
Agriculture is the second largest user of antidumping and countervailing duty remedies.
Agriculture is the second largest user of water.
Agriculture is the second leading source of impairment to Pennsylvania's rivers and streams.
Agriculture is the second most important sector of the economy after oil and gas.
Agriculture is the second-most dangerous occupation overall.
Agriculture is the sector of the state's economy most immediately at risk.
Agriculture is the single most important economic sector in most Wisconsin counties.
Agriculture is the single most important part of the state's economy.
Agriculture is the soul of every society.
Agriculture is the source of the country's strength.
Agriculture is the staple industry of mankind.
Agriculture is the state's biggest industry.
Agriculture is the state's chief water consumer.
Agriculture is the state's largest industry.
Agriculture is the state's main economic activity.
Agriculture is the state's number one industry.
Agriculture is the state's top industry.
Agriculture is the top-ranked industry of the state.
Agriculture is the town's primary business.
Agriculture is the way of life here.
Agriculture is the world s oldest, largest, and most essential industry.
Agriculture is the world's leading source of employment.
Agriculture is the worst place possible to allow for a profit modus operandi.
Agriculture is their main occupation.
Agriculture is their mainstay.
Agriculture is therefore of limited importance.
Agriculture is thought by some as the growing giant consumer of IT and electronic technologies.
Agriculture is thought to be major contributor of non-point pollution.
Agriculture is threatened by agribusiness.
Agriculture is too big to be carried by the rest of the economy.
Agriculture is too important and vital a resource to be left in the hands of individual farmers.
Agriculture is too recent.
Agriculture is too vital to be broken down into preferred aggregates.
Agriculture is top-rated for both teaching and research.
Agriculture is treated as a specialized form of industry with unique needs.
Agriculture is twice as dependent on exports as the overall economy.
Agriculture is twice as dependent on exports as the rest of the U.S. economy.
Agriculture is twice as important to the region as it is to the country as a whole.
Agriculture is under attack on numerous fronts-biotech, trade and now transportation.
Agriculture is unnatural, weeding is unnatural.
Agriculture is used primarily to support large concentrations of wintering waterfowl.
Agriculture is usually the first economic sector to be affected by drought.
Agriculture is usually the predominant economic activity and change and growth proceed very slowly.
Agriculture is very dependent on the export market.
Agriculture is very important in Eastern Oregon.
Agriculture is very important in the national economy.
Agriculture is very important to Florida's economy.
Agriculture is very important to Kenya.
Agriculture is very limited in the area.
Agriculture is very poor due to the permafrost.
Agriculture is very rain dependent and production can vary considerably year to year.
Agriculture is vital for human existence, but so is our environment.
Agriculture is vital to America and vital to Southwest Missouri.
Agriculture is vital to both the Northern and Southern economies.
Agriculture is vital to Illinois.
Agriculture is vital to Indiana.
Agriculture is vital to the economy of North Carolina.
Agriculture is vitally important to the Maryland economy and to our culture and quality of life.
Agriculture is Washington's largest industry.
Agriculture is Wayne County s number one industry.
Agriculture is well developed, especially meat production, and provides a surplus for export.
Agriculture is well serviced by farm equipment agencies and produce markets.
Agriculture is willing to be a part of reasonable and lawful water quality management programs.
Agriculture is woven into the fabric of our state's towns and cities.
Agriculture is, by far, the defining trade problem for much of the world.
Agriculture is, by far, the largest consumer of water in the state.
Agriculture is, in fact, the most destructive thing that people have done to the planet.
Agriculture is, of course, a mainstay of the Montana economy.
Agriculture isa commerce.
Agriculture keeps on generating revenue for the county year after year .
Agriculture leads the list as the number one industry.
Agriculture Look up businesses in the various fields of agriculture.
Agriculture looks for viral resistant varieties.
Agriculture looks like a done deal and there is an agreed form of words on labour standards.
Agriculture mainly produces rice , tea , coffee , spices and rubber .
Agriculture makes a large economic impact and oil production is significant.
Agriculture makes a large use of incentive pay, most typically in the form of piece rate.
Agriculture makes a major contribution to the local economy.
Agriculture makes heavy use of fresh water.
Agriculture makes up a small proportion of the economic activity in Madison County.
Agriculture manages land for both agriculture and wildlife.
Agriculture means more than just being a farmer.
Agriculture necessitates certainty and predictability.
Agriculture needs a comprehensive view.
Agriculture needs a strong person to save it from itself as well.
Agriculture needs more people with a passion to educate the masses about farming.
Agriculture needs open space to stay in business.
Agriculture needs special support.
Agriculture needs to be profitable from the output price side and the input cost side.
Agriculture needs to be protected to save fertile land from being sold to builders.
Agriculture needs to be specifically targeted through public investment.
Agriculture needs to counter false charges and educate the general public and government officials.
Agriculture needs to stay on top of events to prepare for the future.
Agriculture needs to take it very seriously.
Agriculture needs water.
Agriculture now is dominated by banana cultivation.
Agriculture obviously has a piece of it.
Agriculture occupies most of the working population, producing both subsistence and cash crops.
Agriculture occupies the largest part of the member states surface.
Agriculture occupies the most prominent place in Punjab s economy.
Agriculture Offers educational programs to encourage environmentally friendly farming practices.
Agriculture offers less and less opportunity.
Agriculture places the heaviest demand on the resource.
Agriculture plays a dominant role in the Yuma County economy.
Agriculture plays a important role in industry and the economics of the county.
Agriculture plays a key role in human life.
Agriculture plays a key role in the Texas economy.
Agriculture plays a large part in that physical diversity.
Agriculture plays a large part in the production of biomass power.
Agriculture plays a large role in the town s economy.
Agriculture plays a major part in the economy as well.
Agriculture plays a major part in the Kenyan economy.
Agriculture plays a major role in Culbertson s economy.
Agriculture plays a major role in the local economy.
Agriculture plays a major role in the regional economy.
Agriculture plays a major role in the security of food supply.
Agriculture plays a major role in the water shortage.
Agriculture plays a vital role in North Carolina.
Agriculture plays a vital role in the economic stability of Indiana.
Agriculture plays an extensive and essential part in today's economy.
Agriculture plays an important economic and social role in Brazil.
Agriculture plays an important part in the economy of the area.
Agriculture plays an important role in Australia s economy.
Agriculture plays an important role in protecting and enhancing our environmental quality of life.
Agriculture plays an important role in Stuart.
Agriculture plays an important role in the District's economy.
Agriculture plays an important role in the local economy.
Agriculture plays an important role to driving and maintaining the economy of the country.
Agriculture plays an important role.
Agriculture predominates in domestic production.
Agriculture predominates in the watershed.
Agriculture predominates, with dairying and cash cropping the primary activities.
Agriculture presently contributes greatly to environmental degradation.
Agriculture produces a new crop every year, feeds the country, and cuts down on imports.
Agriculture produces a number of pollutants.
Agriculture produces beef and dairy cattle, bananas, coffee, corn, and rice.
Agriculture produces many situations which can cause injury or illness.
Agriculture produces very little food.
Agriculture produces wheat, barley, oats, rye, wool and sheep meat, cattle.
Agriculture produces wheat, barley, rice, and oats.
Agriculture proliferates on the fertile soils of river flood plains.
Agriculture provides a firm foundation for economic growth in Michigan.
Agriculture provides a source of multiple livelihoods.
Agriculture provides a subsistence livelihood for the bulk of the population.
Agriculture provides jobs and is a major contributor to Canada's balance of trade.
Agriculture Provides links to internet resources relevant to agriculture.
Agriculture Provides links.
Agriculture provides millions of jobs.
Agriculture provides more jobs than any other economic activity.
Agriculture provides more services to society than just producing calories or income per hectare.
Agriculture provides most of the income in the district.
Agriculture provides natural rubber, rice, timber, coconut and pepper.
Agriculture provides open space, wildlife habitat and economic activity.
Agriculture provides quantity and the forest provides quality to daily diet.
Agriculture provides real career paths and opportunities for success.
Agriculture provides the economic base with major exports made up of copra and citrus fruit.
Agriculture provides the grain for our daily bread as well as producing the rest of our food supply.
Agriculture pumps tens of billions of dollars into Iowa's economy every year.
Agriculture ranks among the most hazardous industries.
Agriculture ranks second after tourism in contributions to Florida's economy.
Agriculture ranks second only to mining in terms of risk for fatal injury.
Agriculture reaches far beyond the farm.
Agriculture receives indirect subsidies via special energy tariffs and input supply schemes.
Agriculture reduces the trade deficit.
Agriculture refers to the culture, to the community that develops from the cultivation of land.
Agriculture releases other powerful GHGs, such as methane and nitrous oxide.
Agriculture relies heavily on groundwater, especially where water is the most scarce.
Agriculture relies on irrigation.
Agriculture relies on it, but it can also be a major source of water pollution.
Agriculture relies on nonrenewable resources such as fossil fuels and mineral fertilizers.
Agriculture relies on rain.
Agriculture relies on use.
Agriculture relies on yearly rain.
Agriculture reluctantly drags the plough and harrow to the field, only when scourged by necessity.
Agriculture remains a key element of the region's economy.
Agriculture remains a key sector of the economy.
Agriculture remains a livelihood for many regional citizens.
Agriculture remains a mainstay of the economy.
Agriculture remains a major contributor to Canada's trade on international markets.
Agriculture remains a major factor in the local economy.
Agriculture remains a major industry in the area, particularly the production of tobacco and hogs.
Agriculture remains a prime industry with large sugar cane plantations and pineapple cultivation.
Agriculture remains a top economic sector.
Agriculture remains a vital part of the economy, though of lesser importance than in the past.
Agriculture remains an important industry in the county.
Agriculture remains an important industry, though one in decline.
Agriculture remains an important mainstay here, too, with citrus and fern leading the way.
Agriculture remains an important part of the economy.
Agriculture remains an important part of the local economy.
Agriculture remains an important part of Wisconsin's economy. .
Agriculture remains another problem area.
Agriculture remains as a major part of the local economy.
Agriculture Remains basic form of life for most.
Agriculture remains dominant - but only as far as land use is concerned.
Agriculture remains important to the economy of the area.
Agriculture remains important, but inshore fishing is now only a small scale industry.
Agriculture remains Ireland's single largest emitter of greenhouse gases.
Agriculture remains one of Egypt's most important sectors.
Agriculture remains one of Switzerland's most sheltered markets.
Agriculture remains one of the mainstays of the Cypriot economy.
Agriculture remains one of the most dangerous occupations.
Agriculture remains one of the most hazardous industries in the nation.
Agriculture remains one of the most protected industries in many countries.
Agriculture remains problematic.
Agriculture remains the base of the national economy.
Agriculture remains the chief industry.
Agriculture remains the county's top industry.
Agriculture remains the dominant force in the regional economy.
Agriculture remains the dominant industry in the provincial economy, as it has since colonial times.
Agriculture remains the dominant land use and the main environmental stress on the ecozone .
Agriculture remains the largest employer and is almost entirely in private hands.
Agriculture remains the largest industry in Sussex County.
Agriculture remains the mainstay of the subcontinent's economy.
Agriculture remains the most important sector for employment and income generation.
Agriculture remains the most significant sector of the economy.
Agriculture remains the principal employer in Vietnam.
Agriculture remains the single largest segment of Georgia's economy.
Agriculture remains the single most important sector of our economy.
Agriculture remains underdeveloped, the rice industry being the only fully developed sector.
Agriculture remains vital another local industry.
Agriculture removes plant material from the soil with the minerals.
Agriculture Reports from the agricultural sector are generally quite strong.
Agriculture represents an important role in the state economy.
Agriculture represents only a fraction of the Alaska economy.
Agriculture requires a consistent irrigation water supply.
Agriculture requires a large amount of laboratory space.
Agriculture requires a vision that transcends traditional sector approaches based on production.
Agriculture requires careful tending of the plants or animals being raised.
Agriculture requires considerable water resources as does the growing population of the state.
Agriculture requires input.
Agriculture requires more consistent energy inputs.
Agriculture requires very hard work, and it is always praised in the Zoroastrian religion.
Agriculture requires water for animals and plants to grow.
Agriculture results in fragmentation.
Agriculture results in growth.
Agriculture See Another dept.
Agriculture seems to be no light job.
Agriculture shapes social institutions like group labor, land tenure, settlement pattern.
Agriculture signifies big business and employment opportunities for Louisiana.
Agriculture stands to gain most.
Agriculture starts here.
Agriculture Starts Here.
Agriculture still accounts for half of economic output.
Agriculture still buttresses most communities.
Agriculture still drives the country's export economy.
Agriculture still plays a role here.
Agriculture still plays a vital role.
Agriculture still provides a major employment base.
Agriculture still ranks as one of the top three most hazardous occupations.
Agriculture still remains within state control.
Agriculture stretches to the horizon, orchards and fields of sweetcorn.
Agriculture strongly encourages partnerships throughout the agri-food industry.
Agriculture suffers first and most severely - yet eventually everyone feels the impact.
Agriculture suffers from arid conditions and poor irrigation.
Agriculture supports the economy.
Agriculture surrounds and permeates all other types of ecosystems.
Agriculture sustains most of the working population.
Agriculture takes less land area to support a community of a given size.
Agriculture takes on only a very small part in Singapore's economy.
Agriculture takes place on small family farms, large farms, and industrial farms.
Agriculture There are also some good agriculture resources available to all farmers.
Agriculture there depends on irrigation either from local streams or the Jordan River.
Agriculture there is more diversified, with the population increasing.
Agriculture too is in increasing crisis.
Agriculture too plays an important role in the state economy.
Agriculture too presents a rather indifferent picture.
Agriculture truly reaches into all walks of life.
Agriculture uses chitosan as a feed supplement for hogs and as a seed coating.
Agriculture uses gravity flow in elevators, in feed plants, and in soils.
Agriculture uses insecticides and pesticides.
Agriculture uses seventy percent of the freshwater in the world each year.
Agriculture uses water mainly for irrigation.
Agriculture varies somewhat by crop and location, but farm finances are generally strong.
Agriculture views transportation from an inter-modal perspective.
Agriculture Welcome to Iberian Horses For Sale.
Agriculture wins big-time in the long run.
AgriCultures are extraordinarily effective and consistently demonstrate successful results.
AgriCultures liberate nutrients and minerals and are nitrogen-fixing.
Agriculture always loses.
Agriculture frequently increases erosion.
Agriculture frequently suffers the effects of droughts .
Agriculture frequently suffers the effects of droughts.
Agriculture sometimes receives a lot of negative press because of the environmental impact.
Agriculture usually suffers.
Agriculture usually takes the form of cattle ranching and some production of alfalfa hay.
All agriculture is cyclical.
Most agriculture causes damage.
Most agriculture causes permanent damage.
Most agriculture depends on conditions.
Most agriculture depends on environmental conditions.
Most agriculture depends on rainfall.
Most agriculture has resources.
Most agriculture improves quality.
Most agriculture includes domestication.
Most agriculture is concentrated on the coastal plain, where sugar is the main crop.
Most agriculture is devoted to grape cultivation and fruit and vegetable farming.
Most agriculture is done intensively in closed, hydroponic systems.
Most agriculture is done on small plots, often a distance from where the farmer lives.
Most agriculture is pastoral.
Most agriculture is rainfed.
Most agriculture relies on rain.
Most agriculture relies on use.
Most agriculture relies on yearly rain.
Most agriculture requires input.
Much agriculture is in the margin of forested lands.
Some agriculture destroys habitats.
Some agriculture destroys suitable habitats.
Some agriculture eliminates trees.
Some agriculture has emphasis.
Some agriculture has impact.
Some agriculture has specific emphasis.
Some agriculture is evident in the broad floodplain, but little housing.
Some agriculture is less reliable.
Some agriculture kills baobab trees.
Some agriculture kills trees.
Some agriculture produces fruit.
Some agriculture results from damage.
Some agriculture results in extinction.
Some agriculture results in population extinction.
Agricultureal land is more structured than nonurbanized and non farming land.
Agriculturists advise the use of traditional and time-tested seeds for paddy.
Agriculturists also consider the porcupine a pest when it forages on crops such as corn.
Agriculturists are farmers.
Agriculturists are workers.
Agriculturists can have a small breakfast and then go without any food until late in the afternoon.
Agriculturists harvest their crops.
Agriculturists have entry forms for the contest.
An agriculturist is a farmer
Many agriculturists possess insights and abilities potentially transferable to wildland studies.
Agrifood products affected include citrus fruit, pears and peaches.
Agrimonetary compensation is an important benefit for British agriculture.
Agrimonia has a bitterish, harsh, subastringent taste, which is somewhat aromatic, but unpleasant.
An agrimonia is a herb
Agrimony people are often unusually sensitive, and one of their greatest desires is for harmony.
Agrimony people make the ideal patients in hospitals.
Agriphone messages are available by calling a local or toll-free phone numbers.
Agrochemical inputs are very high, and management techniques are very intensive.
Agroindustrial produce includes cocoa butter and processed tobacco.
Agronomic consultants are in a position that allows for unlimited learning experiences.
Agronomic crops are a major area of research here.
Agronomic input includes planting date and population data.
Agronomic plants regenerate primarily through the process of somatic embryogenesis.
All agronomic reports are public documents.
Agronomic work involves spatial technology and conservation system research.
Agronomists are concerned with producing food and with protecting soil and water resources.
Agronomists are experts.
Agronomists are scientists.
Agronomists are workers.
Agronomists define a weed as a plant that is unwelcome in their fields.
Agronomists develop methods of growing crops with higher yield and improved characteristics.
Agronomists develop ways of growing crops that produce better.
Agronomists investigate improvement programs for wheat, sorghum, soybeans, and other grains.
Agronomists make practical use of plant and soil sciences to increase the yield of field crops.
Agronomists receive a broad education in the basic physical, biological, and natural sciences.
Agronomists routinely take stem samples for aphid counts.
Agronomists study crops, soil scientists study soil, hydrologists study water.
Agronomists study the particular plant science concerning crop production.
Agronomists work in varied settings.
An agronomist is an expert
Many agronomists use 'foot-square' counts to rate their fields.
Some agronomists believe that rock flour has a powerful effect in restoring trace minerals to soil .
Some agronomists believe that rock flour has a powerful effect in restoring trace minerals to soil.
Some agronomists routinely take stem samples for aphid counts.
Some agronomists routinely take stem samples from aphid counts.
Most agronomy students earn degree credit through internships or independent study.
Agrostis species are notorious for hybridizing freely.
All AGSM faculty have international experience and most have extensive consulting experience.
AGSM students volunteer through the church to serve as business advisors to the businesses.
AGST students can also use the libraries of the participating seminaries.
Agua isa frog.
Agua isa toad.
Aguas have (part) brains.
Aguas have (part) breasts.
Aguas have (part) cell membranes.
Aguas have (part) cells.
Aguas have (part) chest cavities.
Aguas have (part) chests.
Aguas have (part) corpi.
Aguas have (part) cytoplasm.
Aguas have (part) ears.
Aguas have (part) faces.
Aguas have (part) heads.
Aguas have (part) nuclei.
Aguas have (part) pedal extremities.
Aguas have (part) plasma membranes.
Aguas have (part) rib cages.
Aguas have (part) sections.
Aguas have (part) skulls.
Aguas have (part) sterna.
Aguas have (part) vacuoles.
Aguas have (part) vertebrate feet.
Agung volcano is in the background.
Agusta management describes the company as organized like a network.
Aharac body is very small in size.
AHCA authorities say they are trying to address inspection and documentation flaws in the system.
Ahhh life is good.
AHIP membership is also desirable.
Ahnentafel numbers lend themselves to more options for displaying ancestors.
Aho road runs north to the parkway.
AI applications tend to require a lot of support and they tend to have a lot of future-risk.
Ai City is a decent little anime.
AI files can fire triggers.
Ai is an edentate
Ai is artificial intelligence.
Ai is good.
Ai is terms.
Ai is writers.
AIs are also know an robots, sentient beings, and djinns.
AIs are available to entering and continuing Ph.D. students.
AIs are prefixes which indicate the meaning and format of the data which follows.
AIs can apply to teach during the Summer Session in Bloomington.
AIs can build irrigations anywhere.
AIs declare war on Martian humans.
AIs have a range of modes.
Any AI doing so is subject to termination.
AIAC members are leaders in the urban Indian community.
AICC recommendations are fairly general to most types of computer-based training.
AICI members are in good company.
Aid agencies activate global response.
Aid agencies appeal for help in food crises.
Aid agencies are everywhere, distributing things, setting up hospitals.
Aid agencies are overwhelmed.
Aid agencies blame the attitude of the local Serbian authorities for the problem.
Aid agencies disagree.
Aid agencies estimate the death toll to be well into the thousands.
Aid agencies have a major role to play in supporting development of such uses.
Aid agencies have no access inside Kosovo, to provide protection or food aid.
Aid agencies operating there say the plight of the refugees is worsening.
Aid agencies report that the militia terror is worsening.
Aid agencies represent government.
Aid agencies say the government is the obstacle to making progress.
Aid agencies say there are no signs of epidemics developing yet.
Aid agencies say there is a lot more the Australian government, companies and public can do to help.
Aid agencies say they face the same problem.
Aid agencies say widespread famine is just weeks away unless massive aid comes now.
Aid agencies set up water points, health posts and biscuit distribution sites along the route.
Aid agencies tell a different story.
Aid agencies working in Iraq say it is the same story at other hospitals across the country.
Many aid agencies lack full confidence in the government's agenda.
Most aid agencies represent government.
Aid societies offer legal services.
Aid societies offer services.
Aid stations remain open based on a six hour pace time.
An aid station is a station
Aid workers admit they are overwhelmed.
Aid workers are overwhelmed.
Aid workers attribute the birth explosion to different factors.
Aid workers experience delays regarding travel permits and visas, and sometimes are arrested.
Aid workers help build greenhouses and start car repair shops and other businesses.
Aid workers know where it's safe to go.
Aid workers live in fear of the first cases of cholera.
Aid workers report serious emotional problems for survivors of the disaster.
Aid workers report they are running out of clean water, heightening the risk of a cholera outbreaks.
Aid workers say a lack of medical care is hindering efforts to prevent illness and disease.
Aid workers say food distribution is no longer necessary.
Aid workers say get food and material aid to the affected people has to be the priority.
Aid workers say malaria is running at four times the normal rate.
Aid workers say militias have been separating independence supporters from other refugees.
Aid workers say much of the civilian population in the enclave is on the brink of starvation.
Aid workers say people are desperate just to escape the fighting.
Aid workers say people are now moving from rural areas into the towns in search of food and water.
Aid workers say ponds and wells in villages have also been contaminated.
Aid workers say some people are eating shoots, roots and grass to survive.
Aid workers say the conditions here are even worse than in Gaza.
Aid workers say the greatest danger now is from waterborne diseases and malaria.
Aid workers say the same holds true for most towns outside the capital.
Aid workers say the situation remains precarious.
Aid workers say the tidal wave destroyed far more than the villages.
Aid workers say the worst is yet to come.
Aid workers say they are unable to reach the refugees because of the remoteness of the area.
Aid workers say thousands of Afghani people continue to try to flee across the border into Pakistan.
Aid workers suspect retreating Indonesian troops are responsible.
Some aid workers question ethic.
Aid adjusts the tax mix to the levels that state policy makers think are appropriate.
Aid also is available for single parents.
Aid are on top of the cap.
Aid awarded includes scholarships, grants, low-interest loans and student employment.
Aid awarded is based on a full-time enrollment status.
AID begins planning for democratic transition.
Aid begins to pour in for strikers from all over the state.
Aid can also be a verb but aide can only be a noun.
Aid can also be something akin to a bribe.
Aid can also help creating new organisational constellations, and broker new forms of cooperation.
Aid can change.
Aid can come in the form of scholarships, loans, or grants.
Aid can cover all or some portion of tuition, books, fees, and a stipend for four years.
Aid can even undermine, rather than help develop, the recipient's institutions.
Aid can inhibit the commitment to reform of even more responsible governments.
Aid can only apply to one year of remedial course work that is necessary and approved.
Aid comes from an unusual source when the protective satellite oysters come to their rescue.
Aid comes from federal, state and local programs.
Aid comes in a variety of forms, including grants, loans, and part-time employment.
Aid comes in an unrelated case.
Aid comes in lots of forms.
Aid comes in the form of federal and state grants, work-study, scholarships, and loans.
Aid comes in the form of financial assistance as well as help in planning and design of roads.
Aid comes in the form of loans, grants, scholarships, and jobs.
AID comes up with a newsletter every month.
Aid comprises only part of what makes or breaks a student s enrollment and completion of college.
Aid conceals the vacuum.
Aid consists of a tuition award and a stipend.
Aid continues for four years, contingent on normal progress through the program.
Aid continues to pour in from all over the world.
AID costs billions annually in health care expenses and lost productivity.
Aid covers regular college classes only.
Aid disbursed too late is akin to a missed opportunity.
Aid does exist.
AID does have administrative costs.
Aid does just the opposite.
Aid does little to fill the gap.
Aid does the same, but on a collective level.
Aid faces further hurdles in recipient countries.
Aid forms a key component of Hanoi's development strategy and is a valuable source of hard currency.
Aid generally is awarded for the full academic year.
Aid generally takes the form of capital grants.
AID Get out of the sun, and out of the heat if possible.
Aid gets manipulated, feeds the killers, fuels the conflict, prolongs the crisis.
AID Give first aid for the problem at hand.
AID gives PVOs which cost-share greater independence to program funds.
Aid goes instead to Bosnia and Albania.
Aid granted directly from private sources is very difficult to find.
Aid has a similar effect on infant mortality, but again only if there is good management.
Aid has many negative side-effects, such as increasing dependency and disturbing local structures.
AID has many very talented staff who make life better for millions of people.
Aid has to be provided in a simple and flexible way.
Aid has to be timely, adequate and co-ordinated.
Aid has to be timely, adequate and coordinated.
Aid helps everyone, including British business, by opening up new export markets.
Aid helps incumbents expand their power through political patronage.
AID identifies a variety of causes that result in poverty and injustice.
Aid includes blankets, medicines, food and clothing.
Aid includes federal state subsidized programs, loans, part-time employment, and scholarships.
Aid includes fellowships, traineeships, teaching assistantships, and research assistantships.
Aid includes grants , scholarships , loans , and student employment .
Aid includes loans, grants, and fellowships.
Aid includes the purchase of equipment and communications services.
AID is a discourse on emergency ham radio service.
Aid is a highly generalized term, covering both grants and loans.
AID is a leading manufacturer of custom keyboards and multifunction data input subsystems.
Aid is a long-term process, with results measured in decades rather than years.
Aid is a resource
Aid is a vital change agent.
AID is able to induce apoptosis in different cell lines.
Aid is about poverty alleviation, health and education.
Aid is activities.
Aid is also available for children, spouses and survivors of Veterans.
Aid is also available for off-campus seminars, workshops, and other educational programs.
Aid is also available to part-time students.
Aid is also one of the most direct ways of investing in human development.
Aid is applied first to tuition and fees, residential life charges, and any charges assessed.
Aid is assistance, aide is an assistant.
Aid is at high levels only temporarily.
AID is autoimmune disease.
Aid is available according to the same policies that apply on campus.
Aid is available as funding allows.
Aid is available as scholarships, grants, work opportunities, and loans.
Aid is available for between three and five years of study.
Aid is available for projects involving new methods and products.
Aid is available for students from low-income families.
Aid is available for students who demonstrate eligibility.
Aid is available from the school in which the student is registered.
Aid is available in several forms.
Aid is available in the form of grants, loans and work study.
Aid is available in the form of grants, scholarships, work-study, and loans.
Aid is available in the form of scholarships, grants, and loans.
Aid is available in the form of scholarships, grants, loans and work-study jobs.
Aid is available in the form of scholarships, grants, loans, campus jobs, and cooperative training.
Aid is available on a nondiscriminatory basis to all qualifying students.
Aid is available on a non-discriminatory basis to all qualifying students.
Aid is available regardless of religious beliefs, race or gender.
Aid is available though individual colleges within the university.
Aid is available to high school students, college students and adults who wish to go to college.
Aid is available to students who qualify based on federal guidelines.
Aid is awarded based on calculated eligibility and academic promise.
Aid is awarded based on the prior year's income.
Aid is awarded based on the student's and parent's financial situation.
Aid is awarded in a funds available basis.
Aid is awarded on a competitive basis from the pool of admitted applicants.
Aid is awarded on a funds-available basis.
Aid is awarded on a yearly basis.
Aid is awarded on an academic year basis.
Aid is awarded on the basis of needand academic achievement.
Aid is awarded one year at a time.
Aid is awarded primarily to the serious student whose purpose and quality of work is apparent.
Aid is awarded to selected students by the Provost on the recommendation of department faculty.
Aid is based on available funds.
Aid is based on many factors, and half of all the students receive some type of aid.
Aid is based on many factors, and half of the students receive some type of aid.
Aid is based on prior year pupil counts.
Aid is based on shared participation and investment.
Aid is based on the current formula.
Aid is being updated weekly so check GOLD on-line before enrolling in the payment agreement.
Aid is classified as either gift or self-help assistance.
AID is committed to the cause of alleviating poverty in India.
Aid is constructed of heavy gauge galvanized steel tubing with a weighted base for stability.
Aid is credited on a semester basis.
Aid is credited to the student's account at the college.
Aid is crucial to Cambodia's economy, providing the bulk of government revenues.
Aid is defined as financial assistance to or on behalf of needy persons.
Aid is denied to students who are on probation.
Aid is determined by establishing the family's total income.
Aid is dimensioned so that agricultural and horticultural production in Finland can be safeguarded.
Aid is diseases.
Aid is distributed both in tent camps and to displaced people living with families.
Aid is distributed to districts based on their level of community wealth.
AID is divided into chapters.
Aid is explicitly temporary, a transition into self-support.
Aid is extremely competitive.
Aid is for public school students attending private schools for students with disabilities.
Aid is generally available in proportionate amounts at regular registration periods.
Aid is generally from federal government insured loans and loans from private banks and lenders.
Aid is given at the reference desk, in group lectures, or in individual consultations.
Aid is given by local pastor.
Aid is given to gun owners who are being harassed by government officials.
Aid is granted based on the needs of the family and the availability of funds.
Aid is granted only to U.S. citizens or aliens with a permanent resident visa.
AID is in the final stages of approving support.
Aid is in the form of graduate teaching and research assistantships.
Aid is in the form of teaching or research assistantships.
Aid is ineffective when it lacks good feedback mechanisms.
Aid is infectious diseases.
Aid is institutionalised - and bureaucratised.
Aid is itself a target for corruption.
Aid is just a sophisticated form of bribery.
AID is licensed and inspected by the State of Pennsylvania.
Aid is limited and the hi-tech park is just one of the government's priorities.
Aid is limited to the number of units required to complete the degree program.
AID is listed there.
Aid is marginal, therefore it has to be catalytic, it has to empower people.
Aid is meant to help the people of Ukraine.
Aid is minimal.
Aid is offered from federal, state, institutional and private programs.
Aid is offered on a funds-available basis thereafter.
Aid is offered regardless of the recipient s religious affiliation.
Aid is offered without regard to race, color, religion or ethnic origin.
Aid is offered without regard to sex, race, color, nationality, religion, or ethnic origin.
Aid is often conditional on privatization of key state utility companies, factories and so forth.
Aid is on the way.
Aid is only a phone call away.
Aid is only available for matriculated students.
Aid is only part of the response.
Aid is paid for milk and milk products consumed by pupils in educational establishments.
Aid is paid for skimmed -milk powder processed into compound feed under certain conditions.
Aid is paid in the year after the costs are incurred.
Aid is paid on grain, starch potato, sugar beet, vegetables grown in the open, apples and grass.
Aid is portable for one semester only.
Aid is predominantly bilateral, with France and the UK as the main donors.
Aid is provided in the form of scholarships, grants, loans and campus employment.
Aid is provided through telecommunications, adaptive equipment and other means.
Aid is renewed with satisfactory progress.
Aid is resources.
Aid is rivers.
Aid is still quite slow getting to the people.
Aid is the cornerstone of Israel's political economy.
AID is the only agency that seems to be still going backwards.
Aid is viruses.
AID needs a new kind of leadership.
Aid needs to be more predictable and reliable.
AID now supports projects in almost every Indian state.
AID Provides help and accommodation for women in fear of physical and mental violence.
Aid reduces reliance on property taxes, and increases reliance on sales and income taxes.
Aid remains canceled unless the student receives written notification of reinstatement.
Aid remains crucial.
Aid remains important for improving the enabling environment for private investment.
Aid seems ever to be associated with a double counterproductive effect.
Aid seems to have made no difference.
AID specializes in integrating technologies from a wide variety of technology providers.
AID takes three approaches to crisis management.
AID then assists the villagers to implement the solutions.
Aid varies based on number of persons in household.
AID works to keep all donors abreast of what their donations are doing.
Aid works when it's effectively targeted.
Aids aging pets, particularly when digestion is difficult.
Aids aint nothing to fool with.
Aids also shows graphically the inequalities in world health.
Aids appetite and di- gestion.
Aids are available in a variety of useful categories.
Aids are created, and the dispensers are trained, from the standpoint of speech recognition.
Aids are generally cheap and of great benefit for independence.
Aids are horse logical.
Aids are the same way to the horse.
Aids are to be used in conjunction with counseling or a smoking-cessation program.
Aids birthing process, helps female problems.
Aids can be visual and non-visual.
Aids can refer to pieces of equipment or strategies for learning.
Aids can simplify the basic tasks of everyday living such as eating, grooming and dressing.
Aids can take many forms.
Aids comes from grey monkeys.
Aids continues to have a far greater impact on Africa than any other continent.
Aids continues to spread in Asia.
Aids creates a vicious circle in Africa.
Aids desire for change and eliminates fear.
Aids enzymes in digestion and metabolism.
Aids faculty in the preparation of grant and contract budgets and the proper formating of proposals.
Aids Gives accurate measurements and eliminates product waste.
Aids has become a global disaster, it has no boundaries.
Aids Having surgery is never a pleasant experience.
Aids Includes binoculars, adjustable mirrors and spotlights.
Aids is a big problem and still has a huge stigma attached.
Aids is a convenient fiction which fails to consider the complexity of what is really going on.
Aids is a curse of sexual looseness.
Aids is a long way to being tackled, let alone vanquished.
Aids is a nasty disease that causes many social imbalances.
Aids is a plague that has entered our society.
Aids is a problem in India, as in most places, so take the necessary precautions.
Aids is about love.
Aids is acquired immune deficiency, caused by a virus .
Aids is also a big problem, though they seem so have put a cap on it, so to speak.
Aids is an enormous problem in India.
Aids is an expensive condition to live with.
Aids is an international issue.
Aids is endemic and safe sex practices are essential.
Aids is everywhere and decimating the young of Africa.
Aids is feared more than cancer.
Aids is in direct response to sexual sin.
Aids is like an earthquake where everyday people die.
Aids is nothing but inability of our immure system to withstand the onslaught of diseases.
Aids is now the leading cause of death in parts of Africa.
Aids is one of the problems that stem from community failure.
Aids is one of the world's most deadly contagious diseases.
Aids is rampant as well as alcohol and drug abuse.
Aids is reported to have absorbed one fifth of company earnings in Zimbabwe.
Aids is rife.
Aids is set to engulf South Africa in exactly the same way it devastated the rest of the continent.
Aids is still a threat.
Aids is still rampant.
Aids is the worlds fastest spreading epidemic.
Aids leaves Africa s economic future in doubt .
Aids presents familiar legal issues in new guises.
Aids quarterbacks by coming back for the ball and finding the open spot on the field.
Aids reader in determining a relationship among characters.
Aids sleep and rest.
Aids sleep at night.
Aids stands for acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Aids supplies smokers camp.
Aids synapses in nervous system.
Aids threatens Africa.
Aids threatens our lives.
Aids threatens to roll back decades of hard-won development.
Aids used are voice, a longe whip and body position.
Aids wound healing.
Aid always comes with some strings attached.
Aid usually continues at the same level each year unless the family's resources change.
All aid is appreciated and vital.
All aid is awarded in the fall semester.
All aid is based on full-time status.
All aid is contingent on available funds.
All aid is continued on the basis of satisfactory academic progress.
All aid is for a semester or an academic year only, except as indicated.
All aid is given in exchange for work now - aid agencies say that reduces dependency.
All aid is given without any work requirement attached.
All aid is sent directly to the college.
All aid is used first to cover students' University charges.
All aids are clear and easy to read.
All aids require careful management and proper interpretation to be successful.
Many aids are available on a loaner basis to evaluate their usefulness and effectiveness at home.
Many aids are available, but nothing beats watching cows at least twice a day every day.
Many aids are symbol based and still provide full functionality in order to communicate with others.
Many aids come with matching revenue requirements, which also tends to stimulate spending.
More aid is needed . . .
More aid is unlikely.
More aid means more coverage.
Most aid applies one semester at a time.
Most aid awarded to students is either from the state or federal government, or from the colleges.
Most aid comes in the form of a teaching assistantship.
Most aid consists of guaranteed loans and work study.
Most aid is awarded for a first bachelor's degree.
Most aid is based on the ability to pay.
Most aid is in the form of educational loans.
Most aid is in the form of loans, for which international students are also eligible.
Most aid now comes from France.
Most aid requires that satisfactory academic progress be maintained.
Much aid is given in a manner that generates business for the donor country.
Much aid obliges recipient countries to spend the money on products and services from donors.
Some aid comes from the federal government and some from state governments.
Some aid is also available for parttime students.
Some aid is also available for part-time students.
Some aid is also available through individual colleges and departments within the university.
Some aid is available through scholarships.
Some aid is limited to full-time students.
Some aid is only available for full-time students.
Some aid is received directly from other nations.
Some aid requires an additional or separate application.
Some aids also have lesser service range due to location, terrain, frequency protection, etc.
Some aids can have harmful side effects.
Some aids can store several programs.
Some aids carry voice communication, while others just transmit signals.
Some aids have other controls which can be used to make the signal more clear.
Some aids make daily life easier such as Braille watches, talking clocks, and cooking aids.
AIDA formula works.
Aidbag control is the commander's responsibility.
Aide contre les virus informatiques.
Aide is proud to announce the opening of our Florida office.
Aide now reads the database and compares it to the files found on disk.
Aides also accompany patients to and from examinations and treatments.
Aides also help patients get to sessions.
Aides also order supplies and fill out paperwork.
Aides also work with school-aged children in groups.
Aides are also available to make copies at certain times of the day.
Aides are always in short supply.
Aides are assistants.
Aides are available for escort services to and from parking lots.
Aides are available to assist the caregiver in maintaining the patient's surroundings.
Aides are available to help with bathing, meals, exercise and ambulation.
Aides are individually responsible for getting to the client's home.
Aides are less expensive to hire than new teachers and can make a big difference in the classroom.
Aides are loath to risk seeming disloyal by letting even the most innocent anecdotes slip.
Aides are more direct.
Aides are the politicians' public relations officers, trusted advisor, and personal secretaries.
Aides are the politicians' public relations officers, trusted advisors, and personal secretaries.
Aides are the politicians' web masters, public relations officers, and personal secretaries.
Aides assess the needs of clients.
Aides assist and supervise students in the classroom, cafeteria, schoolyard, or on field trips.
Aides assist in providing a quality program for children.
Aides assist in providing a quality program for youth.
Aides assisting children with disabilities also receive free admission.
Aides cite exhaustion following U.S. summit.
Aides clearly worry about the latter calculation.
Aides describe the widower and father of three as conservative and pious.
Aides distribute programs, provide general information, and assist guests.
Aides do the bulk of the work and far outnumber the nurses that are present.
Aides furnish general care.
Aides generally field phone calls, write letters and work with constituents.
Aides generally work for one week, but are able to do more if space is available.
Aides greet guests, distribute programs, and help guests locate seating and other services.
Aides help assess a student's progress by observing performance and recording relevant data.
Aides help children to be tolerant, patient and understanding of others.
Aides help out catechists on a regular schedule.
Aides keep records of services performed and of clients' condition and progress.
Aides keep records of services performed and of the client's condition and progress.
Aides keep records of the services performed and monitor the client's condition and progress.
Aides maintain it's working.
Aides offer assistance and conversation.
Aides provide basic medical care, such as checking clients' pulse, temperature, and breathing.
Aides provide continual help throughout the day.
Aides provide language support and adaptive programs for special needs children.
Aides provide personal care and specific treatments under the supervision of professional staff.
Aides provide similar tutorial experiences for students in summer programs as well.
Aides receive a high volume of phone calls every day.
Aides receive one hour of training.
Aides receive specific on the job training from the staff.
Aides report changes in the client's condition to the supervisor or case manager.
Aides rush in and out.
Aides say it was a mistake.
Aides say it was aimed at mapping strategy on matters like health care and the budget.
Aides say it's just as well.
Aides say that last option is remote.
Aides say the governor goes to the movies once or twice a week.
Aides say the president is still working on it.
Aides spend many hours standing and walking, and they often face heavy workloads.
Aides spend many hours standing and walking.
Aides spend many hours standing.
Aides support both therapists and assistant therapists.
Aides teach introductory swimming skills through active play.
Aides travel free of charge.
Aides use the lens in part to assess whether meetings are about to break up.
Aides watch that patients are doing their activities correctly and provide encouragement.
Aides wear yellow belts.
Aides work independently and with others as they develop confidence in their new skills.
Aides work on a team with psychiatrists and psychologists.
An aide is an officer
Aides often go to four or five clients on the same day.
Aides often have four to five clients on the same day.
Aides often have more work than they can handle.
Aides often visit four or five clients on the same day.
Aides often work in an office or a group home.
Aides sometimes write for their principals, but letters are printed under the name of the aide.
Aides usually monitor the rooms.
Aides usually provide housekeeping services.
Aides usually work part time from three to six hours a day.
Aides usually work part-time from three to six hours a day.
Many aides claim they do research, homework and reading.
Many aides have a combination of clerical and instructional tasks.
Many aides receive the same benefits as teachers.
Many aides refuse to wear uniforms, and work in their dirty street clothes.
Many aides start as volunteers to gain experience.
Many aides work part time, and weekend hours are common.
Most aides also help children learn class material.
Most aides are responsible for getting to the client's home.
Some aides are excellent.
Some aides are self-employed and have no agency affiliation.
Some aides help clients run errands outside the house.
Some aides insist there is no change in policy.
Some aides plan to ring in the new era from their offices.
Some aides say there was a mixup.
Some aides visit clients in their homes.
Some aides visit clients to make sure they are receiving their aid.
Some aides work with groups of children, while others work with a single student.
Some aids orphans are well aware that they are unwanted and resented by their distant relatives.
Aids patients have an increased incidence of rectal carcinoma.
Aids patients suffer from reduced zinc bioavailability.
Aids virus likes to move to greener pastures just as a sex-maniac does.
AIE offers curriculum for children of varied abilities.
AIE places highly qualified professional artists in classrooms throughout the state.
AIFF files are high quality sound files, but they are very large.
Most AIHA members view themselves as health and safety professionals.
Aiken investigators continue to seek help in the case.
Aiken police say the man stole a car and removed the vehicle identification number from the engine.
Aikido calmness feels good.
Aikido grades are non-competitive.
Aikido movement is graceful and yet effective.
Aikido people are the kindest and most responsible people in the world.
Aikido practice is conducted in an energized, non-competitive environment.
Aikido practice is done on a large mat with a partner, one person attacks and the other receives.
Aikido practice offers balanced exercise, focusing of energy, and development of awareness.
Aikido practice provides a physical model of one's emotional life.
Aikido practitioners study a variety of weapons including jo, bo, boken, and katana.
Aikido principles apply to pretty much everything.
Aikido principles hold that the mind and the body are one.
Aikido students learn that force and aggression are counter productive to achieving harmony.
Aikido students seem very intelligent.
Aikido technique is based on circular movements around a center that is both stable and energized.
Aikido techniques are combinations of circular movements.
Aikido techniques are either joint locks or throws.
Aikido techniques are more than adequate to handle multiple attacks on the street.
Aikido techniques consist of unarmed self-defence against various armed or unarmed attacks.
Aikido techniques express elements of philosophy, psychology, and physics.
Aikido techniques transcend the notions of fighting and enemies.
Aikido techniques utilize and develop a person's balance, awareness, and inner strength.
Most aikido techniques have two versions, omote and ura.
Aikido training encompasses more than techniques.
Aikido training is an ongoing process.
Aikido is martial art
Aikido is martial art.
Aikido seeks nothing but balance and harmony.
Aikido seeks to harmonize with the attack by blending with the attacker s energy.
Aikido teaches children how to defend themselves, without kicking or punching .
Aikido teaches kids a lighter approach to life.
Aikido teaches kids how to handle violence without themselves being violent.
Aikido teaches kids practical self-defense.
Aikido teaches kids to be calm.
Aikido tends to be presented as a seamless garment, but the reality is somewhat different.
Ail contains a water based insecticide that is harmless to birds but deadly to insects.
Ail is a seasoning
AILA membership is voluntary and open to all licensed U.S. attorneys including recent graduates.
Aileron trim control system.
Ailerons are airfoils.
Ailerons are mass balanced and aerodynamically counterbalanced.
Ailerons are of metal structure, fabric-covered.
Ailerons are part of wings.
Ailerons are responsible for roll on most aircraft.
Ailerons are small hinged sections on the outboard portion of a wing.
Ailerons control an airplane's roll motion.
Ailerons control the roll of an airplane.
Ailerons have to be cut out of the wing panels and finished, along with flaps if required.
Ailerons help the airplane turn right or left.
Ailerons operate in opposite directions on each side of the plane.
An aileron is a surface
Ailment affects performance.
Ailment associates with consumption.
Ailment associates with excess consumption.
Ailment causes lack.
Ailment has causes.
Ailment includes artery diseases.
Ailment includes arthritis.
Ailment includes coronary artery diseases.
Ailment includes coronary diseases.
Ailment includes diseases.
Ailment involves inflammation.
Ailment is disorder
Ailment is disorder.
Ailment isa disorder.
Ailment leads to death.
Ailment relates to ages.
Ailment relates to health.
Ailment relates to old ages.
Ailment results from breakdowns.
Ailments result in the body giving off distinct odors.
Every ailment brings pain.
Every ailment carries within it negative emotions.
Every ailment is a result or expression of mental disturbances due to the obstructions given above.
Many ailments can be effectively and safely treated using commonly available plants.
Many ailments change with the weather.
Many ailments probe hereditary and other secondary susceptibility.
Many ailments respond well.
Most ailment affects performance.
Most ailment causes lack.
Most ailment includes artery diseases.
Most ailment includes arthritis.
Most ailment includes coronary artery diseases.
Most ailment includes coronary diseases.
Most ailment includes diseases.
Most ailment involves inflammation.
Most ailment leads to death.
Most ailment relates to ages.
Most ailment relates to health.
Most ailment relates to old ages.
Most ailments appear first in the form of unusual behavior.
Most ailments are preventable simply from taking proper care of the animal.
Most ailments do cure themselves.
Some ailment affects black women.
Some ailment affects diamondbacks.
Some ailment affects guinea pigs.
Some ailment affects life.
Some ailment affects pigs.
Some ailment affects women.
Some ailment afflicts humans.
Some ailment afflicts slave women.
Some ailment afflicts women.
Some ailment becomes infectious inflammation.
Some ailment becomes inflammation.
Some ailment causes deformities.
Some ailment causes disability.
Some ailment causes production.
Some ailment causes serious disability.
Some ailment causes skeletal deformities.
Some ailment faces breeds.
Some ailment includes asthma.
Some ailment includes congestion.
Some ailment includes lung congestion.
Some ailment is caused by bacteria.
Some ailment is caused by diets.
Some ailment is caused by infection.
Some ailment is caused by numerous bacteria.
Some ailment occurs in boy girl man women.
Some ailment occurs in women.
Some ailment relates to excess heat.
Some ailment relates to heat.
Some ailment relates to organs.
Some ailments are much more difficult to identify than others.
Aim isa goal.
AIMs allow applications to share data for common concepts.
Aims also have social and task dimensions.
Aims are general statements that provide direction or intent to educational action.
Aims are goals.
Aims are high, but so too are the rewards.
Aims are steering.
Aims specializes in education policy and governance.
Aims specify the broad intentions and outcomes of the course.
An aim is a goal
All aims seem on target.
Some AIMs are teachers, others are parish nurses.
Most Aimag capitals have their own local natural history museum.
Aimless trading favors folks who buy equities on the monthly installment plan.
Aimless wandering seems to be overtaking our society by ever increasing numbers of people.
Aimlessness becomes again a sense of purpose, just as it always had.
Aimlessness leads to conformity.
An aimlessness is meaninglessness
Aimpoint sight allows continuous target acquisition and tracking.
Aioli keeps developing even when it's done.
An aioli is a sauce
AIPH apartments are same-sex yet each floor is coed.
Aiphone factory opens in Toyota City.
Aiphone wire is factory tested, approved and matched to each of our systems.
Air abrasion can prepare a very small, new cavity for filling with a white filling.
Air abrasion conserves healthy tooth structure and helps reduce future tooth fractures.
Air abrasion cuts a narrow path through the tooth enamel.
Air abrasion has some major limitations.
Air abrasion involves the use of a high-pressured instrument similar to a tiny sandblaster.
Air abrasion is a unique, gentle alternate to the dental drill.
Air abrasion is effective for children, as well as for adults.
Air abrasion is good with early decay and helps to preserve tooth structure.
Air abrasion is perfect for children.
Air abrasion is very quiet.
Air accidents are very rare.
Air accidents get the maximum coverage.
Air attack comes to the east coast.
Air attack destroys Syrian radar installation.
An air attack is a raid
Air bags are a case in point.
Air bags are a different matter.
Air bags are a typical government solution.
Air bags are an effective safety tool in automobiles.
Air bags are an evolving technology.
Air bags are bags.
Air bags are cheaper but bulkheads are more convenient.
Air bags are effective safety devices.
Air bags are latest hot item for car thieves.
Air bags are like medicines that save lives, but can have dangerous side effects.
Air bags are more than hot air.
Air bags are only a supplement to seat-belts.
Air bags are only part of a total occupant protection system.
Air bags are part of cars.
Air bags are restraint.
Air bags are safe and beneficial and are intended to be used with safety belts.
Air bags are safety devices designed to supplement the protection provided by safety belts.
Air bags are supplemental protection devices .
Air bags are supplemental protection devices.
Air bags are supplemental safety devices .
Air bags are the norm and multiplying like rabbits.
Air bags are thus an important source of occupant protection in current passenger vehicles.
Air bags are.
Air bags can also be dangerous for older children in the front seat.
Air bags can also be deadly to older children in the front seat.
Air bags can be hazardous to children sitting in the front seat.
Air bags can cause injuries or even death when people are too close at time of deployment.
Air bags can cause serious injury or death to infants in rear facing child seats.
Air bags can cause serious injury or death to infants in rear-facing child car seats.
Air bags can deploy with force sufficient to cause injury.
Air bags deploy in the event of a severe frontal impact and help save many lives each year.
Air bags deploy with such force that many drivers are put at risk of sustaining hearing loss.
Air bags do save lives, especially when used in conjunction with proper seat restraints.
Air bags do save lives.
Air bags inflate faster than a wink of the eye with over two tons of force.
Air bags inflate very quickly in the event of a severe frontal crash.
Air bags inflate when a sensor detects a front end crash.
Air bags inflate when a sensor detects a front-end crash.
Air bags inflate within approximately one-twentieth of a second after a crash.
Air bags kill more people than they save.
Air bags offer less protection than first believed, and they can even kill people.
Air bags offer no protection during side, rear or rollover crashes.
Air bags open when a microprocessor detects impact.
Air bags provide protection.
Air bags provide the best protection available in a frontal crash.
Air bags save a lot of the heedless types.
Air bags save lives.
Air bags save thousands of lives.
Air bags start killing people.
Air bags weigh more, and thus cost more to hurl into space.
Air bags worthwhile despite risks, study says.
An air bag is a bag
An air bag is a constraint
Most air bags have internal tether straps that shape the fabric and limit the movement of the bag.
Most air bags provide protection.
Some air bags are part of ambulances.
Some air bags are part of automobiles.
Some air bags are part of autos.
Some air bags are part of cars.
Some air bags are part of taxis.
Some air bags save life.
Some air balloons get power.
Some air balloons have heat sources.
Some air balloons have sources.
Air bands perform dance routines and skits to various musical numbers.
Air barrier is installed continuously around the home to provide maximum air tightness.
Air bearings enable the high speed with only air cooling and a long life almost maintenance free.
Air beds are easy to recognize.
Air beds are very expensive.
Air beds can help prevent bedsores by providing uniform support for the dogs whole body.
Air bladders give the rear end four inches of travel.
An air bladder is a sac
Air bottles are subject to limitations in certain areas and are forbidden when fishing.
Most air bottles have an air filler valve and a pressure gauge.
Air brake is recovered.
Air brakes are a means of stopping heavy vehicles with the use of air.
Air brakes are great with any wieght.
Air brakes are on the upper surface only and are double plated.
Air brakes have their own particular properties.
Air brakes have to be adjusted often and set to compensate for any wear.
Air brakes use compressed air to make the brakes work.
Air bubble wraps.
Air bubbles are also a sign of poor production quality.
Air bubbles are bubbles.
Air bubbles are extremely dangerous if inside in the system and the flight altitude is high.
Air bubbles are located in water.
Air bubbles block the ink flow to the printhead.
Air bubbles can cause similar signals.
Air bubbles can cause the condom to break.
Air bubbles can collect in high spots in the line.
Air bubbles can distort images under the microscope.
Air bubbles can form immediately upon cutting.
Air bubbles can interfere with development and produce low-density circles on the film.
Air bubbles can mimic uroliths or other filling defects.
Air bubbles can stop the free flow of water into the stem.
Air bubbles can take the place of a significant amount of a youngster's insulin.
Air bubbles create splits, holes and cracks in the doll after it has been cast.
Air bubbles indicate gas leakage.
Air bubbles percolate up through the column, creating surface froth.
Air bubbles reduce epoxy's strength in a bond and a coating's effectiveness as a moisture barrier.
Air bubbles rise.
Air bubbles spoil the bake.
Air bubbles trapped in the ice makes it appear frothy white.
An air bubble is a bubble
Every air bubble is a shimmering, whirling work of art.
Some air bubbles have advantage.
Air cadets form a living roundel .
Air cars are essentially the same in operation as electric cars.
Air cargo has a few different categories.
Air cargo is also an important element in the operations.
Air cargo is an indicator of wider economic trends, often showing the way into and out of recession.
Air cargo is an integral part of world trade.
Air cargo is probably the fastest growing segment of the aviation industry.
Air cargo is the most suitable form of transportation to comply with that requirement.
Air cargo is thus a major hub in the transportation logistics of goods.
Air cargo offers the advantages of speed and security.
Air carrier used is at discretion of travel consultant.
Air carriers are really at risk.
Air carriers can also post their excess capacity to the community.
Air carriers can provide form.
Air carriers offer nonstop international flights to Anchorage from Vancouver, Seoul, and Tokyo.
Most air carriers have a complaint handling office at their corporate headquarters and airport.
Some air carriers post their bargains directly on their web page.
Some air carriers provide U.S. mail service .
Some air carriers provide U.S. mail service.
Some air carriers require passengers to check-in as much as two hours prior to departure.
Air cells provide greater comfort range.
An air cell is a sac
Some air cells become obliterated while others become filled with granulation tissue and fluid.
Air change is measured in how much indoor air has been replaced by fresh outside air in one hour.
Air change is more important than the cubic space requirement.
Air charter is the most efficient means of air travel in most business situations.
Air charter is very important in today's global market.
Air charters are all twin engine, low-wing aircraft with seating for five passengers.
Air charters are available for major emergencies requiring transportation abroad.
Air charters fly over the coast for flight seeing and access to the fjords.
Air charters fly over the coast for flightseeing and access to the fjords.
Air cleaners are mandatory.
Air cleaners are most useful with smokers in the home.
Air cleaners are the court of last resort.
Air cleaners can be mechanical or electric.
Air cleaners can be useful, but have limited application.
Air cleaners can help indoors - but buy before a fire.
Air cleaners keep dust out of the cylinders, and that cuts down the carbon quite a bit.
Air cleaners remove smoke.
Air cleaners use electrical attraction, filters or ozone.
An air cleaner is a filter
All air cleaners require periodic cleaning and filter replacement to function properly.
Most air cleaners provide only two or three fan speed settings.
Most air cleaners remove only particulate pollutants suspended in air.
Some air cleaners can remove inhalable particulates.
Some air cleaners create ozone, which is meant to break down gases and odors.
Air cleaning can be a useful adjunct to source control and ventilation but has certain limitations.
Air cleaning is one of several strategies one can use to improve home air quality.
Air columns allow for underground villages.
Air combat is a huge part of the game.
Air combat is very, very simple but can be quite an anxious moment.
Air compressor provides pneumatic energy for air and water guns.
Air compressor turn key installations.
Air compressors are compressors.
Air compressors run in two modes, loaded and unloaded.
An air compressor is a compressor
All air compressors discharge some amount of oil in the air as it is compressed.
Many air compressors use standard motors as the prime driver.
Air con is standard.
Air condition is just a rumor.
Air condition is located inside of every bedroom.
Air conditions change due to seasonal changes in weather.
Some air conditions affect jirds.
Air conditioner looks okay.
Air conditioners are a repository for all sorts of allergens.
Air conditioners are also dehumidifiers and control both air temperature and humidity level.
Air conditioners are America's chief source of fluorocarbons.
Air conditioners are among the largest contributors to peak power demand.
Air conditioners are appliances.
Air conditioners are available during the summer.
Air conditioners are electrical devices.
Air conditioners are expensive to operate.
Air conditioners are heavies.
Air conditioners are likely to be the topic of further standards training in the near future.
Air conditioners are located in buildings.
Air conditioners are located in cars.
Air conditioners are located in computer rooms.
Air conditioners are located in homes.
Air conditioners are located in houses.
Air conditioners are located in office buildings.
Air conditioners are located in offices.
Air conditioners are located in souths.
Air conditioners are mechanical devices.
Air conditioners are part of automobiles.
Air conditioners are particularly heavy energy users.
Air conditioners are practically unheard of.
Air conditioners are the single largest contributor to peak electricity demand.
Air conditioners are typically noisier when the condenser unit first starts.
Air conditioners are used for cooling air.
Air conditioners can also be helpful especially if they run fairly constantly.
Air conditioners can also remove moisture from the air.
Air conditioners can have one or two speeds.
Air conditioners can help reduce the entry of allergy-causing pollen.
Air conditioners cause demand for gas-fired electricity to soar.
Air conditioners come in various sizes, cooling capacities and prices.
Air conditioners consume huge amounts of energy.
Air conditioners contain CFCs - gases that have been implicated in the depletion of the ozone layer.
Air conditioners contain CFCs-gases that have been implicated in the depletion of the ozone layer.
Air conditioners contain the refrigerant freon.
Air conditioners cycle less often, a cooler can replace the air conditioner most of the time.
Air conditioners filter out allergens.
Air conditioners have different dehumidification capabilities.
Air conditioners help as they can filter out the pollen.
Air conditioners help reduce the humidity as well as prevent the exposure of outdoor allergens.
Air conditioners help to provide an even temperature.
Air conditioners operate just like heat pumps in that they move heat from the inside to the outside.
Air conditioners put a serious drain on small engines.
Air conditioners remove both heat and moisture from the air.
Air conditioners remove heat AND humidity from the air.
Air conditioners remove moisture content in the air by passing the warm humid air over a cold coil.
Air conditioners remove moisture for added comfort.
Air conditioners run most of the year all over Houston.
Air conditioners take electricity.
Air conditioners tend to make indoor air drier during the summer cooling season.
Air conditioners use a great deal of electricity.
Air conditioners use both a condenser and an evaporator.
Air conditioners use considerably more energy than ceiling fans.
Air conditioners use more electricity than any other home appliance during the summer months.
Air conditioners use more electricity than any other home appliance.
Air conditioners work by first compressing a gas, causing it to heat up.
An air conditioner is a cooling
All air conditioners have a filter.
Every air conditioner has a filter which traps air borne particles.
Most air conditioners are relatively new.
Most air conditioners have a drainage hole on the base of the cabinet, beneath the evaporator fins.
Most air conditioners switch between heating and cooling and wetting and drying, at set points.
Some air conditioners come additional features that provide greater comfort.
Some air conditioners help growth.
Some air conditioners help mold growth.
Some air conditioners pose injuries.
Some air conditioners require energy.
Air conditioning accounts for about a third of California's electricity demand on hot days.
Air conditioning aggravates the effects of arthritis and neuritis.
Air conditioning allows windows and doors to stay closed, which prevents entry of outside allergens.
Air conditioning are cooling air.
Air conditioning are located in cars.
Air conditioning are located in houses.
Air conditioning are located in offices.
Air conditioning are processing.
Air conditioning are used for cooling.
Air conditioning blows cold.
Air conditioning can also create an uncomfortable draft.
Air conditioning can also provoke migraine but less commonly.
Air conditioning can be a bit over powering at times.
Air conditioning can be a problem.
Air conditioning can be the most important factor in the preservation of collections.
Air conditioning can be useful even in a cold climate.
Air conditioning can help remove airborne irritants, especially pollen.
Air conditioning can help.
Air conditioning can remove humidity from the home, or venting to the outside can reduce humidity.
Air conditioning comes to a sputtering death.
Air conditioning consists of five fluid package chillers, three of which are stand-by.
Air conditioning consists of seven commercial air handlers.
Air conditioning controls the temperature and humidity.
Air conditioning cools two ways.
Air conditioning ends up trivial. .
Air conditioning ends up trivial.
Air conditioning filters out pollen and keeps humidity low, which keeps indoor mold down.
Air conditioning has another benefit.
Air conditioning helps a lot.
Air conditioning helps in homes, automobiles and workplaces.
Air conditioning helps reduce excessive humidity.
Air conditioning helps reduce humidity.
Air conditioning helps remove humidity from the home.
Air conditioning helps to filter it out of the indoors.
Air conditioning helps too.
Air conditioning hook up, and some interior trim options.
Air conditioning increases productivity.
Air conditioning is a heavy, power-hungry feature.
Air conditioning is a little dicier.
Air conditioning is a necessity in the summer.
Air conditioning is a part of our daily lives in Florida.
Air conditioning is a symptom of civilization.
Air conditioning is a way of life during Texas summers, making all clothing comfortable indoors.
Air conditioning is a welcome necessity.
Air conditioning is a wonderful thing.
Air conditioning is also a strain on the plant.
Air conditioning is also an available option.
Air conditioning is also available.
Air conditioning is also less often found in smaller hotels.
Air conditioning is also standard.
Air conditioning is among the standards and comes with a dust and pollen filtration system.
Air conditioning is an added bonus as are the clean bathrooms.
Air conditioning is an amenity in all three cottages.
Air conditioning is an iffy proposition when it comes to prevention of cholinergic urticaria.
Air conditioning is an important issue under the television camera lights.
Air conditioning is another adventure-ruining luxury.
Air conditioning is available as an optional add-on.
Air conditioning is available as are cleaning and linen services.
Air conditioning is available at an additional charge.
Air conditioning is available for personnel shelters and test environments.
Air conditioning is available in all the residence halls with the exception of Dogwood Village.
Air conditioning is available in most of the units.
Air conditioning is available in selected apartments.
Air conditioning is available in several of the halls.
Air conditioning is available in some rooms.
Air conditioning is available in the rooms at the front side of the house.
Air conditioning is available in the summer, as is central heating in the winter.
Air conditioning is available in two of the cabins.
Air conditioning is available on request.
Air conditioning is available throughout.
Air conditioning is available upon request.
Air conditioning is available, if needed.
Air conditioning is available.
Air conditioning is common.
Air conditioning is defined as the cooling of air by a refrigeration unit or a heat pump.
Air conditioning is essential to reduce the heat generated by computers.
Air conditioning is expensive to operate.
Air conditioning is half cooling, half moisture removal.
Air conditioning is handled by a very quiet, energy efficient, ductless, split system.
Air conditioning is harmful for a baby.
Air conditioning is helpful.
Air conditioning is important in hot climates.
Air conditioning is in bedrooms only with fans in the living area.
Air conditioning is in each bedroom and ceiling fans are found throughout.
Air conditioning is in the bedrooms only.
Air conditioning is in the living room and all the bedrooms.
Air conditioning is in the principal bedroom and in the study.
Air conditioning is included during all months.
Air conditioning is much improved in both the studio and mainstage theaters.
Air conditioning is neither necessary nor available.
Air conditioning is no longer a luxury, it is a necessity.
Air conditioning is often an option at large hotels.
Air conditioning is on the cost model.
Air conditioning is on top of that.
Air conditioning is one.
Air conditioning is optional at the lowest trim levels.
Air conditioning is optional, and the only transmission is a five-speed manual.
Air conditioning is optional.
Air conditioning is provided by opening tall windows.
Air conditioning is provided in all guestrooms.
Air conditioning is provided in the offices and in the departure holding area.
Air conditioning is provided in the super luxury apartments.
Air conditioning is rare, especially in large country houses.
Air conditioning is required.
Air conditioning is standard and there is a radio and CD-player.
Air conditioning is standard as is cable television, telephone, washer and dryer.
Air conditioning is standard on all but the base version.
Air conditioning is the best way to beat the heat.
Air conditioning is the final solution when it comes to controlling indoor garden temperatures.
Air conditioning is the only available option.
Air conditioning is too cold.
Air conditioning is uncommon.
Air conditioning is unnecessary because the hotel's design makes the most of the cool cross breezes.
Air conditioning is very limited.
Air conditioning is widespread in cars, restaurants, shops and motels in the USA and Canada.
Air conditioning keeps cars at a comfortable temperature in all weathers.
Air conditioning keeps the servers at a safe temperature.
Air conditioning keeps things nice and cool inside.
Air conditioning makes driving more comfortable, no matter what temperature it is outside.
Air conditioning makes driving much more comfortable in hot weather.
Air conditioning makes possible the use of computers and enhances communications services.
Air conditioning presents a problem.
Air conditioning promotes safer driving.
Air conditioning provides a refuge from the hot summer days and ensures a good nights rest.
Air conditioning provides some relief.
Air conditioning provides the most protection from heat exposure and heat-related deaths.
Air conditioning provides the safest escape from extreme heat.
Air conditioning pulls air from outdoors and cools the air as it enters a house or building.
Air conditioning requires the generator option.
Air conditioning wastes energy.
Air conditioning works wonderfully when there are wonderful air conditions.
An air conditioning is a cooling
Air control is important since the rate of combustion and thus the rate wood is used depend on it.
Air courier express freight cargo.
Air couriers can travel to exotic locales for blockbuster prices.
Air crashes are big news.
Air crashes are usually shocking events with dozens or hundreds of deaths.
Air crew's there.
An air crew is a crew
Air current is weather
Air currents are southwest to northeast up the valley.
Air currents can be a source of enjoyment, too.
Air currents can carry the ascospores long distances to recent wounds on the trunk.
Air currents carry the pollen to female cones, where fertilization takes place.
Air currents deflect mechanosensory hairs on the antenna-like cerci at the rear of the abdomen.
Air currents do the rest.
Air currents know no international boundaries.
Air currents make the film billow in and out.
Air currents move clouds all around the Earth.
Air currents move in from all sides to replace the rising warm air and some times form a tornado.
Air currents rise again.
Air currents speed up drying by moving the surrounding moist air away from the food.
Air curtains are available to repel flying insects.
Air dams are complete with bracket and hardware for easy installation.
Air dams are walls built at the exhaust end of the barns.
Air dancers are the opposite of Earth dancers.
Air defense is a top priority, particularly in later missions.
Air defense is defense
Air defense is defense.
Air defense is modeled.
Air defenses are especially important in later game missions.
Air defenses engage.
Air defenses remain active.
Air density can change.
Air density decreases with decreasing pressure and increasing temperature.
Air density depends on the temperature, the pressure and the humidity.
Air density is a major factor in aerodynamic performance and engine efficiency.
Air density is affected by changes in altitude and temperature.
Air density is affected by temperature.
Air density is affected by the atmospheric pressure, temperature and humidity.
Air density is affected by the temperature and humidity of the air.
Air density is another factor that directly influences lift.
Air density is determined by the integral magnitude of the molecular signal return.
Air density is greatest at the surface of the Earth.
Air density is variable within the atmosphere.
Air density makes a difference in estimates of performance and it changes from day to day.
Air density represents the number of atoms of nitrogen, oxygen, etc. per volume of air.
Some air density affects performance.
Air department is responsible for the flight deck, hangar bay, and the associated equipment.
Air diffusers produce many small bubbles which agitate the surface of the water .
Air dominance grows more difficult to achieve as modern weapons proliferate around the globe.
Air dominance is a precondition for all other successful combat operations in modern warfare.
Air dominance is mandatory for future success.
Air dominance is the ultimate in air superiority.
Air dominance minimizes U.S. casualties and losses.
Air doors are very effective at controlling insects, dust and airbourne contaminates.
Air draft is rolling edges up.
Air drag is at least partly related to surface frictions against the car body.
Air dryer is fitted to the pneumatic system.
Air ducts connect the package air conditioner to the living space of the home.
Air ducts connect the package unit to the operating space of the business.
Air ducts running from the fairing to the frame are clearly visible.
Air ducts serve as a fertile breeding ground for mold spores.
Air ducts serves as a prime breeding ground for mold spores.
Air ducts transport the supply and return air to the unit.
An air duct is a duct
Air element helps in the development of the body, sense and touch.
Air elements are invisible, etc.
AIR elements relates to the human phyche and our intellectual being.
Air embolism is an illness
Air embolism is an obstruction of a blood vessel by air carried via the bloodstream.
Air embolism is another diving emergency frequently treated in our chamber.
Air exchanger is heat recovery.
Air filter eliminates dust.
Air filter is clogged with dust particles.
Air filter is underneath the left wing.
Air filters are clean and properly installed.
Air filters are filters.
Air filters are one core strength.
Air filters are part of ventilators.
Air filters are vertically mounted spin-on type, reducing fluid spills.
Air filters are very costly , and only purify a small percentage of the air in just a single room.
Air filters can also help remove many airborne allergens to keep the home environment clean.
Air filters cause air restrictions.
Air filters doesnt ruine the engine.
Air filters remove dirt by trapping particles as air passes through the filter media.
Air filters start out clean and soon are covered with soot and dust.
An air filter is a filter
Most air filters are disposable, although an electrostatic filter can be cleaned with water.
Most air filters have a paper media, though there are also cotton gauze and foam filters.
Some air filters do last longer than others because of their ability to hold more dust.
Air filtration is the key to current cleanroom technology.
Air flow appears good.
Air flow becomes restricted through the clean air exhaust outlet.
Air flow directs waste to the bottom of the toilet, substituting for gravity.
Air flow gives the bag structure.
Air flow is a big problem in many modern offices.
Air flow is a key for getting more out of an engine via bolt-on components.
Air flow is affected by static pressure difference between the inside and the outside of the house.
Air flow is by controlled, natural draft.
Air flow is calibrated by digitized variable frequency computers.
Air flow is continuously adjustable.
Air flow is controlled by use of negative pressure zones to ensure air is directed into the lab.
Air flow is critical, too.
Air flow is crucial to keeping the air temperature and humidity stable within the enclosure.
Air flow is determined by both pressure difference and amount of resistance in the airway.
Air flow is flow
Air flow is given in litres per minute.
Air flow is hugely important for helping to alleviate odor issues.
Air flow is important too, especially in small rooms.
Air flow is inadequate and the walls leak, to name a few of the existing problems.
Air flow is induced by the usually lower air pressure in the interior.
Air flow is limited to the capabilities of the emissions control technology.
Air flow is measured in cubic feet per minute.
Air flow is now from the basement into the soil atmosphere.
Air flow is parallel to the solids flow.
Air flow is perpendicular to solids flow.
Air flow is provided by a choice of fans which mount directly to the face of the heat exchangers.
Air flow is reasonably straight at higher speeds.
Air flow is regulated with several motor speeds on the blower.
Air flow is set up because the fingers are cooler than the wrist.
Air flow is smooth and drag is greatly reduced.
Air flow is straight back on the bottom surface of the wing.
Air flow is typically counter current to solids flow.
Air flow is used to create suction to pull feces and urine away from the body.
Air flow is varied by means of a series of load plates.
Air flow is vital to remove heat off the horse's body.
Air flow is vitally important for convection of heat off the body.
Air flow is what picks up the dirt from the floor.
Air flow passes directly through the perforated chain.
Air flow passes through the filter before passing the electric motor with hazardous materials.
Air flow produces suction that moves the wastes into collection equipment under the seat.
Air flow provides complete penetration of the cleaner through the coils.
Air flow reduces heat and is easily explained, using a catsup bottle as an example.
Air flow serves to transport fine particulates, combustion or volatilization products.
More air flow tends to lower incubator temperature and humidity.
Air force managers are assigned to facilities.
Air force sergeants begin careers.
Air force is very interested in it.
Air force show Some shots from the air show.
Air forces are military branchs.
Air forces are military services.
Air forces continue to operate weapon systems procured in the twentieth century.
Air forces is part of the military .
Air forces is part of the military.
An air force is a service
Air freight costs a lot of money.
Air freight is a subset of world trade, which is directly related to world economic growth.
Air freight is available for an additional charge per kilogram.
Air freight is based on weight or volume.
Air freight is more.
Air freight is provided by two airlines and charter services.
Air freight is the fastest method, but can also be quite expensive.
Air freight is the transport of choice for zoos and entertainment parks exhibiting wild animals.
Air freight is usually cheaper than sea freight.
Air freight is usually the first freight mode to experience any changes in economic activity.
Air freshener lasts as long as the antimicrobial skin cleanser.
Air freshener lasts as long as the hand sanitizer.
Air freshener lasts as long as the skin cleanser.
Air freshener takes the shape of the container.
Air freshener Try simmering vinegar or a herb mixture in water.
Air fresheners are located in cars.
All air freshener does is create a sort of flowery skunk smell.
Many air fresheners contain volatile oils in the fragrance which can be deadly to budgies.
Air friction gets rapidly larger as speed increases.
Air friction is affected by the surface roughness of the object.
Air friction is experienced by the riders too.
Air friction makes a leaf travel along in the wind.
Air fryers are all electric.
Air gaps are unadvisable as the noise levels encountered are excessive.
Air gaps make the best firewalls.
Air groups exert a zone of control around the bases at which they are stationed.
An air group is an air unit
Air guard men lose weight.
Air guns are guns.
Air guns are one.
Air guns are ready and coiled neatly.
Air guns take more skill then the old shot gun.
An air gun is a gun
Air handlers are available which discharge air horizontally or vertically.
Many air handlers have a safety switch that shuts off power if the door is removed.
Air hockey is an electrical game where air flows out of a board.
Air hockey kicks serious ass.
Air horns are fast and loud.
Air horns are horns.
Air horns are intake.
Air horns are part of carburetors.
Air horns are unproven in their effectiveness.
Air horns draw more current than the standard factory horn.
An air horn is an inlet
Some air horns produce sound.
Air humidity is regulated by ladling small doses of water onto the stove stones.
Air hunger develops, and a reflex causes the newborn child to gasp for air.
Air infiltration is a major cause of energy loss.
Air infiltration is low for both heat pipes.
Air infiltration is recognized as an important factor in building energy conservation.
Air infiltration occurs when air leaks through gaps in the insulation.
Air injection is a system that introduces fresh air to the exhaust manifold.
Air injections help to insure that the proper amount of air is in the brace at all times.
Air intake is at the head of each ooperating table.
Air intake is away from pant leg.
Air intake is ducts.
Air intake is from the front and sides and exhaust at rear and sides for maximum rackmount density.
Air intake is part of carburetors.
Air intakes are diagonal and box-like alongside the fuselage forward of the wing roots.
Air intakes are forward of the wings leading edges.
Air intakes are round, and the elliptical exhausts are located on the sides of the engines.
Air intakes are semicircular and high-mounted on the fuselage aft of the cockpit.
Air lines face tough service options.
Air lines run on both sides of the shop, and electrical outlets are plentiful.
Air lines seem to be such a trivial little thing.
Air links are excellent with three international airports within two hours travel.
Air links are problematic and overland trips are usually lengthy and dangerous over poor roads.
Air locks hang open.
An air lock is a chamber
Air mail is additional based on cost.
Air mail is additional.
Air mail is available at extra charge.
Air mail is extra.
Air mail is mail
Air mail is mail.
Air mail is the standard delivery method to international customers.
Air mail takes three weeks and surface mail can take three months.
Air marshals are armed, plainclothes federal agents who ride on flights anonymously.
An air marshal is a marshal
Air mass is an atmosphere
Air mass is atmospheres.
Air mass is drier aloft, but moisture still remains near surface.
Air masses are classified according to their temperature and humidity characteristics.
Air masses are forced to rise over mountains.
Air masses are large amounts of air.
Air masses can also be wet or dry.
Air masses move and rain falls because of solar radiation.
Some air mass comes from earth.
Some air mass produces high wind.
Some air mass produces wind.
Air masses are distinct in their temperature and moisture content due to their place of birth.
Air masses are enormous bodies of air that form over areas where temperatures are fairly constant.
Air masses are often several thousands of kilometres across.
Air masses meet It takes special conditions for a tornado to occur.
Air masses take on the temperature of the area.
Air masses warmed by the sun in the tropics affect the whole earth.
Air mattress is airtight, absorbant, comfortable and tough.
Air mattresses are comfortable and cheap, but heavy, bulky and poor insulators.
Air mattresses are mattresses.
Air mattresses come in every standard bed size.
An air mattress is a mattress
Some air mattresses offer adjustable-support control for each partner.
Air mobility consists of airlift and aerial refueling.
Air mobility is a military occupation.
Air mobility is an article of air power.
Air mobility means global reach.
Air monitoring is a vital component of a respiratory protection program.
Air monitoring is needed to determine the employee exposure level to individual hazardous chemicals.
Air monitoring is often necessary to determine site control boundaries.
Air monitoring is performed and no air quality problems have been detected.
Air monitoring is required if the draft fans are off.
Air monitoring is the primary method for demonstrating compliance with workplace control limits.
Air motion is another factor that can have a marked effect.
Air motion is essential.
Air motion is invariably turbulent.
Air movement affects comfort in warm conditions.
Air movement affects the human body in two different ways.
Air movement can also be poor.
Air movement can cause particles to travel great distances.
Air movement can then assist enlargement through melting in summer and sublimation in winter.
Air movement caused by differences in air temperature is called wind.
Air movement causes some evaporation of skin moisture causing the sensation of coolness.
Air movement created by a fan can make a room seem cooler by four degrees or more.
Air movement creates a cooling breeze.
Air movement decreases when plants are grown too close together.
Air movement helps keep the plants dry and reduces the risk of diseases.
Air movement increases the effectiveness of the body's own evaporative cooling system.
Air movement is also a big factor.
Air movement is considered to be that which occurs within buildings.
Air movement is critical to cow cooling.
Air movement is critical.
Air movement is crucial to the plant's survival.
Air movement is essential to cure the bulbs and carry away moisture.
Air movement is essential, especially when humidity is high.
Air movement is necessary to cool crucibles.
Air movement is necessary to cool sample dishes.
Air movement is one of the most effective methods of cooling birds during hot weather.
Air movement is reduced by weeds and plantings remain wet longer following heavy dew or rain.
Air movement is restricted, promoting infection and bacterial growth.
Air movement is very important for young plants.
Air movement makes a big difference.
Air movement makes cold temperatures seem even colder.
Air movement promotes the evaporation of sweat, so a fan can help.
Air movement provided by fans can significantly lower the level of heat stress.
Air movement provides the oxygen the fire needs to keep burning.
Air movement reduces heat stress by removing extra body heat.
Air movements affect transpiration through their influence upon the humidity.
Air movements can compromise the thermal performance of glass-fibre in wall applications as well.
All air movements can generate or dissipate clouds.
Air muscles are simple pneumatic devices that contract by thickening, a lot like our own muscles do.
Air parcel is offered everywhere else.
All air parcels are warmer than the environment when they rise, so they continue to rise.
Some air parcels contain vapor.
Some air parcels contain water vapor.
Air passageways lead from mouths.
Air permeability is essential from both a comfort and safety point of view.
Air permeability is one indication of a substance's porosity.
Air permeability is reasonably straight forward, assuming access to suitable equipment.
Air pilots fly aircraft, including helicopters.
Air pirates roam the skies over a shattered alternate America.
Air pirates roam the skies over a shattered America.
Air pistol is another fundamental event.
Air pistol is shot without optical aids.
Air pistol wants to drop scores.
Air planes leave for many European cities, but most flights are chartered.
Air plants absorb the Carbon Dioxide from the air at night instead of the day time.
Air plants live on nothing but water and air.
Air plants use their roots only for attaching themselves to rocks, trees, shrubs, and the ground.
Air pockets are fatal to plant roots.
Air pockets can encourage mold to develop .
Air pockets can form extremely easily, easily suffocating anyone trapped inside.
Air pockets can sometimes form inside the wick when filling.
Air pockets result in air bubbles in the finished sausage.
An air pocket is a physical phenomenon
Any air pockets can cause a lean mixture or engine hesitation at high power settings.
Some air pockets hold warmth.
Some air pockets provide extra insulation.
Some air pockets provide insulation.
Air pollutants absorb solar energy and reflect sunlight back into space .
Air pollutants absorb solar energy and reflect sunlight back into space.
Air pollutants act like the piece of glass trapping the sun's energy.
Air pollutants are pollutants.
Air pollutants can harm ecological resources, including water quality, soils, plants, and animals.
Air pollutants can irritate the broncial tubes, causing coughing, wheezing and shortness of breath.
Air pollutants consist of numerous particles, fibers, mists, molds, bacteria, and gases.
Air pollutants consist of numerous particulates, fibers, mists, bioaerosols, and gases.
Air pollutants contain dioxide.
Air pollutants contain sulfur dioxide.
Air pollutants have an effect on the quality of urban air.
Air pollutants have biodiversity.
Air pollutants have impact.
Air pollutants have indirect impact.
Air pollutants make asthma patients more susceptible to other asthma-producing stimuli.
Air pollutants occur both outdoors and indoors .
Air pollutants occur both outdoors or indoors , and can be natural or man-made.
Air pollutants originate from natural and human sources.
Air pollutants stimulate the production of elastase, which weakens the elasticity of the alveoli.
Most air pollutants contain dioxide.
Most air pollutants contain sulfur dioxide.
Most air pollutants have biodiversity.
Most air pollutants have impact.
Most air pollutants have indirect impact.
Some air pollutants are removed by natural processes such as precipitation and biological activity.
Some air pollutants dissolve in rainwater.
Some air pollutants enter the respiratory tract but have effects elsewhere.
Some air pollutants fall to earth in the form of acid rain and snow.
Air pollution sensors measure responses.
Air pollution affects everyone.
Air pollution affects everyone's health.
Air pollution affects many aspects of our environment and economy, but most importantly, our health.
Air pollution affects rainfall because it contains large amounts of microscopic dust particles.
Air pollution affects the lungs, the heart and other parts of the body.
Air pollution becomes a worldwide problem when local pollution moves away from where it came from .
Air pollution becomes a worldwide problem when local pollution moves away from where it came from.
Air pollution can accelerate aging and decay of historic building materials.
Air pollution can actually cuase the heart to act abnormally.
Air pollution can also be detrimental to human health.
Air pollution can also contribute to diseases like bronchitis, emphysema, and cancer.
Air pollution can also curb vegetation growth and reduce crop yields.
Air pollution can also damage masonry on buildings, cause acid rain and produce smoke and odour.
Air pollution can also damage the environment and property.
Air pollution can also irritate sinus linings.
Air pollution can be a problem in large built up areas, where many people live.
Air pollution can be a problem indoors, too.
Air pollution can be detrimental to wildlife and ecosystems in the same way.
Air pollution can be either outdoor pollution or indoor pollution.
Air pollution can be especially harmful to people with lung disease, including asthma.
Air pollution can be harmful to people, animals, plants, and structures.
Air pollution can be man-made or naturally occurring.
Air pollution can be very distressing, for the damage to many ornamentals is often serious.
Air pollution can be wide-ranging as well as persistent.
Air pollution can cause diseases and harm crops.
Air pollution can cause health problems.
Air pollution can cause severe human health and environmental impacts.
Air pollution can cause visible symptoms or reduce crop yield without other evidence of disease.
Air pollution can cause water pollution.
Air pollution can damage buildings, monuments, statues and other structures.
Air pollution can damage buildings, monuments, statues, and other structures.
Air pollution can damage property.
Air pollution can damage the environment.
Air pollution can exacerbate respiratory problems.
Air pollution can have both man-made and natural sources.
Air pollution can impact people s health.
Air pollution can interfere with the workings of the lungs, heart and other organs.
Air pollution can irritate the eyes, throat and lungs.
Air pollution can kill.
Air pollution can lead to nitrate in rainfall.
Air pollution can make asthma and allergy symptoms worse.
Air pollution can make it harder for people with asthma and other respiratory diseases to breathe.
Air pollution can make respiratory diseases, such as, asthma and pneumonia worse.
Air pollution can make sinus symptoms much worse.
Air pollution can mess up a sunset.
Air pollution can result from many various sources.
Air pollution can seriously reduce visibility, making the job of watching difficult at times.
Air pollution can significantly worsen asthma.
Air pollution can trigger asthma attacks.
Air pollution causes a major threat for the future and habitability of our environment.
Air pollution causes cardiovascular problems.
Air pollution causes crop damage even at levels below the current, legal standard.
Air pollution causes health problems, as well as structural and crop damage.
Air pollution causes heath hazards, and decreases food production capacity.
Air pollution causes illness, lost mountain visibility and climate disruption.
Air pollution causes illnesses.
Air pollution causes lung and other respiratory diseases in children.
Air pollution causes problems.
Air pollution comes from a number of sources.
Air pollution comes from both manmade and natural sources.
Air pollution comes from many different sources.
Air pollution comes from many sources.
Air pollution comes from motor vehicles, industry and many other everyday activities.
Air pollution comes from our cars, factories and consumer products.
Air pollution comes from power plants, factories, automobiles, lawn mowers and many other sources.
Air pollution comes from several different sources in Ontario.
Air pollution comes from sources.
Air pollution comes in many different forms.
Air pollution comes in many forms.
Air pollution comes next.
Air pollution consists of solid particles and gases.
Air pollution contains ozone, nitrogen dioxide, sulfur dioxide, and several different hydrocarbons.
Air pollution continues to be out of control especially in developing countries.
Air pollution determines the state of health of our forests.
Air pollution does millions of dollars worth of damage to agricultural crops.
Air pollution fouls the Grand Canyon.
Air pollution gets the most attention because of the potential impacts on neighboring states.
Air pollution harms the and circulatory systems.
Air pollution harms the ecosystem.
Air pollution has a enormous effect on public health.
Air pollution has a major impact on the productivity and efficiency of both people and nature.
Air pollution has a more significant negative effect of males than on females.
Air pollution has a more significant negative effect on males than on females.
Air pollution has direct impacts on human health and the state of the living environment.
Air pollution has global as well as local effects.
Air pollution has human health impacts, environmental impacts, economic costs.
Air pollution has many sources.
Air pollution has numerous health effects.
Air pollution has similar effects.
Air pollution has touched every part of the Earth, acid rain has as well.
Air pollution hits midwest melons.
Air pollution hurts everyone .
Air pollution includes dust, vapours, ash and odours.
Air pollution includes odours and emissions from commercial and industrial premises.
Air pollution infects the environment and threatens the health of all who inhabit the earth.
Air pollution is a chief cause of hospital admissions among children and senior citizens.
Air pollution is a complex problem that affects almost everyone.
Air pollution is a condition that was never thought to be a problem in many communities.
Air pollution is a contributing factor to the deterioration the historic buildings.
Air pollution is a huge public health problem.
Air pollution is a huge topic.
Air pollution is a known but so far unquantified source of marine pollution.
Air pollution is a large number of gases, droplets and particles that reduce the quality of the air.
Air pollution is a major contributor to lung disease and a serious threat to public health.
Air pollution is a major contributor to lung diseases such as asthma and emphysema.
Air pollution is a major issue in many parts of Canada.
Air pollution is a major problem in most cities.
Air pollution is a major problem.
Air pollution is a minor factor.
Air pollution is a mist-demeanour.
Air pollution is a persistent problem.
Air pollution is a problem everywhere in the world .
Air pollution is a problem everywhere in the world.
Air pollution is a problem in a lot of big cities.
Air pollution is a problem in many areas of the United States.
Air pollution is a problem in many areas.
Air pollution is a problem in many of areas of the United States.
Air pollution is a problem.
Air pollution is a proven cause in several lung ailments, from asthma to emphysema.
Air pollution is a public health issue.
Air pollution is a real and urgent problem in the Valley.
Air pollution is a real menace to our health and life.
Air pollution is a real problem.
Air pollution is a serious environmental and health problem.
Air pollution is a serious problem in Mexico City.
Air pollution is a serious problem which affects everyone.
Air pollution is a serious threat to our health.
Air pollution is a significant contributor to lung disease, a leading cause of death in America.
Air pollution is a source of chemical contaminants.
Air pollution is a trickier problem, since it is only indirectly related to climate change.
Air pollution is a very serious problem.
Air pollution is a well-known trigger for asthmatic children.
Air pollution is a world-wide concern today.
Air pollution is actually a result of a few chemical reactions.
Air pollution is actually harmful substances in the atmosphere, which damages the environment.
Air pollution is also a concern.
Air pollution is also a factor.
Air pollution is also a major problem.
Air pollution is also a problem in urban centers due to emissions from industry and transportation.
Air pollution is also bad for our economy.
Air pollution is also extremely low when compared to the developed countries.
Air pollution is an example of residuals from manufacturing.
Air pollution is an example.
Air pollution is an extremely large problem.
Air pollution is an important public health problem in most cities of the developing world.
Air pollution is an urgent problem the community.
Air pollution is another factor to be considered.
Air pollution is another matter.
Air pollution is another serious problem.
Air pollution is associated with a variety of serious health and environmental problems.
Air pollution is at an all time high due to our stupidity.
Air pollution is at crisis point in many major cities.
Air pollution is blamed for the increasing heat.
Air pollution is by far the most harmful form of pollution in our environment .
Air pollution is by far the most harmful form of pollution in our environment.
Air pollution is caused by a number of different types of pollutants.
Air pollution is caused by burning coal, oil, gasoline and natural gas.
Air pollution is caused by lots of different pollutants.
Air pollution is caused by the build-up of harmful gases and particles in the air.
Air pollution is caused largely by motor vehicles.
Air pollution is causing many problems, most of the pollution comes from industry and automobiles.
Air pollution is composed of particulate matter, sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen oxides.
Air pollution is created by burning.
Air pollution is currently a big issue, due to the amount of waste emitted by heavy industries.
Air pollution is described to the public in four bands low, moderate, high and very high .
Air pollution is distributed across a wide range of spatial scales.
Air pollution is down in almost every important category.
Air pollution is especially damaging to young children.
Air pollution is estimated to contribute about a quarter of all the nitrogen that enters the Bay.
Air pollution is even worse.
Air pollution is everybody s problem.
Air pollution is everyone's concern.
Air pollution is everyone's problem.
Air pollution is generated by the dust from bulldozing and transport activities.
Air pollution is important, but first things first.
Air pollution is influenced by wind, weather, and topography.
Air pollution is known to exacerbate asthma and be a trigger for asthma attacks in children.
Air pollution is known to trigger or aggravate asthmatic symptoms.
Air pollution is minimal and the city streets are relatively clean and safe.
Air pollution is no longer a problem in Malaysia.
Air pollution is no new problem.
Air pollution is now almost entirely a result of vehicle mevements.
Air pollution is obvious in many large cities.
Air pollution is of major concern to many citizens of Florida.
Air pollution is of most concern where they live.
Air pollution is one of the biggest concerns among pollution researchers.
Air pollution is one of the more obvious forms of pollution.
Air pollution is one of the most serious problems facing the park.
Air pollution is particularly dangerous for the very young and the elderly.
Air pollution is particularly dangerous to animals when in form of the acid rain.
Air pollution is particularly harmful to young children and the elderly.
Air pollution is pollution
Air pollution is pollution.
Air pollution is proven to cause stress.
Air pollution is reduced by using undyed fuels because they contain less sulfur.
Air pollution is reported in the daily news, like the weather.
Air pollution is still a serious problem in some cities and natural gas is seen as the answer.
Air pollution is still problem in Prague.
Air pollution is supposedly bad enough to choke babies.
Air pollution is the accumulation in the atmosphere of substances that endanger human health.
Air pollution is the cause.
Air pollution is the contamination of air by pollutants.
Air pollution is the contamination of air by the discharge of harmful substances.
Air pollution is the contamination of the air by things like fuel, exhaust, and smoke in the air.
Air pollution is the inevitable consequence of neglect.
Air pollution is the most elusive of all routes of chemical exposure.
Air pollution is the presence in the atmosphere of harmful gases, liquids, or solids.
Air pollution is wasteful, damages the environment, and jeopardizes human health.
Air pollution is what causes it, and that is what is hard to give up.
Air pollution is worsening - there is no argument about that.
Air pollution kills more people every year than drunk drivers or homicides.
Air pollution kills three million more.
Air pollution knows no boundaries.
Air pollution leads to diseases.
Air pollution leads to poor air quality, which has a range of impacts on both humans and wildlife .
Air pollution leads to respiratory diseases.
Air pollution makes life less healthy for humans and other species.
Air pollution obscures scenic vistas.
Air pollution poses a serious threat to the forest eco system and to the growth of forests.
Air pollution raises the risk of death and disease.
Air pollution reduces the lung's ability to defend itself.
Air pollution refers to contamination of the air by harmful gases or particles.
Air pollution refers to the presence of foriegn substances that harm plants, animals, and property.
Air pollution remains a major problem, despite dramatic reductions in individual auto emissions.
Air pollution remains a major source of health problems in California.
Air pollution remains a problem in many U.S. cities.
Air pollution remains one of the most complex environmental health issues of our time.
Air pollution requires much broader action.
Air pollution seems to make the perfect villain, except for one glitch in the historical record.
Air pollution takes many forms.
Air pollution tends to be highest in the corridor from Windsor, Ontario to Quebec City, Quebec.
Air pollution threatens human health.
Air pollution threatens public health and welfare on a large scale.
Air pollution threatens the health of human beings and other living things on o ur plan et.
Air pollution threatens the health of human beings and other living things on our planet.
Air pollution weakens white pine trees.
Most air pollution causes cardiovascular problems.
Most air pollution causes illnesses.
Most air pollution causes problems.
Most air pollution comes from other sources.
Most air pollution comes from sources.
Most air pollution is invisible.
Most air pollution is the result of some kind of energy production or consumption.
Most air pollution leads to diseases.
Most air pollution leads to respiratory diseases.
Most air pollution made by humans today is because of transportation .
Most air pollution made by humans today is because of transportation.
Some air pollution causes acid rain.
Some air pollution causes cancer.
Some air pollution causes lung cancer.
Some air pollution causes precipitation.
Some air pollution causes rain.
Some air pollution changes over decades.
Some air pollution interferes with ability.
Some air pollution is natural and has always been a part of the earth's history.
Some air pollution leads to accumulation.
Air popcorn contains calories.
Air popcorn contains fat calories.
Air power can be effective only if employed as part of a comprehensive war fighting strategy.
Air power can be good, especially if they are too heavily entrenched with ground forces.
Air power can do much, but like every other weapon system ever devised, it has clear limits.
Air power is a collection
Air power is a composite of aircrews, maintainers, suppliers, and industry.
Air power is insufficient against an entrenched guerilla force defending their home turf.
Air power is new to all our countries.
Air power is ready for immediate response.
Air power is the only area in which southern forces have shown superiority.
Air power means everything.
Air power needs to be augmented by ground power.
Air pressure acting up against an object in air is greater than the pressure above pushing down.
Air pressure can be a hard scientific concept to grasp.
Air pressure can build up until the brake pressure gauge is broken.
Air pressure can determine different weather conditions.
Air pressure causes air movement.
Air pressure causes air to move rapidly into that vaccuum.
Air pressure causes movement.
Air pressure causes rapid air movement.
Air pressure causes rapid movement.
Air pressure causes wind.
Air pressure changes with the weather.
Air pressure decreases as altitude increases.
Air pressure decreases with altitude, therefore, air expands as it rises in the atmosphere.
Air pressure decreases with altitude.
Air pressure decreases with an increase in elevation.
Air pressure decreases with height, and as the thermal rises, there is less pressure on it.
Air pressure drops between the car and truck.
Air pressure exerts a force from high toward lower pressure.
Air pressure flowing on top of a curved airplane's wing causes the airplane to rise.
Air pressure forces the cans to roll toward each other.
Air pressure forces the eggs out of the body cavity into a pan.
Air pressure forces the piston down against the rivet set and exhausts itself through side ports.
Air pressure has little or no effect.
Air pressure increases when the concentration of water vapor in the air increases.
Air pressure increases with temperature.
Air pressure indicates weather.
Air pressure is a force that acts on the outside surface.
Air pressure is a low four pounds.
Air pressure is a measure of how much atmospheric mass is present above a given location.
Air pressure is a measure of the weight of the air.
Air pressure is added as soon as the bowl is closed and the mixing started.
Air pressure is also higher than normal tires.
Air pressure is analogous to water pressure.
Air pressure is another variable.
Air pressure is applied behind the flat sheet of plastic, and it balloons outward.
Air pressure is applied to seal and pressurize the chamber.
Air pressure is applied to the rocket after everyone is warned that a bottle is about to be charged.
Air pressure is applied to the surface of hydraulic fluid in a reservoir.
Air pressure is applied until water seeps from a leaf's cut end.
Air pressure is caused by the weight of air above the point where the pressure is being experienced.
Air pressure is converted into hydraulic pressure.
Air pressure is created by the molecules moving around.
Air pressure is created by the motion, size, and number of gas molecules present in the air.
Air pressure is created by the weight of the earth's atmosphere.
Air pressure is delivered by the machine, through the mask and nose, to the back of the throat.
Air pressure is delivered through a hose to a mask that fits over the nose or the nose and mouth.
Air pressure is different.
Air pressure is gas pressure
Air pressure is greater at low elevations and less at high altitudes.
Air pressure is greatest at the earth's surface and decreases with altitude.
Air pressure is introduced into the ear canal, and the movement of the eardrum is measured.
Air pressure is lower, so water has a lower boiling point and liquids evaporate faster.
Air pressure is measured at the height of the electronics enclosure.
Air pressure is measured by a barometer.
Air pressure is measured by observing the height of the column of mercury in the tube.
Air pressure is measured in hectopascals.
Air pressure is measured with a barometer.
Air pressure is measured with an instrument called a barometer.
Air pressure is pressure.
Air pressure is sent from the air tanks to the brakes by relay valves.
Air pressure is simply the weight of air pressing down onto the surface of the earth.
Air pressure is supplied by a can of compressed air.
Air pressure is the driving force for atmospheric motions.
Air pressure is the force exerted by the weight of air above.
Air pressure is the force of air against a unit of area.
Air pressure is the same way.
Air pressure is the weight of a column of air pushing down on an area.
Air pressure is the weight of the air pressing against the surface of the earth.
Air pressure is used to blow the ballast to surface the submarine.
Air pressure is used to push a rocket through the ground from one hole to the other.
Air pressure is usually higher on the eastern side of the Pacific Ocean near South America.
Air pressure is usually lower over the western side of the Pacific Ocean near Australia.
Air pressure is very strong.
Air pressure plays a major role in determining weather patterns.
Air pressure pushes down and up the straw through both openings, and so is balanced.
Air pressure pushes down on the surface of the mercury, making some rise up the tube.
Air pressure pushes the rod out, moving the slack adjuster, thus twisting the brake cam shaft.
Air pressure refers to the force that is exerted by the Earth's atmosphere on a unit surface area.
Air pressure varies with elevation but also with weather systems.
Air pressure varies with time.
Most air pressure causes air movement.
Most air pressure causes movement.
Most air pressure causes rapid air movement.
Most air pressure causes rapid movement.
Most air pressure causes wind.
Most air pressure indicates weather.
Some air pressure affects evaporation.
Some air pressure brings weather.
Some air pressure causes air.
Some air pressure is caused by displacement.
Some air pressure is caused by elevation.
Some air pressure is caused by weather.
Some air pressure pushes balloons.
Some air pressure pushes water balloons.
Air pump agitates solution for fast, very even etches.
Air pumps are a closed system.
Air pumps are pumps.
Air pumps jolt each seat to simulate turbulence or even a rough landing.
An air pump is a pump
Air purification is also a growing concern with the new understanding of 'sick building syndrome'.
Air purifiers are a sought-after item.
Air purifiers are also available if needed.
Air purifiers are devices.
Most air purifiers use disposable filters.
Air quality issues become concern.
Air quality problems are caused by dust storms.
Air quality problems are caused by frequent dust storms.
Air quality problems are caused by frequent storms.
Air quality problems are caused by storms.
Air quality affects health, tourism, livelihood, and the environment.
Air quality affects some people more than others.
Air quality affects the water in which many amphibians live.
Air quality are problems are worst in the summer, when sun and high temperatures create more ozone.
Air quality becomes concern.
Air quality can impact feed efficiency.
Air quality can influence the health of a community s citizenry.
Air quality determines the amount of oxygen available to our bodies from our breathing.
Air quality exceeds federal and state air quality standards on an ongoing basis.
Air quality goes from foul to deadly in the same amount of time it took to get to foul.
Air quality improves and with greater efficiency.
Air quality is a big actor in the health of the Bay.
Air quality is a big concern in North Texas.
Air quality is a big reason.
Air quality is a concern in Northeast Indiana.
Air quality is a constant concern.
Air quality is a high priority area.
Air quality is a national and global concern.
Air quality is a persistent problem.
Air quality is a primary concern as greenhouses contain people as well as plants.
Air quality is a priority for Ontario.
Air quality is a third factor to consider.
Air quality is a vital concern.
Air quality is already an issue.
Air quality is also alarmingly poor.
Air quality is an appropriate topic for the school health advisory council.
Air quality is an important component of environmental health and safety.
Air quality is an important issue for the area.
Air quality is an issue that literally affects literally everyone who lives here.
Air quality is an issue, especially because of increased traffic.
Air quality is another area of significant concern to agriculture.
Air quality is another critical factor in office health.
Air quality is another major area of action.
Air quality is another part of the story.
Air quality is better in almost every urban area.
Air quality is changed when some type of contaminant is introduced into the air.
Air quality is considered satisfactory and air pollution poses little or no risk.
Air quality is consistently better than required by state and national standards.
Air quality is correlated with air exchange rates and air distribution methods.
Air quality is critical to visitor health and enjoyment of scenic vistas.
Air quality is definitely a major factor determining where people choose to live.
Air quality is enhanced by the dynamics of farmland.
Air quality is excellent and there is almost no pollution.
Air quality is extremely high throughout the coast, and has few pollutants or irritants.
Air quality is fundamental to the health of our people, nature and our economy.
Air quality is generally excellent.
Air quality is generally good due to the elevation being above the valley's inversion layer.
Air quality is good but dust is medium to heavy.
Air quality is good with generally very low pollution levels.
Air quality is good, because of ocean breezes.
Air quality is healthier.
Air quality is impacted by vehicle emissions.
Air quality is important to long term economic growth for three reasons.
Air quality is important to long-term economic growth for three reasons.
Air quality is improved by riding the bus.
Air quality is improved by trees, shrubs and turf.
Air quality is in large part a function of the weather and atmospheric conditions.
Air quality is linked with population growth, travel behavior and technology improvements.
Air quality is low.
Air quality is mandated by law.
Air quality is measured in spoonfuls while health and human services are a crapshoot.
Air quality is moderate.
Air quality is monitored by a different agency in each state.
Air quality is monitored to detect degradation.
Air quality is nominal.
Air quality is one of the environmental considerations used to determine program acceptance.
Air quality is our number one economic development issue in the mountains.
Air quality is poor, and the water often foul.
Air quality is rated one of the best on the west coast.
Air quality is reported as a percentage of the federal health standard for a pollutant.
Air quality is up, crime is down.
Air quality is usually of very high calibre, and clear content.
Air quality is variable by location.
Air quality is very important.
Air quality remains a significant issue with respect to land use and transportation planning.
Most air quality becomes concern.
Some air quality relates to health.
Some air quality relates to public health.
Air racing is one of the world's most dangerous sports.
Air rage is an escalating problem.
Air rage is similar to road rage, but it's in the air.
Air rage seems to be the latest plague.
Air raid sirens sound, and everyone takes cover in a meat locker.
An air raid is a raid
Air receivers are tanks used for the storage of compressed air discharged from a compressor.
All air receivers are stagewise inspected as per relevant code requirement.
Air reconnaissance is better.
Air reconnaissance is information gathering
Air refueling is a logistics intensive operation, and airlifter refueling can be eliminated.
Air resistance affects terminal velocity within Earth's atmosphere.
Air resistance affects the motion of a real fly line considerably.
Air resistance alters motion.
Air resistance can vaporize meteors.
Air resistance caused by friction is also a friend to falling cats.
Air resistance decreases the velocity of a moving object.
Air resistance depends on shapes.
Air resistance depends primarily on the size and speed of a falling object.
Air resistance dissipates energy.
Air resistance has motion.
Air resistance has no effect on the gravitational attraction between objects.
Air resistance holds a parachute open.
Air resistance increases exponentially with speed.
Air resistance increases with increasing speed.
Air resistance involves movement.
Air resistance is a force caused by a gas rubbing against the surface of a material.
Air resistance is another form of friction, but it has some interesting properties.
Air resistance is due to the colliding of an object with molecules of air.
Air resistance is ignored or is considered negligible.
Air resistance is included in the model.
Air resistance is really a drag force.
Air resistance is simply a force, and force is simply change of momentum.
Air resistance is the bane of a cyclist's life.
Air resistance is the result of collisions of the object's leading surface with air molecules.
Air resistance is very important for the flight of a golf ball on earth, in contrast to on the moon.
Air resistance is zero at zero velocity.
Air resistance keeps a piece of paper, for example, from falling at the same rate.
Air resistance prevents the sheet of paper from falling at the same rate.
Air resistance slows small things a lot more than big things.
Air resistance slows the speed of a bullet and reduces the distance by which it travels.
Air resistance slows things down.
Air resistance tends to be proportional to speed.
Most air resistance depends on shapes.
Most air resistance dissipates energy.
Most air resistance has motion.
Most air resistance involves movement.
Some air resistance causes energy.
Some air resistance causes kinetic energy.
Some air resistance creates forces.
Some air resistance opposes motion.
Some air resistance opposes upward motion.
Air rides are available outside the park, donkey rides to the floor are available within.
Air rifle ranges and clay pigeon shooting.
Air rifles are available for direct online purchase .
An air rifle is a gun
Air routes connect the Solomon Islands with Australia and other neighbouring islands.
Air routes link Xining with some other major cities throughout China.
Air sac mites cause problems.
Air sacs are also involved in thermoregulation in some insects.
Air sacs are large, thin-walled reservoirs for air.
Air sacs are located inside the neck, chest and belly.
Air sacs are part of birds.
Air sacs are part of insects.
Air sacs are present on the necks of males.
Air sacs are sacs.
Air sacs extend into the thorax, abdomen, and even the long bones.
Some air sacs penetrate the interior of the bones and even under the skin.
Air safety is a vital concern of both occasional and frequent travellers.
Air separation is one of the main uses of cryogenic distillation.
Air service begins.
Air service enables an exchange of crews.
Air service is a vital part of our transportation system.
Air service is also available from Whitehorse to Vancouver.
Air service is available for an additional fee.
Air service is available from Boston and other cities.
Air service is available from Damascus to major European cities.
Air service is available in Cortez, Colorado.
Air service is available in Salina and Wichita.
Air service is available to Athens or Atlanta.
Air service is available to Sydney and Halifax through several U.S. and Canadian carriers.
Air service is available, but is VERY expensive.
Air service is excellent.
Air service is in place.
Air service is particularly important in today's economy.
Air service means more than convenience for Wyoming residents, often, it's an economic lifeline.
Air services abound from almost all major gateway cities in the Pacific Northwest.
Air services are also available.
Air services are available at an extra charge.
Air services employ a large portion of the community.
Many air services fly between major tourist destinations.
Air shipping is a massive energy hog, generating five times the fuel emissions as shipping by truck.
Air shipping is additional, over the cost of ground service.
Air shipping is available at extra cost.
Air shipping is extra for the fastest delivery .
Air shipping is extra.
Air shipping is included.
Air shipping is the most convenient and preferred method of shipping.
Air shows are recital.
Air shows can be very exhausting, but they're very different from competition.
Most air shows offer rides in the planes.
Most air shows offer thrilling fly-bys with jets and historic planes.
Air showers clean micro particles off personnel and equipment as they enter or exit a cleanroom.
Air signs are curious and ready to relate.
Air signs are free-flowing, intellectual, humanitarian, and social.
Air signs are mental people, great communicators.
Air signs are rational, social, and love communication and relationships with other people.
Air signs are the most mental.
Air signs are the zodiac's information processors.
Air signs can be very eccentric about money.
Air signs communicate and express ideas with mental agility.
Air signs enjoy giving several perspectives on any subject, and change their opinions frequently.
Air signs have a mental nature and are keen witted.
Air signs have an excellent combination of logical thinking tied to practical reality.
Air signs resort to trickery.
Air signs rule creativity and the thought process as well as communication of all forms.
Air space is necessary under the falling sheet of water for accurate flow measurement.
Air space is probably the single most critical factor in a potting mix, then water retention.
Air space is space
Air space is subject to confirmation by the airlines.
Air space surrounds the water jackets.
Air spaces allow carbon dioxide to diffuse to photosynthesizing cells.
Air spaces allow for the venting of accumulated moisture.
Air spaces are larger in the vicinity of the stomata.
Air spaces participate in gaseous exchange.
Some air space is part of atmospheres.
Some air space is part of worlds.
Air speed is adjusted by changing the pitch of the soft aluminum blades.
Air speed is an important contributor to cooling of skin temperature.
Air speed is an important factor in heat loss or gain.
Air speed is generated through a variable speed wheel paddle located over the water surface.
Air speed is measured by two methods.
Air spray is preferred for appearance and build.
Air stagnation is a normal tendency in many soils.
Air stones are cosmetic in an aquarium with a bio-wheel.
Air stones create upward draw for better undergravel filter action.
Air strikes are an act of war that place U.S. pilots at risk.
Air strikes are an act of war.
Air strikes are by definition, myths of surgical precision aside, attacks on civilian populations.
Air strikes are particulalry effective against groups of enemy worms.
Air strikes end.
Air strikes pound the area and brutalize the enemy, but with little effect.
Air superiority is a precondition for all other combat operations.
Air superiority is always a factor in any warfare anywhere in the world.
Air superiority is fundamental to air occupations.
Air superiority is the foundation of practically every American battle plan on the books.
Air superiority is the prerequisite for success on the battlefield.
Air superiority wins every time.
Air supply is down.
Air support is essential to the tracking efforts.
Air support is indispensable.
Air supremacy is a necessary precondition of command of the sea.
Air suspension gives a smooth ride.
Air tank has schrader valve.
Air tanks come in different sizes.
Air tankers aid in raid on Libya.
Most air tankers are old military and civilian war planes.
Air taxis are available at most airports.
Air taxis are available between all major centres.
Air taxis are available in all of Alaska's major cities and villages.
Air taxis are available throughout the area for chartered flights to and from hunting areas.
Air taxis are available.
Air taxis are on the horizon for small airports, as well as for larger ones.
Air taxis stop flying one hour before sunset.
Air temperature affects air density.
Air temperature affects aspects.
Air temperature can also be uncertain.
Air temperature can fall below zero in the mountain summit area and snowfall is common in winter.
Air temperature determines the form of a snowflake.
Air temperature determines vertical movement of air pollutants.
Air temperature is a factor of altitude.
Air temperature is extremely heterogeneous, because air is an insulator.
Air temperature is measured by a device called air thermometer.
Air temperature is next in importance, as warmer air holds more moisture.
Air temperature is one of the most commonly measured weather conditions.
Air temperature is only one of several components that affect a person s thermal comfort.
Air temperature is quite variable within a home or office and can change daily or seasonally.
Air temperature is red, and dew point is blue.
Air temperature is relatively uniform throughout the year.
Air temperature is stable or increases with altitude.
Air temperature is the important factor.
Air temperature is used in quantifying the response of crop development to temperature.
Air temperature is usually different from surface temperatures.
Air temperature is very important as well.
Air temperature measured above urban surfaces is usually higher than that over rural surfaces .
Air temperature plays a crucial role in the survival of a plant.
Air temperature ranges from cs.
Air temperature reaches levels.
Air temperature remains constant .
Air temperature rises rapidly, heated gases and radiant energy spread fire.
Air temperature seems to be the principal factor affecting the time and duration of flowering.
Air temperature tells the hotness or coldness of the atmosphere.
Air temperature varies because the earth's surface heats up at different rates.
Air temperature varies with time and place.
Air temperatures are generally lowest at the tropopause, increasing above and below.
Air temperatures are high and relatively constant throughout the year.
Air temperatures are now below freezing, and the soil surface begins to refreeze.
Air temperatures are usually lower than maximum design values.
Air temperatures can change dramatically throughout the day.
Air temperatures decrease at night.
Air temperatures remain warm and are sometimes the highest of the year.
Air temperatures vary with latitude and time of day.
Most air temperature reaches levels.
Some air temperature is below degrees.
Air terminals are one source of sound in a mechanical system.
An air terminal is a terminal
Air tickets are located in airports.
Air tickets are located in briefcases.
Air tickets are located in envelopes.
Air tickets are located in suitcases.
Air tickets are non-refundable once issued.
Air tickets are subject to availability and other travel restrictions.
Air tickets are used for travel.
Air tickets are used for traveling.
All air tickets are one-year open returns, giving plenty of time after programmes finish.
Air time is additional.
Air time is essentially a commodity.
Air time is expensive, and government restrictions limit new stations.
Air time is free.
Air time is the slowdown time in the stride cycle.
Air time is two hours.
Air time is very expensive, and interface standards are lacking.
Air times are as follows.
Air times can change during the year.
Air times rotate.
Air times vary.
All air times are in order by the date and time of the show.
Air tools are usually smaller than there electrical counterparts.
Air tools help a lot.
Most air tools are available at hardware stores and home centers.
Air traffic can get pretty scary at some sites.
Air traffic controllers the world over communicate in English.
Air traffic is composed of scheduled services as well as taxi and executive flights.
Air traffic is likely to become even more important during the next twenty years.
Air traffic is no small threat to the environment, as well.
Air traffic is the busiest of all Brazil .
Air traffic is the busiest of all Brazil.
Air traffic is traffic
Air traffic is traffic.
Air traffic is vital to all communities.
Air traffic ranks third after 'neighbours' and 'road traffic' as the main source of noise nuisance.
Air traffic wastes energy.
More air traffic is good news for the area.
More air traffic means more vehicles arriving and leaving the airport area.
Air transport brings infants and children from as far away as Israel and Hawaii.
Air transport drives economic progress and in turn benefits from it.
Air transport includes large air carriers to commuters and freight services.
Air transport is a shipping
Air transport is available by arrangement, enquire for details.
Air transport is essential to economic progress.
Air transport is essential to increasing understanding of different cultures.
Air transport is fundamentally the basis for economic development in all parts of the world.
Air transport is the most important for transporting people.
Air transport is the only sector where progress has been made, particularly as regards air safety.
Air transport is the quickest and most efficient means of travel.
Air transport is, therefore, vital to our economic development.
Most air transport is provided by private airlines who serve passengers, shippers, or both.
Air transportation is a network business.
Air transportation is a shipping
Air transportation is a significant contributor to tourist receipts.
Air transportation is about one hundred times more expensive.
Air transportation is additional.
Air transportation is also important throughout Alaska.
Air transportation is an additional charge.
Air transportation is an especially good option for women traveling alone.
Air transportation is another important aspect of area's economy.
Air transportation is available from major cities throughout North America.
Air transportation is available to Jackson, Wyoming.
Air transportation is available to most big cities on a local level.
Air transportation is available.
Air transportation is especially important in Canada's northern communities.
Air transportation is free.
Air transportation is important in so large a country.
Air transportation is optional.
Air transportation is provided by small air charter firms and craft used by drug smugglers.
Air transportation is readily available.
Air transportation is rides.
Air transportation is subject to normal space availability in the designated inventory.
Air transportation is the best option where considerable distances over rough terrain are involved.
Air transportation is the chief form of travel, with planes and zeppelins filling the skies.
Air transportation is the primary method of passenger travel to and from the village.
Air transportation is transportation.
Air transportation is used mainly for worker travel and delivery of mail and newspapers.
Air transportation is via regularly scheduled airlines.
Air transportation is via selected airlines.
Air transportation makes Atlanta a premiere city.
Air transportation offers a number of choices.
Air transportation offers the advantage of speed and can be used for long-distance transport.
Air transportation provides the only year-round access to Arctic Village.
Air transportation remains among the safest forms of travel.
All air transportation is from Santiago, Chile, on small, twin engine aircraft.
Air trapping is as close to zero as possible, and the shoulder dumps are extremely efficient.
Air travel can also be a great way to see the refuge.
Air travel can be expensive.
Air travel can be uncomfortable and restrictive.
Air travel can be very hectic.
Air travel can involve delays, exposing animals to temperature-related hazards.
Air travel continues to be a growth industry.
Air travel has a major impact on the world 's environment , especially the atmosphere .
Air travel has a major impact on the world's environment, especially the atmosphere.
Air travel has the supposed advantage that it is quicker.
Air travel is a booming business.
Air travel is a challenge, leading to anxiety about making connections and keeping to schedules.
Air travel is a frustrating, exhausting, confusing business.
Air travel is a no no during mid to late pregnancy.
Air travel is a quick, comfortable and convenient way of getting around in Iceland.
Air travel is a service provided in which the customer pays in advance for travel accomadations.
Air travel is a stressful experience for many people.
Air travel is additional.
Air travel is air transport.
Air travel is air transportation.
Air travel is air travel.
Air travel is another amazing achievement of our modern world.
Air travel is another story.
Air travel is at record levels.
Air travel is based upon coach fare.
Air travel is charged at the most effective fare basis for the project involved.
Air travel is common too.
Air travel is comparatively cheap, and is only slightly more expensive than rail travel.
Air travel is coordinated through a selected travel agency.
Air travel is costly to arrange for someone who is sick or disabled.
Air travel is currently the most preferred and safest.
Air travel is easy here, too.
Air travel is especially difficult.
Air travel is exceptionally cheap by international standards.
Air travel is fast.
Air travel is generally an inefficient mode of intercity transportation.
Air travel is here to stay.
Air travel is included in the fees.
Air travel is included.
Air travel is limited to two airlines.
Air travel is now a necessity and a large proportion of the population fly.
Air travel is now common and affordable.
Air travel is now part of mainstream America.
Air travel is often cheaper than train because there is no international tax on aviation fuel.
Air travel is one of the safest means of transportation.
Air travel is only reliable means of access into Myanmar.
Air travel is open to all.
Air travel is permissible three weeks following surgery.
Air travel is pricey and major airports are only in the bigger cities.
Air travel is quite accessible.
Air travel is recommended.
Air travel is reimbursed for economy air travel fare only.
Air travel is reimbursed for economy airfare only.
Air travel is relatively inexpensive because of the short distances involved.
Air travel is relatively new in China.
Air travel is romantic.
Air travel is safer today than it has been at any time in the recent past.
Air travel is taken for granted.
Air travel is the best option to travel to Bulgaria.
Air travel is the cheapest and most efficient form of transportation in and out of the state.
Air travel is the fastest growing segment of the transportation industry.
Air travel is the most used.
Air travel is the only regular of transportation.
Air travel is the primary mode of long-distance travel.
Air travel is the responsibility of the participant.
Air travel is the safest form of travel.
Air travel is the safest mode of transportation.
Air travel is the safest, most efficient mode of transportation in the United States.
Air travel is to be planned in advance to take advantage of discount fares.
Air travel is travel
Air travel is travel.
Air travel is undoubtedly quicker but costs more than other means of transportation.
Air travel is used to carry passengers, much needed supplies and the mail.
Air travel is very high in the Arctic.
Air travel is well represented with the presence of several air frames and plane components.
Air travel means a disease can be half way around the world in a matter of hours.
Air travel means a disease can be halfway around the world, in a matter of hours.
Air travel provides the means to send a microbe anywhere in the world with staggering efficiency.
Air travel requires more planning and coordination with the airline.
Air travel takes longer and costs more.
Air travel tends to dehydrate people.
More air travel means more demand for our aviation fuel.
Most air travel is contributed.
Air turbines are what drive the unit of refrigeration.
Air turbulence affects the density of the otherwise homogenous air.
Air turbulence is generated whenever personnel walk past the biosafety cabinet.
Air turbulence is unusually high.
Air units are fragile.
Air units are military units.
Air units are quite good at defense in the field so they have nothing to fear by leaving the cities.
Air units can react two hexes after the bad guys move.
Air units return to base.
An air unit is a force
Air vents allow the drum to breath for superior response and projection.
Air vents are a nice option for the summer.
Air vents are clean and operating properly.
Air vents are one way to prevent fogging.
Air vents help to encourage aerobic decay in organisms.
Air war continues to provide cover for American retreat . .
Air watts is a calculated power value derived from a combination of the air flow and suction.
Air waves belong to the strongest voice.
An air wave is a sound wave
Air way is more convenient for short time trip.
Air absorbs heat.
Air absorbs oxygen.
Air absorbs the least, so lungs look black on a radiograph.
Air absorbs through their exoskeleton.
Air absorbs, or attenuates, the energy contained in sound waves.
Air activated sludge and biological filters are two of many methods of secondary treatment.
Air acts as the channel for broadcasts like radio.
Air acts as the intermediary between fire and water.
Air acts in the same way.
Air acts just like water.
Air add on available from other cities.
Air add ons and government taxes and departure fees are additional.
Air add ons avail.
Air add ons available also.
Air add ons available and longer stays available.
Air add ons available for all packages.
Air add ons available from other cities, children's discounts available.
Air add ons available from other cities.
Air add ons available.
Air add ons from other cities are available.
Air add ons from other cities available.
Air add-on fares include transfers and baggage handling to and from the airport and pier.
Air add-on from other cities is available.
Air add-on rates are available from most major gateways upon request.
Air affects astronomical refraction.
Air affects health.
Air affects human lungs.
Air affects lungs.
Air affects refraction.
Air allows the most X-rays through the animal, resulting in a dark image.
Air alone is compressed during the compression stroke.
Air also acts as cooling agent and material removal agent.
Air also carries tiny particles of solid materials, such as dust.
Air also comes in through doors and windows.
Air also contains naturally occurring organic acids and acidic particles.
Air also contains oxygen.
Air also contains small amounts of several other gases.
Air also contains very small amounts of several other gases.
Air also contains water droplets, dust, and other particles.
Air also contains water vapour and hard matter such as dust, microbes and pollen.
Air also cools as heat radiates from it into space.
Air also cools as it rises and expand.
Air also enters through natural ventilation openings, such as open doors and windows.
Air also makes it possible for sound to travel to our ears.
Air also moves from one place to another.
Air also provides nitrogen which is fixed to the plants for utilisation.
Air also rotates around highs and lows, so that also has vorticity.
Air also seems to be crucial to the process.
Air appears in the lowest one or two classes as separate classes.
Air are immensely clever at turning narrative into pure music.
Air balling-the three players try to keep the ball alive in the air through volleys or heading.
Air becomes a negative when expectations of everyone to uphold the same standards occurs.
Air becomes buoyant when air near the ground becomes less dense than air that surrounds it.
Air becomes letters on a page.
Air bedclothes outside in sunny weather.
Air begins to flow inland cooling the temperature.
Air begins to flow up the slope.
Air begins to travel into our lungs again.
Air behaves much like a fluid, so the same is true for air.
Air belongs to everybody.
Air billows beneath and clings to tall buildings.
Air binding is just one of the problems that can sabotage optimum plant performance.
Air bleed assy.
Air blocks water from flowing at full rate causing low flow measurement reading.
Air blowing against a mountain is forced to ascend.
Air blowing in or out is common in caves.
Air blowing out to sea can cause intense allergy symptoms.
Air blowing over a wet surface also makes evaporation happen faster.
Air blown through the rock carries heat to the house.
Air blows cold, power steering, auto trans, radio.
Air blows radially out between two plates, supporting weights hung from the bottom plate.
Air blows through a drying tower and feeds into a sulfur burner.
Air born mold can bring on some nasty respiratory problems, including asthma and emphysema.
Air borne allergens are mold, pollen, animal dander, perfumes and colognes, and dust mites.
Air brakes on a truck apply far more force that drivers can with just muscles.
Air brakes, Oil brakes, Automatic door opening devices for buses.
Air breaks down at three million volts per meter.
Air breathing tropical freshwater fish a good example.
Air brings lightness while water brings renewal of life.
Air bubbles that form under the film can be forced out toward the seams with a push broom.
Air bubbling through a perforated pipe causes an upward water flow that slows the spread of oil.
Air burst Immediately after a nuclear explosion, a huge, intensely hot fireball is formed.
Air can absorb moisture.
Air can alter the pH, carbonate, and bicarbonate levels of the water.
Air can be a light breeze, a strong wind, fill up an empty space, and carry sound.
Air can be inspiration as in breathing in all kinds of things.
Air can become very strong when it is moving and is wind.
Air can carry a certain amount of water vapour.
Air can change direction in a flash and change again just as quickly.
Air can clog the stem of flowers when the stem is trimmed.
