Some state machines can be extremely large and unfeasible for some programmable technologies.
State mammal is a confusing one.
State management can be one of the biggest headaches for developers of Web applications.
State management includes limited entry and quota, and fishing gear and area restrictions.
State management provides for such uses currently.
State markers are green with gold-leaf lettering and the state seal.
State markers are often difficult to find and often never monumented in the first place.
State media are likely to begin publicizing stories to show the dangers of the Wheel of Law.
State media are partial and less independent.
State military leave laws.
State militia crushes their rebellion.
State militia have to take refuge from the fury of the common folk.
State militias respond with expeditions and raids of their own.
Most state ministers are also big business people.
State monopolies require comparisons with other public utilities and some level of consumer choice.
State mottoes indicate that religion was embraced by state governments.
State name is required.
State names are fully qualified by the name of the object class to which the state pertains.
State names link to maps showing battlefield locations by county.
Some state names are purely Spanish.
State nicknames are especially popular among sports teams.
A state of affairs is a state
States of affairs have different properties.
States of consciousness are states of the brain.
States of consciousness have no mass, even if they can be conceded to be movable.
All states of consciousness are available right now.
Some states of consciousness have higher focus than others.
States of emergency are in effect along the river from Minnesota to southeast Iowa.
State of matter is a natural phenomenon
States of matter are good examples of entropy.
States of matter is the physical state in which the matter can exist.
A state of mind is a mental condition
State of mind is another important consideration in heart attack recovery.
States of mind are films.
States of mind tend to exclude each other to some extent.
All states of mind are motor in their consequences.
A state of nature is a state
States of nature are alternatives available to a decision maker.
Most states of souls give ages, but few occupations.
State of war is antagonism
State of war is declared.
State office is to be in charge of individual county offices.
State offices are open.
State offices can find themselves burdened with calls for information.
State offices perform resource assessment, demonstration projects, and provide technical assistance.
State offices remain open and state employees can take it as a floating holiday or actually work it.
State offices tend to provide excellent digital data, and it tends to come with good metadata.
State Offices Use the above navigation icons to quickly jump to other results.
Many state offices have information available here.
State officials coordinate health services.
State officials coordinate services.
State officials determine methods.
State officials determine operations.
State officials offer resources.
State operators handle directory assistance calls.
State organization is rather inactive.
State organizations have to protect themselves.
State organizations provide statistical data on the cattle business in their states.
Many state organizations have well-organized and effective political action networks.
Many state organizations maintain web sites.
State ownership is restricted to low production potential.
State ownership is still a national article of faith.
State ownership is still prevalent, in spite of a movement towards some privatisation.
State Park are inaccurate, so stop by the shop for an accurate map.
State Park has entry fee.
State park has hot showers and electricity.
State park has picnic and charcoal facilities, snack bar.
State Park passes are available at entrance stations and at park offices.
State Park piers nearby for angling and sight-seeing.
State parks accept reservations as far as six months in advance.
State parks are great places to see animals.
State parks are open year-round, and with a few exceptions, facilities are open seven nights a week.
State parks are parks.
State parks are part of the resource that is being considered.
State parks are public property to be preserved for our posterity as open and natural space.
State parks are wilderness parks.
State parks are wildlife refuges.
State parks contain significant examples of California's cultural heritage.
State parks dot the area.
State parks gift foundation.
State parks has several programs to help kids learn about their environment.
State parks have many tours and special camp cleanup projects for children.
State parks have special hunting and trapping regulations.
State parks have the best deals and lowest admission prices.
State parks maintain several bridle trails available for public use.
State parks map of Champlain Islands, Vermont.
State parks offer discounted rates for State employees.
State parks offer free trails to hike and many acres to explore.
State parks offer hiking, fishing, camping, birdwatching, and more.
State parks offer opportunities to find peaceful beauty in the Ocean State.
State parks offer recreation.
State parks protect the places that tell stories about Wisconsin people and landscapes.
State parks provide access for visitors with disabilities.
State parks receive just as many visitors each year as do national parks.
State parks require a fee that can be in the form of an annual pass for all state parks.
All state parks are open the year around.
All state parks are open the year round.
All state parks are open the year-round.
All state parks are wildlife preserves - hunting or trapping is unlawful.
All state parks charge entrance and camping fees based on the level of services available.
All state parks provide hiking, picnicking, and camping facilities.
Every state park has a Web site.
Every state park has picnic facilities and most have camping facilities and trails.
Many state parks allow pets in certain areas of the campground as well.
Many state parks are available but require a permit.
Many state parks charge a nominal visitors' fee per car during the summer season.
Many state parks contain giant stumps in second growth redwood forests.
Many state parks have cabins available.
Many state parks have hiking trails that are handicap-accessible.
Many state parks have hiking trails that make excellent terrain for a winter excursion.
Many state parks have one or more small lakes on their property.
Many state parks have places for picnics, trails to hike, camping areas, or lakes to go boating.
Many state parks have programs that encourage bike touring.
Many state parks have special use areas for use by non-profit youth organizations.
Many state parks have swimming pools or designated swimming areas in state park lakes.
Many state parks have wonderful opportunities for viewing native Florida wildlife.
Many state parks offer hiking opportunities as well.
Many state parks remain open for camping during the winter months.
Many state parks rent canoes and kayaks.
More state parks continue up the shore to the Canadian border.
Most state parks are open year-round, but some close in winter.
Most state parks have camping facilities.
Most state parks have events scheduled.
Most state parks offer clothing and gift items.
Most state parks offer firewood for sale.
Most state parks offer recreation.
Some state parks allow campers to pay the camping fee in an honor system envelope.
Some state parks allow winter camping, with rangers' permission.
Some state parks have self-guided interpretive trails.
State patterns vary, however.
State plane coordinates x and y, plus the scale factor.
State planning is available for California and New York as well as a user-specified generic state.
State planning is still in place.
State police officers have authority.
State police officers have duties.
State police are at work.
State police are laws.
State police are police.
State police attribute half of Delaware s fatal accidents to aggressive driving.
State police believe the driver was from Rupert, West Virginia.
State Police believe the trailer was overloaded.
State police believe there are more victims.
State police consist of about eight patrol cars.
State police continue to investigate but say there is no known motive for the shooting.
State police continue to investigate the accident.
State Police continue to investigate the accident.
State Police generate public information announcements.
State police have five such machines, Detroit one.
State police provide coverage in communities without police departments or with part-time ones.
State police provide police protection.
State police provide protection.
State police report a number of minor accidents.
State police report that the car was traveling at a high rate of speed when it lost control.
State police respond to scenes.
State Police say a car veered out of control, and hit another one almost head-on.
State police say a tractor trailer clipped the car while changing lanes, then pushed the auto ahead.
State police say at least six people died in weekend traffic accidents on Michigan roads.
State Police say charges are pending.
State Police say icy road conditions and low visibility led to a string of accidents in the area.
State Police say motorists are pleased with the checkpoints.
State Police say none of the injuries appeared to be life threatening.
State police say one car hit the rear of another, pushing it head-on into a third.
State Police say one lane of traffic is open.
State Police say the bullets are specifically coming from the shooting range.
State police say the car ran off the road and hit a tree.
State Police say the driver apparently fell asleep.
State police say the driver apparently lost control after hitting a soft part of the shoulder.
State Police say the driver lost control of the car and hit a utility pole.
State Police say the heavy traffic thinned out after about ten last night.
State police say the incident is still being investigated.
State Police say the shootings are believed to be drug-related.
State Police say the son died.
State Police say there are too many wild turkeys up here.
State police say they are making more of an effort to take aggressive drivers off the road.
State police say they have joined a nationwide effort to bring the accident rate down.
State police say they're amazed no one was seriously hurt.
State Police say they're beefing up patrols to make sure they do.
State Police say they've recovered the weapon used in the crime.
State police say young black men in expensive cars are drug runners.
State Police serve the township.
State police suggest traveling during off-peak hours to avoid congestion.
State police talk to organizers.
State police use helicopters to fly over suspected areas.
State Police use the service to connect smaller, remote sites to Salem.
Most state police provide protection.
State policies can sometimes impede improvements at the district and school levels.
State policies have an impact on the number of public colleges and their mission.
State policies prohibit the stocking of fish with whirling disease.
State policies regarding reimbursement of long-term care costs play a significant role.
State policy accounts for some of it.
State policy calls for destruction of an entire cattle herd when any animals in it are infected.
State policy encourages growth within the urban growth boundary.
State policy favors strongly separate trials.
State policy is if staff bring in personal property, staff is responsible for any losses.
State policy prohibits the purchase of individual memberships with state funds.
State policy requires only that students justify their absences and make up their work.
State policy requires that driving records be checked annually.
State policy requires the use of a compact sedan whenever possible.
Some state policies are clearer, more positive, and more directive than others.
State power divides into legislative, executive and judicial.
State power is a good example of a necessary cage.
State power is contested in the resulting legal and institutional pluralism.
State power is economics as well.
State power is wielded where success is perceived as likely.
State power is, therefore, the principal dimension of political power.
A state prison is a prison
State prisons are full of Portland area criminals.
State prisons are the largest part.
State prisons vary in size and type of security.
State properties are available to the public by way of public tender.
State property is also theft.
State property is to be sold only to industrial investors, the bill runs.
State prosecutors are sympathetic - but adamant.
State prosecutors can block bail by establishing grounds for seeking the death penalty.
State prosecutors have discretion to determine whom to prosecute, and what charges to bring.
State prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty.
State racism contaminates civil society.
State radio provides one hour of programming.
State recognition is, in our opinion, too variable to be used as a measure of legitimacy.
State records are another vital area of information gathering.
State records indicate both statements are false.
State records indicate the other appointees gave little or nothing to candidates.
State records list the business as a sporting goods company.
State records reveal the names of corporate officers and directors.
State records show serious complaints or actions against the center or home.
State records vary.
State regulation includes guidelines for impulse noise.
State regulation is at a crossroads.
State regulation is indispensable.
State regulation is invalid if it discriminates between domestic and foreign commerce.
State regulation is likely to grow in tandem with oversight and enforcement needs.
State regulation is necessary in order to give local law enforcement the means to take action.
State regulation requires an adoptive home study.
State regulation requires children to wear helmets when biking.
State regulation varies from state to state.
State regulation works.
State regulations allow customers to read their own meters up to six months in a row.
State regulations allow the disposal to sewer under certain conditions.
State regulations allow the retention of sablefish as bycatch during the open season.
State regulations allows for only chemicals from households to be accepted.
State regulations apply in federal waters.
State regulations apply in the absence of local controls.
State regulations apply to all fishing.
State regulations apply to fishing and crabbing on the refuge.
State regulations apply to wetlands on the beds of lakes and streams.
State regulations apply while fishing and crabbing on the refuge.
State regulations apply.
State regulations are now vulnerable to changes requested by business interests.
State regulations are the most current available anywhere.
State regulations benefit everyone but the working girl.
State regulations can change daily.
State regulations can, in some cases, require more frequent testing and additional paperwork.
State regulations control teacher-student ratios.
State regulations force nursing homes to seek guardianships over incompetent patients.
State regulations governing the deductibility of gifts of life insurance vary.
State regulations governing the use of vacation time apply to the extra vacation the bill grants.
State regulations guarantee less quality, and free markets guarantee a complete lack of quality.
State regulations help to ensure that school-age children are up on their immunizations.
State regulations make no provisions for travel advances.
State regulations mandate sexism in perpetrator treatment programs.
State regulations prohibit approval of an expenditure contract for services already performed.
State regulations prohibit computers from being discarded in conventional landfills.
State regulations prohibit corporal punishment.
State regulations prohibit non water-related activities on ocean piers.
State regulations prohibit pitching a tent anywhere but at a shelter area.
State regulations prohibit structures and on-site wastewater systems within the beach easement.
State regulations prohibit the use of state-owned equipment for political purposes.
State regulations provide a mechanism for casino investors to structure a transaction in that way.
State regulations provide for state review and appeal of a district decision.
State regulations recognize that a one year balance is appropriate in the debt payment category.
State regulations require a certain amount of square footage per child.
State regulations require an activity be at least five hours in length.
State regulations require bull trout and cutthroats to be released.
State regulations require documentation of attendance.
State regulations require highway agencies to store salt inside a covered, waterproof structure.
State regulations require municipal agreements between counties for trash disposal.
State regulations require one on every anhydrous nurse tank.
State regulations require one staff member on duty for every six residents.
State regulations require particular coursework requirements for each endorsement.
State regulations require that state facilities be given preference when possible.
State regulations require that the bus driver be in the bus while it is running or occupied.
State regulations require that the opining actuary compute a range of reasonable estimates.
State regulations require that traps be checked at least once a day.
State regulations require various programs of study both prior to and following the licensing exam.
State regulations vary.
All state regulations apply, including possession of an inland trout stamp.
All state regulations apply.
All State regulations pertaining to archery and firearms deer hunting apply.
Most state regulations allow for a period of up to four weeks to respond to any appeal.
Most state regulations allow pharmacists an arbitrary one-year discard date.
Some state regulations adopt federal health or environmental regulations by reference.
Some state regulations apply to the use of credit cards and checks, as well as minimum draw amounts.
Some state regulations are easy to comply with and some are difficult.
Some state regulations require that inspection reports adhere to a particular state-specific format.
State religion is no real religion at all.
State report urges return to basics in teaching reading.
State reports are similar.
State reports indicate a steady increase in the number of computers per student.
State reports show many counties fail to comply, however.
State reports show that Nazarenes grow by outreach .
State reports vary widely regarding content.
State representative speaks up on partnerships in Florida.
State representatives announce their results from the convention floor.
State representatives appear ready to approve the bill.
State representatives play a crucial role in mountain bike advocacy.
State representatives work together, balancing the best interests of each state district.
State responsibilities are similar.
State responsibility can include material assistance to parents and their children.
State roads are decent and county roads vary widely.
State roads lead to major sites.
State schools are almost always less expensive than private schools.
State schools are comprehensive.
State schools are free for all children.
State schools are now only in the first step of implementing the reforms.
State schools are slow to give places, so parents panic.
State schools are the reproductive organs of statism.
State schools are therefore immoral in principle.
State schools can and do provide for very able children.
State schools can be good value for the in-staters.
State schools face numerous hardships.
State schools have an obligation to meet the needs of dyslexic pupils.
State schools have to have strict priorities.
State schools have to manage with less and less money.
State schools provide a free education.
State schools require white smocks, different styles for boys and girls.
State schools say they are trying to do the same thing.
State schools score high in new report.
All state schools are coeducational.
Many state schools offer special tuition rates for bona fide residents of the given state.
Most state schools favor their residents in admissions.
Most state schools offer developemental math classes.
Some state schools manage to have excellent facilities like computers despite their small budgets.
Some state schools offer top rated programs.
State seal appears in left center of front.
State seal has beaver on it.
State seal is machine sewn, and grommets are featured for easy display.
State seals are generally Black on silver.
A state senator is a senator
State senator cuts provision to end nurse-guard jobs.
State senators are legislators.
State senators are senators.
State senators contend that price fixing is hurting consumers and inflating the price of milk.
State senators have four-year terms.
State senators have until the end of the session, likely in two or three weeks, to take up the bill.
State Senators serve four-year terms.
State Senators serve staggered four-year terms.
Many state senators have no personal community college experience.
State service is the cumulative total months of state employment.
State services are available at any time day or night.
State services are on the alert to face any problems caused by the heatwave.
State services depend increasingly on donor resources, particularly in Tanzania and Uganda.
State services require calmness.
State socialism is a big lie.
State socialism is economy
State song is Home on the Range.
State sovereignty becomes an issue.
State sovereignty remains the fundamental principle in international relations.
State space is essentially a graph in which each axis is associated with one dynamic variable.
State space searches.
State spending is at the constitutional spending cap.
Most state spending is guided by statutory formulas or provisions.
State studs own the stallions in Austria, carefully maintaining the quality of the breed.
State subsidies are off slightly.
State subsidies cover part of the municipalities' and sports organisations' expenses.
State subsidies provide a significant portion of the program cost.
State subsidy covers salaries of staff appointed in terms of prescribed norms.
State symbols are generally a heady type of issue.
Some state symbols have great historical value, such as the grizzly bear on California's flag.
State tables are another representation of the same information.
State tables are available below.
State tax applies to California residents.
State tax is applied to an item if shipped in California.
State tax is applied to an item if the shipping address is in Ohio.
State tax is applied to Washington residents.
State tax is charged on all Missouri calls.
State tax is included in the total cost.
State tax IS payable as the vehicle has never been registered before.
State tax takes an additional bite.
State tax varies.
State taxation is also complicated.
State taxes are high to keep local property taxes low.
State taxes are low and there is a favorable business climate.
State taxes are substantially lower than in other states.
State taxes buy a poor education.
State taxes have to be modified to reflect the current actual tax rate per state.
State taxes provide most of the remaining funds.
State taxes total seven per cent.
State taxes vary.
State terrorism begets free-agent terrorism.
State terrorism is a. a globally approved type of warfare.
State terrorism is the most ignoble form of terrorism.
State transitions can occur before or after method invocations.
State transitions describe events that cause an object to go from state to another.
A state treasurer is a treasurer
State treasurers are the trustees of the public purse.
State treasurers serve as the chief financial officers of the states.
State tree guides now available.
State tree is the pinon.
State trees are popular because of their beauty and practical value.
A state trooper is a policeman
State troopers are policemans.
State troopers arrive on the scene.
State troopers hold back the marchers with tear gas, clubs, and extreme violence.
State troopers patrol vast stretches of roadway, and at times rural highways have no police at all.
State troopers prevent integration in high school.
State troopers respond to accident scenes.
State troopers respond to scenes.
State troopers work weeks.
Most state troopers respond to accident scenes.
Most state troopers respond to scenes.
Most state troopers work weeks.
State universities apply that same percentage increase to almost all of their operating budget.
State universities are also eligible.
State universities are central to Iowa's education system.
State universities are more open.
State universities are unwilling to cede authority over local institutions to federal officials.
State universities attract outstanding professors with competitive salaries and benefit packages.
State universities dominate higher education in the United States.
State universities have a more rigid policy.
State universities operate under such tight budgets.
All state universities are likely to require tuition increases.
Some state universities prefer the third year of a foreign language.
State variables are the inductor currents and capacitor voltages.
State variables are variables which are constrained but can only be manipulated indirectly.
State variables review.
State vectors are as important to the ground support personnel as they are to the shuttle itself.
State violence is practiced against any form of real or imagined political opposition or rivalry.
State violence is problematic because what the State does, it does with prima facie justification.
A state is a district
State accepts Houston smog plan .
State accuses walled-community developers of violating tax and education regulations.
State adds new plants to Noxious Weed List.
State admits 'comfort women' role.
State agrees with that.
State allows the two machines to share interrelated information over a series of exchanges.
State also accepts students from California.
State also engages third countries to protect U.S. citizen interests.
State also has two leaders among the top three home run hitters.
State also makes water-system pump tanks and expansion tanks in Charlotte, North Carolina.
State also means the section of territory occupied by a state, as the state of Pennsylvania.
State also provides education and an information clearinghouse.
State announces reconstitution eligible schools.
State approved vendors are expensive.
State argue to any note or sang apparel - lingeries.
State assumes full risk for pharmaceutical product price inflation.
State assumes possession of canal.
State balanced-budget requirements, too, raise the specter of funding cuts to localities.
State based search for animal shelters and rescues is now available .
State begin next fall.
State begins work to relocate freeway stretch.
State blames the problem on use of the wrong kind of sponge.
State buys employee coverage and dependent coverage.
State can appeal grant of writ, or retry p for same offense.
State can be the official state code or the full state name.
State can no longer afford to waste personnel resources.
State can only handle certain size documents.
State can seize assets to pay the taxes after arrest.
State can sontaneously combust at any time, though.
State can still win the Western title with a little help from Auburn against Alabama.
State can tax all of nondomiciliary resident's income.
State carries the burden of soaring divorce costs.
State certified instructor holds four sessions of classroom instruction.
State certified technicians are also on staff to manage turf and oversee mowing operations.
State certified trainer does all the training.
State claims that the transcript is part of the settled record.
State claims to sovereignty sidestepped or ignored.
State claims waiver inconsistencies exempt all cases from participation rates.
State climatologists, for example.
State come up with an auditing process to show ability levels and accomplishments.
State compacts for conservation, transportation, etc., of natural gas.
State consolidates credit card contracts.
State contains just the balance necessary for the job.
State contains only letters.
State contends something else.
State contracted rates provide required liability coverage for ordinary use.
State controlled vouchers are likely to fare little better.
State coordinate transformation.
State coordinates bilateral and multilateral efforts to develop the political commitment.
State covers cost of state-mandated programs at local level.
State cracks down on welfare cases with warrants.
State decides retail sale prices.
State disappear Internet beyond few city amid all metal.
State doubles champion as a freshman and senior, finalist as a junior.
State driving laws and speed limits are to be obeyed at all times.
State Elected Officials Find state reps.
State Enter a two-character state postal abbreviation.
State Enter the recipient's state of residence.
State epidemiologists from the three states.
State establishes driver's licenses.
State expand paratransit services to unserved areas of Texas.
State facts A quick look at at Illinois commerce, communities, geography and much more.
State fairgrounds malt beverage permit.
State files environmental charges in Chippewa County.
State Finds all committees for the state entered.
State funded appropriation whose primary source of funds is tax revenue and tuition.
State funded research is clearly a very good investment.
State funded units are responsible for paying access charges.
State gets bill for fall in fleet car hire profits.
State Give the main points in brief, clear form.
State Give the main points.
State grants special parking privileges to people with disabilities.
State grinds past opponents with rebounding, team attitude and defense.
State has a highway patrol.
State has a prepaid tuition plan.
State has a rich tradition in track and field.
State has a ridiculous schedule.
State has a role.
State has additional math software links.
State has an elusive athletic quarterback that can buy more time when the protection is gone.
State has an enforceable water quality policy .
State has an interesting blend of experience and youth.
State has an offensive line that can buy time for the quarterback with good pass protection.
State has assessments for reading literacy, tests vs national norm.
State has burden of proving lack of prejudice.
State has enormous resources with problems to match.
State has existing prepaid tuition plan.
State has interest in protecting patients.
State has minimum standards, give discretion for more circumstances.
State has mislead the public saying it is.
State has moral obligation to act.
State has no net increase program.
State has several more hours of daylight in summer than in winter.
State has special mental health advance directive statute.
State has the blueprint, the same one it used last year.
State has the talent to develop such savvy.
State has two geographical areas.
State helps direct state, county and local investments into areas designated for growth.
State holds North Slope lease sale.
State how changing American values can affect the five basic social institutions.
State imposed prayers are unconstitutional.
State imposed surcharges are additional.
State includes foreign countries for the purposes of formula apportionment.
State Includes short instructional courses.
State Indicates whether the tunnel is open, opening, closing, or closed.
State invites all area nominees to an awards luncheon and each receives a plaque.
State involves the attitude of organizations to internal causes and to external circumstances.
State is a big, physical team that's had some early success.
State is a country whose ports a vessel visits.
State is a decision making partner at key points in the assistance process.
State is a good basketball team.
State is a required field.
State is a solid outfit.
State is a tinderbox.
State is a tuple containing the state of the coder.
State is a very good basketball team.
State is an awfully good basketball team that is playing well.
State is by nature violent.
State is central.
State is defined in fields, whose values are stored in each instance.
State is different and government is a different thing.
State is encapsulated in the persistent files of an entity's corresponding process.
State is environment.
State is governed by the Treaty of Rome.
State is history.
State is implemented as a mapping object.
State is in a good regional.
State is in first year of current biennial budget.
State is kept only for the duration of the round trip between sender and receiver.
State is liable only upon contracts authorized by law .
State is liable only upon contracts authorized by law.
State is local to an address space, while computation can migrate over the network.
State is maintained between applications.
State is maintained via a cookie.
State is next.
State is restored by the session object.
State is returned upon successful completion.
State is scheduled to play three games today.
State is shaded green.
State is shaded orange.
State is shaded yellow.
State is synonymous with war.
State is the first recipient of the award.
State is the generic term, and denotes in general the mode in which a thing stands or exists.
State is the most inclusive association within a territory.
State is the name of the coldest of all cold monsters.
State is the server maintained copy of the state info that is transmitted to the client.
State is to be strengthened.
State is upgraded to solid.
State is used to connote the minimal presentation of information.
State is usually the main state agency that deals with elementary and secondary education.
State is very close to .
State is vulnerable to post play.
State isa entity.
State kept by the replication servers can be weakly consistent.
State lacks services.
State lands long-range management plans.
State launches investigation of zoo finances in response.
State licensed clinic and staff provide bilingual Spanish services.
State loses first round in tribe s lawsuit.
State maintains a working automated data processing system to store notification information.
State maintains adequate records for the purposes of review.
State maintains current position.
State make and model bid and include product literature.
State make and model of clock radio.
State make and model.
State make Suggestion out benefits with none peaches or recover away some map.
State makes Appropriate protective action determination.
State manages alliance relationships and coordinates interagency policy on peacekeeping operations.
State mandated water restrictions are still in effect.
State mandates elimination of dup.
State means any one of the foregoing.
State means New York.
State means the State of Illinois.
State means the state of Ohio.
State means the state of Oregon.
State needs info now.
State needs to adopt tougher seat belt law.
State needs to have an advisory council to work with for state grants.
State needs to promote a strong and independent economy.
State needs to take the lead.
State needs to win out in order to have a shot.
State now requires for approved transfers do nothing for national security or foreign policy.
State numbering laws differ from each other in many ways.
State offers flexible spending accounts and medical and dependent care reimbursable accounts.
State orally answers to questions.
State oriented domains are a superset of taskoriented domains.
State overhead is another major obstacle to a viable recreational boating program.
State owned aircraft fly to all major domestic cities, and provide courteous, punctual service.
State owned enterprises perform many other services, weakening their ability to be efficient.
State owned highways, on the other hand, are a constant drain on the treasury as repairs are made.
State owned lakes are also eligible.
State owned vehicles are for official state business use only.
State owns to normal high water mark.
State passes a law criminalizing reckless street-crossing.
State passes Net decency law .
State Paves Way for More Power Plants.
State pays all costs.
State pays for well child visits through CHDP program.
State pays full cost.
State pays operating costs and teachers' salaries.
State pays part of premium.
State pays salary for judge and staff.
State pays the total costs when the adjacent sidewalk is being constructed at the same time.
State permits valid in certain waters.
State PIRGs national links .
State plans to help both wetlands and development.
State playing the strike game Strikes are all about tactics.
State plays Art.
State plays tough defense but they have trouble scoring points.
State pressing federal regulators to cap the price of officials are electricity.
State prevailing wages and associated laws are applicable.
State promote publicly supported housing to incorporate basic access design features.
State promotes partnerships between businesses, community groups, and government.
State proposes nursing home staffing standards.
State provide a certificate of attendance.
State provides a model noise ordinance for municipalities.
State provides own money for immigrant food stamps.
State provides policy definition and funds projects for institutional development.
State provides policy guidance to, and coordination with, intelligence and other agencies.
State provides supplemental payment for deliveries.
State provides that person with technical support, resource materials and training.
State provides the bidding and contracting service.
State provides training of labour protection specialists in colleges of higher education.
State publishes analyses of human rights conditions in foreign countries.
State ranks among the most impressive.
State readies to do battle with alien species.
State recognizes practice of chiropractic as one of the healing arts.
State refers to changes such as what was filled into forms or other configurations made to the page.
State refers to small changes in a book made by the printer in the middle of a print run.
State refers to the effect of fields, collisions, and constraints.
State reflects inertia to act, whereas action reflects readiness to act.
State reimburses locality one-half of credit.
State relates to ecological processes or to a part or parts of ecological systems.
State releases funds to support program and delivery of courses.
State releases personal information from motor vehicle records to marketers.
State reporting laws vary regarding potentially unsafe drivers.
State reports on trucks, minivans and sport utility vehicles.
State requires excessive documentation for invoices.
State requires monitored exams.
State requires only two closest houses to blast sight.
State requires passenger cars and light-duty trucks be tested for emissions every year.
State requires principals to be granted lifetime tenure in their buildings.
State requires public school principals to be granted lifetime tenure as principals.
State requires some teachers to have a noneducation degree.
State requires successful completion of one or more national tests.
State rescinds ban on sale of ephedrine products.
State restricts the use of magnified images to sell vitamins, supplements.
State Retired dues vary from state to state.
State reverses day-care plan.
State run home.
State run tutoring program for men in jail and on parole.
State runs credit checks.
State runs the repository in Utah.
State says latest tests are more rigorous.
State says no substitutions by the community colleges.
State says Toms River water supply is OK now, but studies continue.
State seek waivers from federal requirements that restrict service coordination.
State seeks honoree nominations for service to the elderly.
State seem to be eaten up by federal govlt and bureaucracy.
State sees biotech boom as best bet for the economy .
State settles environmental lawsuit against Minnesota company.
State shows the environmental websites sorted by state.
State slashes snow-crab quota.
State specifies the state of the control.
State statutes A basic requirement and component of a district educator evaluation system.
State submits a report on the procedures for collecting institutional information.
State sues to prevent non-profit conversion.
State supports the interagency export promotion team at overseas missions.
State supports three distinct networks.
State supports U.S. investors through negotiation and monitoring of investment agreements.
State takes action to withdraw from it.
State takes one and give it to someone else.
State takes one and gives it to someone else.
State takes over Hartford schools.
State taxing agency to have access to confidential information of other state taxing agencies.
State terminates seismic retrofit contracts.
State turns down Pakistani men's complaint .
State uses for communication in the natural world.
State vary on the type of homestudy that is required.
State vary when it comes to guidelines.
State voting laws differ.
State wants answers on sewer project.
State wants everyone to use touch-tone response to register.
State wants to control.
State waters biological significance.
State wetlands programs can perform similar functions.
State where published is given using U.S. postal abbreviation.
State witholds new grant over lingering questions about old ones.
States abide by treaties only as long as it is in their interest to do so.
States absorb technological development and upgrades from operating costs.
States accept the sovereign authority of other states to establish their own tax laws.
States accuse record labels of price fixing .
States add questions that they have designed or acquired.
States add value to private-sector offerings and resell services to state agencies.
States adopting such terminology include New Jersey, Arizona, and Indiana.
States affect activity patterns.
States affect patterns.
States affect properties.
States affect rules.
States alarmed by the growth of Internet gambling want to outlaw it.
States allocate the dollars to local agencies, many of which are faith-based.
States allow an official to ask for proof when a registrant's eligibility is challenged.
States already consult with tribes over fish management.
States already give victims rights .
States already have a myriad of privacy laws and regulations dealing with patient records.
States already have plans for mandatory reductions.
States already have the ability to offer in-home alternatives to institutions.
States already have the right and ability to disarm criminals, for felonies or misdemeanors.
States also administer in-hospital, voluntary paternity programs to comply with federal legislation.
States also can have laws against counterfeit currency.
States also can increase federal funding by working for formula changes.
States also can pursue out-of court monetary settlements, thus reducing costs.
States also can set different standards for different programs.
States also can set varied payment rates for public and private providers.
States also can use federal funds to pay the debt service on highway construction bonds.
States also can use funds from state infrastructure banks.
States also change their political flavor.
States also contribute their own funds and then administer the funds through ADAPs.
States also differ as to sanctions imposed for accumulated strikes.
States also differ in terms of how they define a family.
States also differ in the balance between State control and local control.
States also differ in the extent that actual assessment practice conforms to the legal standard.
States also differ on the standards of proof required to receive such benefits.
States also differ on what level of authority they have to enforce existing laws.
States also do extensive testing of their own, using a variety of assessments that vary in quality.
States also do shoddy recordkeeping when it comes to dropout and graduation rates.
States also execute innocent people.
States also finance new technology in state universities and technology development programs.
States also get a vote for each congressional district and the District of Columbia has three.
States also have a number of sources for supplementing the funding.
States also have a role in setting levels of funding.
States also have an important role in guaranteeing equality of access.
States also have child pornography statutes and the age of the minority varies by state.
States also have complete flexibility to determine eligibility and benefit levels.
States also have flexibility in the way they provide services.
States also have jurisdiction over burning and burying containers on private property.
States also have occupational health and safety laws and agencies.
States also have options that can simplify the process for enrolling farmworker children.
States also have options which can simplify the process for enrolling farmworker children.
States also have programs to monitor and enforce state liquor laws.
States also have registration requirements in the absence of applicable exemptions.
States also have the option of developing their own ranking process to address particular concerns.
States also have the option of paying supplements.
States also have the option to impose shorter time limits.
States also have the right to create standards.
States also have their own antidiscrimination offices.
States also have their own laws regarding rent control and property maintenance, though.
States also have two Senators.
States also hold championships in one or more of the major types of competition.
States also impose inheritance tax.
States also lack uniformity in training regulations.
States also limit renovation to a specified number of years.
States also monitor food samples for pesticide residues.
States also operate many of their own, non-delegated environmental programs.
States also pay for the bulk of regulation.
States also place a premium on standardization so that schools can be compared to each other.
States also provide a richer graphical experience.
States also provide a variety of assistance to watershed groups.
States also publish their laws by date of enactment and by subject.
States also regulate debt collection through statute.
States also regulate the collection of reptiles from the wild and their subsequent use.
States also regulate the level of profits that utilities can make.
States also report a new record percentage of parents on welfare who are working.
States also report differences in how the scores for students with disabilities are used.
States also require individuals who teach in public schools to be licensed.
States also require various periods of residency before voting is permitted.
States also serve as a check on national power as coequal partners in the federal system.
States also share responsibility for issuing and enforcing air pollution permits .
States also stand to lose considerable revenue from an estate tax repeal.
States also stand to lose considerable revenues from the estate tax repeal.
States also test selectively, according to circumstances.
States also transfer arms to influence the recipient's policies.
States also use CCDF funds for consumer education and resource and referral initiatives.
States also use standardized tests in different ways to judge the performance of school districts.
States also vary greatly in their rates of growth.
States also vary in degree of access of medical records for patients and their families.
States also vary in how well they disseminate their warnings.
States also vary in their approaches to providing assistance.
States ante up.
States appear and disappear.
States apply for funds on behalf of local private non-profit agencies and certain public bodies.
States approach RAPs in differing ways.
States approaches to exemptions for immunization requirements vary.
States are actually in the process of returning a lot of sales tax revenue.
States are all over the map when it comes to technology standards for students.
States are also a great source for financing of school and hospital efficiency retrofits.
States are also at various stages of the process.
States are also critical to planning the recovery of species.
States are also free to pass stronger legislation.
States are also increasingly active.
States are also instrumental in establishment of advisory boards and their operation.
States are also major financers of long-term care.
States are always free to provide more information if they so desire.
States are as the men, they grow out of human characters.
States are ask to obtain samples from farm tankers for testing prior to unloading.
States are at a crossroads.
States are at normal temperature and pressure.
States are at the heart of most revolutionary ideas and initiatives that improve peoples' lives.
States are attributes.
States are automatic applicants.
States are better but the wisest, best government is local.
States are both encouraging and rewarding excellence in teaching.
States are case-sensitive.
States are caused by excessive intake.
States are caused by excessive water intake.
States are caused by intake.
States are caused by water intake.
States are child's play.
States are clearly among the winners under the Health Security Act.
States are committed to the state-federal partnership in environmental protection.
States are dependent on each other to make sure the files are updated and accurate.
States are double points.
States are eager to experiment with vouchers.
States are eligible for grants each fiscal year.
States are eligible for grants.
States are emotional states.
States are extremely important in safeguarding the non-proliferation regime.
States are far from reaching all the children eligible for support.
States are free to adopt their own program.
States are free to develop their own program initiatives and materials.
States are free to develop their own standards.
States are free to enact more stringent consumer standards.
States are free to go beyond it in protecting individual rights.
States are free to make jury trials available for such actions, but few have.
States are free to pool their resources to obtain actuarial services.
States are free to regulate or even ban abortion after fetal viability.
States are free to set eligibility standards as they see fit for benefits or services.
States are free to set higher requirements.
States are free to set their own passing scores.
States are free to use other methods for performing inspections.
States are fully responsible for determining the use of their funds.
States are gangbusters on citizen access to legislation, however.
States are government.
States are hierachical.
States are historical anachronisms.
States are hungry for the professional development funds and the grant money.
States are important consumers of goods and services.
States are in a maintenance mode, while tribes are in a development mode.
States are in a unique position to spearhead regulatory reform.
States are in alphabetical order by their two letter postal abbreviation.
States are in charge of developing and administering the programs on local levels.
States are in the best position to evaluate their own needs.
States are in the process of reforming our quill pen laws.
States are in various stages of the planning process.
States are increasingly independent.
States are increasingly more aggressive in their solicitation reporting requirements.
States are just imaginary lines on a map.
States are key intermediaries in the education system.
States are key partners in the program.
States are laboratories for legal innovation.
States are largely ephemeral, and are only differentiated in a few minor local policies.
States are likely to be able to realize more benefits from their automated systems in future years.
States are located in countries.
States are made of counties.
States are natural entities, and like other natural objects they have a goal or end.
States are near prioritizing items.
States are nimble.
States are no longer the actors they used to be.
States are no more active than the federal government.
States are notorious for failing to keep interstate child-support records straight.
States are notoriously imperfect even at the national level.
States are now on notice that the tax systems are too complex.
States are now responsible for providing the training to their employees.
States are often the ones which take the initiative for major reform efforts.
States are on shaky legal ground if they try to push through high stakes exit exams too quickly.
States are on the forefront of addressing nonpoint water quality issues.
States are organized like the federal government, with three branches of government.
States are organized like the federal government, with three government branches.
States are political subdivisions, put in place by human beings.
States are presently awash in money.
States are purely states of position.
States are responsible for approving programs as meeting federal requirements.
States are responsible for delivering a broad array of transportation services.
States are responsible for developing programs that best meet their unique priority needs.
States are responsible for distributing funds to applicants.
States are responsible for enacting standards governing the transaction of insurance.
States are responsible for ensuring ethnic and cultural diversity in their program delivery.
States are responsible for locating or assisting in locating adult-supervised settings for teens.
States are responsible for reviewing, establishing, and revising water quality standards.
States are responsible for the certification of the public and private laboratories in their State.
States are responsible to provide resources for and to build an infrastructure.
States are responsible.
States are rounded rectangles.
States are ruthless in their harrying of individual privacy.
States are seriously concerned about the proposed change.
States are shaded to highlight the greatest easement activity.
States are shaded to highlight where the most acres have been conserved.
States are solely responsible for aquisition of the necessary land.
States are solid in their position to regulate their own public health and safety policy.
States are some kind of unanalyzed primitives.
States are sovereign.
States are still in the process of developing their plans for the demonstration.
States are temporary experiences, which come and go.
States are the change agents with regard to public financing of health care dollars.
States are the characteristics and soul of a confederation.
States are the characteristics and the soul of a confederation.
States are the characteristics, and the soul of a confederation.
States are the core of the society and associate together because of shared values and interests.
States are the great laboratories of democracy.
States are the largest purchaser of health care in every regional market.
States are the natural condition of human society.
States are the primary governmental divisions of the United States.
States are the primary subjects of international law.
States are the principal focus for the education of students, the work force and the general public.
States are the principal organizations constituted by the people.
States are the protectors of civil rights.
States are the stages which a 'document' flows through during a process.
States are to be financially rewarded when they cooperate.
States are to be full partners in the planning, decision-making and implementation of the plan.
States are to have a majority in the first instance and the means of perpetuating it.
States are to pay their bills with precious metal coins.
States are to promote the prevention of overfishing and reduction of excess fishing capacity.
States are to spill their blood.
States are to supply money.
States are to use the federal funds to provide post-adoption services to children and families.
States are too large, too distant from the focus of local needs.
States are too small to handle the big conflicts and problems and too big to handle the small ones.
States are variables such as fatigue, hunger, etc.
States are very responsive to victims.
States are weak.
States are well aware of the problem.
States are where the action is today in government.
States are worried about unfunded federal mandates.
States assist communities through education and training programs.
States assume responsibility for their administration and enforcement.
States attorneys State agencies.
States bear arms, enter into treaties and alliances and so on.
States bear substantial responsibility for long-term care.
States become bankrupt financially because they are already bankrupt ideologically and politically.
States become building blocks for creating and refining motions.
States become code memory addresses.
States begin implementing measures to discourage frivolous protests.
States begin sanctioning same-sex marriage.
States begin to mature politically as colonial powers.
States bordering Vermont have significantly higher corporate tax rates.
States bottoming out the list include Idaho and South Carolina.
States calibrate the balance between tax cuts and public investment in different ways.
States can accept the court's jurisdiction in several different ways.
States can acquire human capital educated elsewhere through migration.
States can add or subtract and when that happens, there's no true reciprocity.
States can add other categories.
States can add questions of special local interest.
States can adopt the entire rule or portions of it.
States can allow counties to administer programs.
States can also adopt other initiatives that address their local issues.
States can also allow families substantial leeway in their choice of child care provider.
States can also assist families outside of the traditional welfare system.
States can also create new assistance programs with no lifetime limit.
States can also encourage fathers to be involved by enhancing access and visitation programs.
States can also guarantee individual coverage without sweeping reform.
States can also help calibrate monitoring stations.
States can also impose penalties on plans for failing to meet quality measures.
States can also intervene in child support cases in a number of other means.
States can also limit number or plans or managers.
States can also monitor their own progress over time in the selected subject areas.
States can also reduce or eliminate the use of prescribed fire in non-attainment areas.
States can also tame the wide gyrations of wayward markets.
States can also tap into a federal revolving loan fund.
States can also use segregated state funds.
States can also use the local survey to collect the secondary outcome measures.
States can also utilize millions of federal dollars to take actions to protect source waters.
States can also work together to address conditions and issues that cross their boundaries.
States can alter the content and form of the reporting requirements.
States can amend state plans quarterly, retroactive to the first day of each quarter.
States can and do go beyond official requirements.
States can and do plan, build and maintain interstate transportation corridor systems.
States can and frequently do raise taxes.
States can and often do regulate more stringently to account for local concerns.
States can apply for a waiver for the entire county in such cases.
States can apply for federal grants to support their attempts to serve homeless youth.
States can assume various degrees of responsibility for site cleanups.
States can be geographical areas, physiological states or behavioural status.
States can be initial or final.
States can be more aggressive in exploring foreign markets.
States can be more restrictive than the allowable framework, but never more liberal.
States can begin by setting high standards for teachers' skills in technology.
States can benchmark their performance with other states or with the nation as a whole.
States can best determine the appropriate sanction for failure to file the required report.
States can better serve the local communities without local interference.
States can carry over from a year unspent funds for a limited time period.
States can change their programs during the year simply by amending their State plans.
States can choose one or all of the project's three training modules.
States can choose that.
States can choose to add to or change minimum notification requirements.
States can choose to base funding on one of three years.
States can choose to use sampling.
States can choose whether to participate in regional groups addressing regional haze or work alone.
States can choose whether to participate in the program.
States can combine flexible funding sources to offer services to low-income fathers.
States can consumer-directed service preference that includes contract with public or systems.
States can control the costs of actuarial studies with careful planning.
States can delegate some or all of the implementation tasks to local entities.
States can deny cash benefits to unwed teen mothers.
States can deny children jury trials.
States can disregard all income and resources if they choose to do so.
States can diversify across industries and across foreign countries.
States can do that if they know what it is and how little it costs.
States can draft and ratify agreements.
States can earn more grant funds by meeting additional goals.
States can enact laws to expand patients' legal remedies.
States can enter into cooperative agreements with tribes.
States can establish different frameworks of co-operation.
States can exempt from the work requirement single parents with children under age one.
States can expand coverage for poor elderly.
States can expand eligibility and services for pregnant women and their infants.
States can experiment, and good ideas can spread.
States can find out what is happening in other states.
States can focus on average test scores of students as Mississippi does.
States can give parties the right to require pledges from Electors.
States can handle enforcement, training and consultation.
States can have different eligibility requirements and award amounts.
States can have multiple purposes for developing a statewide assessment system.
States can identify major cases of fraud and abuse.
States can impose minimum insurance requirements on rental companies.
States can impose shorter time limit.
States can improve their capabilities by reinvigorating their institutions.
States can include additional performance indicators in their state plans as well.
States can increase the minimum amount.
States can increase their donations at any time if the motivation is there.
States can learn from one another's experiences.
States can make it work and see it succeed .
States can move lots of money out of the program.
States can negotiate and enter into treaties with other states.
States can no longer afford to simply focus on their own domestic markets.
States can no longer just collide or cooperate at the boundaries of their sovereignties.
States can now design their own welfare programs within federal guidelines.
States can offer the information through a toll-free phone number, fliers or the media.
States can only grant privileges.
States can opt out of the law if legislatures restore state laws on civil liability for volunteers.
States can play at least three important roles in improving metropolitan areas.
States can prevent payday loans through small loan and usury laws.
States can provide assistance in the form of cash, or focus on services.
States can provide better solutions by implementing planning before rail lines are abandoned.
States can raise issues for discussion.
States can readily address urgent and emerging health issues.
States can realize large financial benefits by privatizing their liquor distribution system.
States can receive interest-bearing loans from federal funds if their account reserves are depleted.
States can recognize Indian tribes according to the state's own definition.
States can redirect spending from institutions to community services.
States can refuse to fund unnecessary, non-therapeutic abortions.
States can regulate credit card rates, and rates do vary from state to state.
States can regulate every aspect of the insurance industry.
States can regulate health plans.
States can regulate insurance carriers or HMOs.
States can respond more rapidly to new federal laws.
States can retain and concentrate resources on other laboratory regulatory issues.
States can run inefficient programs and still make a profit.
States can select Electors by Congressional district, or any other way they choose.
States can set a higher ceiling.
States can set a minimum wage higher than the federal minimum wage.
States can set a stricter lifetime limit if they so choose.
States can set eligibility limits on assets and earned and unearned income.
States can set eligibility requirements.
States can set stricter requirements.
States can set tougher penalties for violations by clients, even violations in other programs.
States can set up something called a hardship waiver for special situations.
States can show the tests every year and measure progress each year.
States can spend more time assessing environmental conditions, problems and solutions.
States can spend state money for families that reach the federal time limit.
States can split.
States can still demand paper forms on such matters as public health and safety.
States can still fund legal immigrants if they choose to.
States can still make it easy for voters to get absentee ballots.
States can still pass new laws governing costs of reports for consumers.
States can stop squandering their settlement victory.
States CAN stop the time limit.
States can submit amendments to their plans at any time.
States can support and coordinate effective seat belt and child safety seat public education.
States can support emerging green power markets with appropriate policies.
States can suspend drivers' licenses.
States can t deal with Indian people without advisement from the federal government.
States can take all or part of their subsidies in cash, rather than commodity foods.
States can take pride in elevating human rights to an integral part of foreign policy.
States can take sensible steps to prevent crowd-out.
States can then deny licenses to delinquents until they pay up.
States can then take away the benefits if they fail to live up to that commitment.
States can then use federal funds to support locally-designed, comprehensive school improvements.
States can undertake new economic analyses to maximize the bases for such waivers.
States can use data they already collect to determine standards for themselves.
States can use design-build contracting, saving time and money where such approaches are warranted.
States can use experience of the business to vary contributions from the standard rate.
States can use food stamp benefits to support their clients' wages.
States can use formula grants to meet the specific needs of their particular end-use energy sectors.
States can use the figures to redraw federal, state and local legislative districts.
States can use the funds for conservation easements and other conservation programs.
States can use the tool to evaluate and improve their Title XXI programs.
States can vary widely on registration requirements.
States can, and do, change their laws regarding privacy all the time.
States can, and do, stand apart from the citizenry.
States can, and do, use their purchasing power to demand improvements from the health care system.
States can, and often do, enact laws that shorten the exclusion periods insurers can provide.
States carefully track the number of complaints filed against a company each year.
States carry on wars against other states and wage peace, so to speak, against their subjects.
States carry out most of the enforcement powers under the federal standards.
States certify water testing laboratories.
States change only with the addition or removal of lines on the plate.
States change states.
States charge royalties.
States choose objectives for which they have data.
States choose wars if benefits exceed costs.
States claim by occupation and seek out treaties with other states to recognize the annexations.
States claim it for their peculiar objects.
States Click on a state to view pre-qualification, fee, and time estimate information.
States collect less important levies such as sales tax and motor-vehicle tax.
States collect safety data inconsistently.
States collect the data annually from their local education agencies.
States come into being on the basis of the exercise of self-determination by their peoples.
States come, go or change, but cultures endure.
States commonly use two types of selective contracting.
States compete actively to encourage potential employers to locate within the jurisdiction.
States concise facts about each squadron.
States conduct programs and host annual conventions.
States considering merit scholarships are Idaho, West Virginia and Hawaii.
States consistently report metals as a major cause of impairment to lakes.
States continually review the quality of their data processing.
States continue aggressively to pursue sales tax revenue.
States continue efforts to fight tax evasion schemes.
States continue to be required to make reasonable efforts to preserve and reunify families.
States continue to develop financing schemes beneficial to the public sector.
States continue to downsize and close large public facilities.
States continue to have difficulty meeting their subgrantees technical assistance needs.
States continue to have flexibility to choose solutions appropriate to their landscape problems.
States contribute to variation.
States cooperate with each other in establishing and enforcing child support orders.
States cooperate with each other to establish and collect child support.
States covered include California, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Texas.
States currently affected are New Mexico, Arizona, and Colorado.
States currently involved include Missouri, Iowa, Nebraska and North Dakota.
States currently lack the legal power to collect sales taxes on interstate Internet transactions.
States currently mention family involvement in certification requirements only in general terms.
States currently recheck eyesight on a regular basis.
States currently require school children to be immunized against tetanus.
States customarily enforce provisions of the federal Endangered Species Act on private lands.
States deal best with issues that are uniquely local, such as education, crime and job training.
States deal with districts.
States deal with emergency post-stabilization care differently.
States decide benefits.
States decide eligibility thereafter.
States decide how they're chosen, but usually they are loyalists chosen by their parties.
States decide their gambling policies for themselves.
States define and collect dropout data in different ways, making comparisons difficult.
States define who is needy.
States depend on conditions.
States depend on environmental conditions.
States depend on water.
States descend into utter chaos in stages.
States deserve the flexibility to expend tobacco recoupment dollars as they see fit.
States design the instrument that is used to collect data.
States design the tests.
States design their own programs within broad federal guidelines.
States design their own programs within federal guidelines.
States design their program within federal requirements through state plans or waiver requests.
States designate one or more beneficial uses for each water body or stream segment.
States determine eligibility and benefit levels based on federal law.
States determine eligibility and benefit levels.
States determine eligibility.
States determine further specificity of the law.
States determine futher specificity of the law.
States determine the credential that is going to be awarded.
States determine the sub-State services and activities to be funded.
States determine the uses supported by each of their waters.
States determine which drugs to include on their formularies.
States determine which services are covered and are partially reimbursed by the federal government.
States develop and implement standards.
States develop challenging standards and assessments for all students in the core academic subjects.
States develop classification systems independently.
States develop criteria for identifying children with disabilities.
States develop curriculum and assessment designed to strengthen cognitive skills.
States develop the TMDLs to decide how to clean up their polluted waters.
States develop their own programs and funding priorities.
States differ considerably in their political structure.
States differ in the amount they charge to attend their public colleges.
States differ in the way farmers are reimbursed for coupons they receive.
States differ in their approach.
States differ in their propensities for motorcycle fatalities.
States differ in their requirements.
States differ in their sedation regulations for team members.
States differ in their treatment of a lack of knowledge of coverage as a justifiably delay.
States differ in what they classify as a status offense.
States differ markedly in the degree of freedom they grant their local units.
States differ on the amount of licensing required.
States differ on the application of contributory negligence.
States differ on their procedures for making such arrangements.
States differ on whether the right of publicity extends to individuals who are no longer living.
States differ significantly in the degree to which their residents are online.
States differ widely on what types of advance directives they officially recognize.
States differ, for example, in their operational goals.
States differ, however, as to how long they maintain records on repeat offenses.
States disagree with each other on many subjects and conflicts arise often.
States do cooperate a great deal, as for instance in framing the rules of trade.
States do even more .
States do have some flexibility to address the issue.
States do have some leeway with minorities, however.
States do more than just pass budgets with taxing and spending policies.
States do provide protections for persons who have difficulty paying their rent.
States do so as well.
States do the same directly.
States do, however, have various requirements for parents who homeschool children.
States draw down benefit funding as needed.
States draw funds as needed under the electronic transfer system.
States draw on a variety of sources to pay for technology other than their general funds.
States edit and correct completed interviews each month.
States elect whether to participate and how to allocate funds.
States employ a variety of methods to conduct leases, such as competitive bidding and auctions.
States employ actuaries to prepare such analyses.
States enact laws to protect their cemeteries.
States enact their own safety, fire prevention and building codes.
States enjoy the residual of government power.
States enlist youth volunteers to conduct the undercover compliance checks.
States enter into compacts and agreements with other states.
States establish alliances and qualify health plans.
States establish their own standards.
States expect quality care, but providers often lack the financial support and regulatory guidance.
States face a similar problem with payment rates to physicians.
States face a wide range of issues in designing their new plans.
States face new pressure on petrol excise.
States face similar problems.
States fall under no authority, except their own, unless they agree to some limits.
States fear being stuck with higher costs.
States follow similar steps.
States follow such a practice out of a sense of legal obligation.
States fund local governments through a competitive process or on a formula basis.
States further define national priorities by identifying problems and resource needs.
States gaining one seat are California, Colorado, Nevada and North Carolina.
States generally have their own systems for environmental cleanup programs.
States generally perform the disability determination functions for the federal government.
States generally require permits to haze ungulates with dogs.
States generally use treaties to create international law.
States generally view jurisdiction in criminal matters in a different light than civil.
States give vouchers to parents to be used for care of their choice.
States go about redistricting differently.
States go to war to expand their power base.
States grant licenses to teachers who graduate from approved preparation programs.
States grow plants.
States grow tiny sea plants.
States handle elections.
States handle enforcement.
States handle structures well.
States harboring terrorists can legally hand out chemical agents.
States hate collecting taxes directly, so they delegate the task to businesses.
States have a bigger stake in local outcomes.
States have a compelling interest in the practice of professions within their boundaries.
States have a critical role in issues ranging from education to health to employment.
States have a duty to cooperate in the management of the global commons.
States have a duty to ensure certain minimum standards of detention.
States have a financial incentive to encourage women on welfare to attend college.
States have a good deal of leeway in determining eligibility.
States have a high level of flexibility to design their programs.
States have a key role in addressing the growing public concern for more livable communities.
States have a legitimate interest in making obscenity illegal.
States have a more compelling reason to invest in higher education.
States have a number of options regarding kindergarten.
States have a primary responsibility in protecting the health and safety of their citizens.
States have a schedule of increasingly complex tasks to fulfil, as explored elsewhere .
States have a wide range of laws regarding fossil and mineral collecting.
States have activities.
States have an important role in protecting the health of their own populations.
States have an important role to play and they have a real opportunity for accomplishment.
States have an interest in collecting excise and sales taxes.
States have an obligation to respect, protect, promote and fulfil women's enjoyment of human rights.
States have antitrust laws, too.
States have appearances.
States have areas.
States have as many electoral college votes as they have congressional delegates.
States have as many electors as their combined number of congressmen and senators.
States have at least indirect control over anything they can tax.
States have broad authority to set priorities, allocate funds, and deliver services.
States have broad discretion in imposing criminal penalties and punitive damages.
States have broad flexibility in structuring exemptions.
States have broad powers to limit jury awards.
States have broad powers to regulate the import and export of species.
States have child labor laws as well.
States have complete discretion to disqualify employees who quit work without sufficient cause.
States have complete flexibility in defining amount, duration and scope of services.
States have concerns about the economic value of natural landscapes and of productive farmland.
States have considerable flexibility in determining appropriate administrative arrangements.
States have considerable flexibility to use the funds how they choose.
States have county government.
States have databases.
States have death penalties.
States have different approaches to setting and applying their minimum wage laws.
States have different laws for patients requesting their own records.
States have different laws regarding the use and disclosure of used materials in mattresses.
States have different laws requiring seat belt use.
States have different names for the office, but the role is the same.
States have different policies regarding such roadside shrines.
States have different policies that affect adolescent access to substance abuse treatment services.
States have different procedures by which they prosecute individuals accused of committing crimes.
States have different requirements for handling funds paid for prearranged funeral services.
States have different requirements for handling funds used for prearranged funeral services.
States have different requirements regarding liability releases.
States have different rules regarding adoption by homosexuals or same sex couples.
States have different sales tax rates.
States have different tests for deciding whether someone has capacity to make decisions.
States have differing laws and rules concerning claim filing.
States have differing laws regarding drug tests.
States have difficulty in supplying morbidity data to localities.
States have distinct climates, industries and populations.
States have distinctive properties.
States have education requirements.
States have either contributory negligence or comparative negligence.
States have energy wind power.
States have exceptions.
States have first go at prosecution.
States have five days to respond to an interstate request for enforcement and maintain records.
States have five years to adapt the law before their funding gets cut.
States have flexibility in determining how to reduce emissions.
States have flexibility in how they design and operate the access and visitation projects.
States have flexibility in responding to their own constituents' preferences.
States have flexibility on how services are provided to children.
States have flexibility on whom to cover and what benefits to provide.
States have flexibility to use SSBG to address specific gaps in services and needs.
States have for the most part been generous in the support services and payments provided.
States have formal education requirements.
States have formal requirements.
States have full authority to determine their needs and priorities and submit projects accordingly.
States have government.
States have laws that govern HAs.
States have leeway to customize rules.
States have legislative powers which can be used to undercut national arrangements.
States have lemon laws and consumer legislation that can help some victims.
States have length limits.
States have licensing bodies.
States have limitations.
States have limits.
States have little room to prepare employees for their specific markets.
States have many choices for designing the package of benefits offered to children.
States have mass.
States have maximum flexibility to decide how to achieve the required reductions.
States have maximums for GVWs, GCWs and axle weights.
States have militaries, states have gulag systems, and states have legitimating ideologies.
States have more and better prepared fact sheets available.
States have more authority to develop their own customer service and administrative procedures.
States have more economic decision-making power than ever before.
States have more money than they can spend.
States have nine months to make decisions.
States have no authority to register federally registered advisers.
States have no authority to regulate bingo on Indian lands.
States have no power to impose long distance charges.
States have no principles but democratic states are responsive to the wishes of their citizens.
States have no tools or rules to protect themselves.
States have only a tiny bit left over to use for in- home services.
States have options as to how they define categorically needy.
States have other ways of funding PDR as well.
States have our instincts without our human restraints, however.
States have own rules.
States have parallel fill and removal laws.
States have parks.
States have penalties.
States have places.
States have plenty of flexibility to design an inspection and repair program that fits their needs.
States have policy.
States have political leaders.
States have populations.
States have power.
States have powers, but important powers go to national government.
States have powers.
States have primary responsibility for regulating the health and safety of their citizens.
States have properties.
States have regulations regarding the marketing of meat for human consumption.
States have requirements.
States have responsibilities to each other and to the international common good.
States have responsibility.
States have roles.
States have rules.
States have seats.
States have separate application procedures but requirements are quite similar.
States have several options for providing such coverage.
States have several options to provide health insurance to adults who are uninsured.
States have several options.
States have shapes.
States have similar laws and similar requirements.
States have similar laws.
States have special forms for the sale of a vessel.
States have special-education laws, also funded at inadequate levels.
States have specific rules regarding the treatment of petitions and signatures.
States have substantial power and discretion in overseeing nonprofit conversions.
States have sufficient taxing authority already.
States have surfaces.
States have tests.
States have the ability to legalize access to and possession of syringes.
States have the ability to pick the content and format of the assessments they utilize.
States have the authority and the flexibility to design programs which meet their individual needs.
States have the authority to individually establish income and medical eligibility criteria.
States have the discretion to determine how the vouchers are distributed and how much they're worth.
States have the discretion to restrict the lifetime cap on benefits to a shorter period of time.
States have the exclusive jurisdiction over street and domestic crime.
States have the flexibility to define waterbodies to best serve their management needs.
States have the flexibility to develop a variety of measures to improve air quality.
States have the flexibility to use SSBG to address specific gaps in services.
States have the longest tradition of supporting graduate education.
States have the money and flexibility to tackle the remaining challenges of welfare reform.
States have the opportunity to adjust errors in the payment of contributions.
States have the option of continuing cash payments or services with their block grant money.
States have the option of imposing civil monetary penalties for noncompliance.
States have the option of imposing stricter time limits.
States have the option of obtaining a sludge management program.
States have the option of offering minimal or no optional benefits.
States have the option of setting a shorter time limit.
States have the option to adopt an additional third mailing.
States have the option to compete on one, any number of, or none of the measures.
States have the option to convert state-owed arrearages to the custodial parent.
States have the option to expand the data set to meet state specific needs.
States have the option to implement a single-payer system.
States have the option to offer exemptions and extensions to state time limits.
States have the potential for running a smaller and more flexible system.
States have the power to make, collect, and spend their own taxes.
States have the power to regulate many forms of conduct.
States have the primary responsibility for education.
States have the responsibility to make optimal use of limited immunization resources.
States have the right and responsibility to manage their wildlife and plants.
States have the right to collect insurance or annuity proceeds from beneficiaries.
States have the right to require residents to pay taxes, whether they purchase in stores or online.
States have the right under the twenty-first amendment to restrict interstate shipments of alcohol.
States have their own bylaws, none of which can conflict with the national ones .
States have their own regulations affecting business resumption planning.
States have their own requirements for finding and claiming unclaimed property.
States have their own withholdings, unemployment insurance and workers compensation requirements.
States have three basic options for how to use their federal and state funds.
States have three core decisions to make when designing their efficiency funding programs.
States have three years to draw down funds for each federal fiscal year allotment.
States have three years to spend a given year's allotment.
States have three years to use each annual allotment.
States have time limits on filing motions for new trials on the basis of newly discovered evidence.
States have to abide by federal pricing guidelines.
States have to add additional legislation to introduce HPCs.
States have to apply to get into the program.
States have to be actively involved in order to protect society.
States have to determine how to teach that.
States have to enact new constitutions that grant voting rights to black men.
States have to have a reasonable plan to serve people in a timely way.
States have to make sure that every math and science teacher is qualified to do the job.
States have total authority to create, modify and abolish counties and municipalities.
States have trials.
States have two choices when deciding how to provide health insurance.
States have two opportunities to submit applications.
States have two options for matching rates.
States have two theories under which they can govern general partnerships.
States have two years to improve filtration in sub-par areas.
States have unequal power and thus some leave larger 'footprints' than others do.
States have until the day the law takes effect to let motorists opt to have their records released.
States have up to one year to update their initial published state counts.
States have varied rules regarding independent participation.
States have various options for aligning their income rules.
States have various qualification criteria for entering the fishery.
States have varying requirements for internships leading to licensure.
States have wide control over the availability of methadone.
States have wide flexibility to adjust their programs to account for such local differences.
States have, however.
States help companies.
States hold grant competitions and make subgrant awards.
States hold hundreds of billions of dollars in unspent tobacco settlement funds.
States hold subgrant competitions and make subgrant awards.
States however retain responsibility for costs associated with acquiring land and operational costs.
States impose an inheritance tax, an estate tax, or both.
States impose gas taxes to pay for highway projects and other needs.
States impose mercury emission reduction rules.
States impose rules.
States impose sales taxes when a sale takes place within their borders.
States impose unemployment taxes independent of the federal government.
States increasingly let people vote by mail or in advance, as a convenience.
States increasingly prefer the advantages of a refundable credit.
States increasingly rely on gambling for their state revenue.
States indeed do bargain hard for their own interests.
States indicate if a child is counted in more than one racial group.
States inform the public of all results of the assessment.
States interfere with the right of persons with disabilities to vote.
States intrinsically understand the value of growing their travel and tourism products.
States involved in the program are Washington, Alaska, Montana, Idaho, and, most recently, Wyoming.
States involved include Hawaii, Colorado, Texas, North Dakota, New Hampshire, and California.
States involved include Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota and Montana.
States is likely to use military force in the future.
States is responsive to our customers demand for panels constructed to exacting specifications.
States issue air emission permits to facilities.
States issue flood titles when a vehicle has been in a flood or has received extensive water damage.
States issue two kinds of real estate licenses.
States join voluntarily.
States judge expert witnesses before they testify.
States keep a profile on how many chiropractic adjustments it takes to correct different ailments.
States keep records, as do counties.
States know best.
States lack funding to help landowners.
States learn from each other.
States learn from sharing experiences with each other.
States lease certain parcels of public land for oil and gas exploration.
States legislating restructuring adjacent to Colorado include Arizona and New Mexico.
States levy a minimum tax on for-profit corporations even if no profits are made.
States listed in lowercase are final, with any close races settled.
States listed in uppercase still have close races pending.
States lobby to have federal prisons built within their boundaries.
States look to each others' experiences in grappling with social issues.
States look to employers to make up differences through additional payroll taxes.
States look to health provider taxes to fund growing health care costs.
States lose money on the deal because the supply companies are expensive.
States lose money when something is bought online instead of in a traditional store.
States losing one seat include Ohio, Connecticut, Wisconsin, Oklahoma and Mississippi.
States maintain a great deal of responsibility over the regulation of healthcare providers.
States maintain control of local process.
States make final decisions on whether projects are eligible for funding.
States make rules about which vaccines are required to enter school.
States make subawards to local agencies.
States make the decisions whether to provide coverage and which drugs to cover.
States make the practice and manifest the opinio juris that build customary law.
States make treaties.
States manage as long-term trustees for the benefit of schools.
States manage uses through their planning and regulatory authority over a specific use or area.
States manipulate eligibility and benefit levels to try to get poor people to live somewhere else.
States marshal millions in their battle for the tourist dollar.
States mean different things when they reform their workforce development systems.
States meeting all three criteria today include Iraq and North Korea.
States move closer to reality.
States move to improve teacher pool.
States move to soften new testing standards.
States name towns to recognize borders.
States naturally demand a percentage of the revenues.
States need assistance.
States needing reductions begin implementing programs.
States normally have standard fines for particular violations, based on the type of offense.
States notify local participants of the amounts of their grants.
States now assume primary responsibility for ensuring that the welfare system works.
States now can consolidate a variety of individual grants into one.
States now depend on the common law to resolve disputes over lease contracts.
States now have broad discretion over welfare programs in their individual States.
States now have broad flexibility in how they spend welfare dollars.
States now have laws allowing individuals to carry concealed handguns.
States now have one year to develop their new strategies.
States now have reciprocal agreements.
States now have similar statutes requiring the reporting of elder abuse.
States now set their own curricula.
States object to the mandate that standards be set for the quality of care in nursing homes.
States occur at low temperature.
States occur at temperature.
States offer representations.
States offer services.
States ought to be able to focus on the specific needs of their districts.
States ought to distinguish grid from greed.
States ought to establish voting hours that are the most convenient for their voters.
States ought to handle it.
States ought to retain that jurisdiction.
States own offshore resources between the coast line and three miles as well as other areas onshore.
States participating include Colorado, Idaho, Utah, Wyoming and.
States participating include Iowa, Kansas, Ohio, Oregon, Minnesota, Missouri, and South Carolina.
States pass funds on to local entities.
States pay administrative costs.
States pay providers for a number of slots, which are available to eligible children.
States pay the rest.
States permit a means to recover public monies spent improperly through a taxpayer action.
States play a critical role by establishing a framework for community action.
States play a key role in implementing the Clean Water Act.
States play a major role in meeting the demand for veterans' burial space.
States play a primary role in defining the possibilities and approaches of charter schools.
States play a very important role in the conservation of threatened and endangered species.
States play an important role in formulating policies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
States play important roles in both protecting public safety and improving healthcare systems.
States play key roles in both natural resource science and management.
States possess broad trustee, police powers and primacy over fish and wildlife within their borders.
States prepare plans for providing adult education services over a five-year period.
States preparing for trial include Washington, Arizona, Oklahoma and Massachusetts.
States presently regulate human use and interaction with animals through anti-cruelty statutes.
States prioritize mitigation programs-with input from the communities.
States protect the agriculture industry in order to keep their populations fed.
States provide additional support.
States provide an opportunity for the public to participate as they develop their lists.
States provide financing through a variety of instruments.
States provide opportunity.
States provide services.
States provide statements.
States provide sufficient professional development in assessment, including in classroom assessment.
States provide terrestrial tv services.
States provide too little help to too few families.
States provide, by statute or case law, the deadlines for filing lawsuits.
States providing information differ in the kinds of facts they offer.
States publish industry data at less detailed levels.
States punish spousal abuse and prostitution without giving privacy a second thought.
States pursue their interests with less scruple than individuals.
States quickly become addicted to the revenues generated by legalized gambling.
States rank the projects and then offer loans to systems based on their ranking order.
States re the highest in the developed country.
States react with more rules.
States receive a cash bonus if they decrease illegitimacy while keeping abortion rates steady.
States receive a large part of their funding from the federal government.
States receive an enhanced match for services provided in the presumptive period.
States receive annual capitalization grants once they meet program requirements.
States receive as many seats as they have priority numbers above the line.
States receive enhanced federal matching funds only for actual expenditures to insure children.
States receive enhanced funding if they have very low levels of overpayments and underpayments.
States receive funding based on formulas and distribute the funds to eligible projects.
States receive funds quarterly.
States receive rainfall.
States receive similar flexibility with their share of federal education aid.
States receive snow.
States receive the funds with few strings attached.
States receiving grants in turn compete the funds to eligible districts.
States recognise no higher authority other than themselves.
States recognize Colorado certification in some fashion determined by individual states.
States recognize governments.
States recover money from trusts.
States reduce emissions.
States reflect a blend of oversight, governing, and management structures.
States registering acreage increases include Colorado, Minnesota, Montana, and North Dakota.
States regularly exchange property and related information.
States regulate insurance prices and providers pay agents for distribution.
States regulate medical and other health care professionals through licensure.
States regulate most insurance laws, so the factors differ somewhat from one state to the next.
States regulate nursing practice through licensure.
States regulate retail rates.
States regulate solid waste and therefore control methane emissions from land fills.
States regulate state forests and certain aspects of agricultural policy.
States regulate the practice of homeopathy.
States regulate uptake.
States rely on federal funding and state dedicated revenues to fund transportation projects.
States rely on individual facilities to report in a timely manner.
States rely too heavily on managed care organizations to settle disputes.
States relying only on the pick-up tax are at risk if the tax is repealed at the federal level.
States remain in control of what work is done and how it is carried out.
States remain the predominant actors in the international political system.
States report failing septic systems as the third most common source of ground water contamination.
States report numbers of online customers are growing each year.
States report that an increasing proportion of students are served in regular classes.
States report that their ground water quality is good overall.
States report their test data with either great glee or great disdain, depending on the results.
States represent a situation that is stable for some time interval.
States represented include Louisiana, Illinois, Missouri,Mississippi,and Alabama.
States require a range of inspections and safety equipment.
States require all different kinds of licensing and accreditation.
States require attention.
States require contact lens education.
States require continue education.
States require counselors.
States require court supervision for the settlement of estates for a number of reasons.
States require education.
States require formal education.
States require genetic counselors.
States require judges.
States require milk to be tested for drug residues.
States require nurses to be licensed where they are providing care.
States require physicians.
States require public schools.
States require public secondary schools.
States require school counselors.
States require schools.
States require secondary schools.
States require that licensed caregivers keep records.
States retain the authority to regulate the business of insurance.
States return abandoned property for free.
States revise their licensing on an average of every four or five years.
States routinely promote transportation coordination as a part of planning and coordination efforts.
States say they think local control is superior to federal oversight.
States say to raise standards.
States scheduling early primaries hope to give their voters a stronger voice.
States screen all newborns for at least two disorders.
States see multilateral negotiations as a threat to their national sovereignty.
States seek clear authority to require and oversee response activities at federal facilities.
States seek to apply a simplified sales tax system to e-commerce.
States seek to suppress guerrilla forces.
States seek voc.
States select commodities for study.
States serve primarily as a register of record.
States set eligibility and coverage requirements following broad federal guidelines.
States set eligibility and coverage, following broad federal guidelines.
States set standards and certify teachers.
States share in a large portion of the revenues collected.
States share in the revenues and, in most cases, get half of most revenues.
States show differences in noncoverage rates.
States shrimp industry in danger.
States signing the treaties thus agree to apply the standards within their own territories.
States speak through their signs.
States specify which misdemeanors are serious enough for a jury trial.
States spend billions of dollars each year on tobacco-related problems.
States spend more money building newer roads than on fixing old ones.
States start local prevention service models.
States States Out of United States, go to next list below.
States step up efforts to find gas tax cheaters.
States step up State legislative activity on pharmacy assistance programs has picked up recently.
States still have rights to pass medical marijuana laws.
States strongly urge consumers to work only with registered contractors.
States struggle to ensure data make the grade.
States submit a five-year plan and annual updates are required each year.
States submit annual performance reports.
States submit annual plans for funding.
States submit proposals in response to annual program guidance provided to the States.
States suffering more than a billion dollars in damage include Florida, North Carolina and Oklahoma.
States supply various excuses for vagueness.
States support joint ventures.
States support the bills.
States support themselves by theft.
States surrounding Wisconsin impose surcharges on landfill waste.
States take a wide range of approaches and use an assortment of tools.
States take actions.
States take different approaches to the issue.
States take pride in obtaining federal approval of their programs.
States take the gun industry to court.
States Take the Lead.
States take their agreements seriously.
States teetering on the brink of the welfare rolls of international society include Haiti.
States tend to address distribution through politics.
States tend to be more freewheeling and willing to take on initiatives.
States tend to establish claims and foster inefficiencies that are unsustainable in the long run.
States tend to fund agricultural products that are native to their state.
States test the competency of professionals before issuing a certificate, to protect the public.
States then can decide whether they want to spend a portion of that money for local drug courts.
States then develop management programs to control nonpoint source pollution.
States then establish TMDLs for waterbodies on the list.
States then have to plead and struggle to get some of that revenue back.
States then make sub-allocations to school districts.
States then manage files and reimburse care providers, or issue checks directly to recipients.
States think in lockstep.
States tie teacher pay to their knowledge, skills, and their students' achievement.
States too get their due.
States treat nighttime intrusions as an aggravating circumstance.
States truly are the laboratories of experimentation.
States try to ban wine shipments to protect their own excise and sales tax base.
States try to deal with sex lures on the Internet.
States turn to managed care to improve access and control costs.
States typically apply legal rules and sanctions to regulate behaviour.
States typically fund single-purpose caregiver support programs with general revenues.
States typically keep about a third of a lottery's gross sales.
States ultimately do the dispersement.
States uniformly require jurors to understand spoken English.
States use a variety of means to divide their populations into various identity categories.
States use all known sources of producer names to ensure that the list is as complete as possible.
States use all known sources of producers to ensure that their lists are as complete as possible.
States use different models to carry out occupational regulation.
States use every available source of producer names to make their list as complete as possible.
States use funds to make awards to community-based organizations for service delivery.
States use lottery proceeds much the same way tribes use gaming proceeds.
States use PATH funds to provide training and technical assistance to local service providers.
States use similar terms for different concepts, and different terms to describe similar concepts.
States use State data sources predominantly with some Federal and private sector data.
States use the bonds to finance low income housing, economic development and educational programs.
States use the grants to support local alternative fuel vehicle and infrastructure initiatives.
States use the numbers to allocate seats in their legislatures.
States use the racial data to comply with the Voting Rights Act.
States use their share of the receipts for public schools and roads.
States using indexing are Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Florida, Kansas, Nebraska, and Wisconsin.
States vary a great deal in how they use indicators in the funding processes.
States vary as to licensing exams, with California, Tennessee, and Florida requiring state exams.
States vary as to where they are in implementation of their data tracking systems.
States vary considerably according to their economic condition and the cost of living.
States vary considerably as to how they treat such fees.
States vary considerably in the strictness of their wetlands laws.
States vary considerably in their activities.
States vary depending on the options they have elected.
States vary enormously in their per capita annual expenditures on long-term care.
States vary greatly in the availability of computerized systems for collecting and providing data.
States vary greatly in the mix of taxes, fees, and assessments used to fund public services.
States vary greatly in their approach to the church-state question.
States vary greatly in their opinions and interpretations of issues regarding international law.
States vary greatly in their preparation levels.
States vary in how they allocate funding responsibility between local governments and the state.
States vary in how they provide assistance.
States vary in licensing.
States vary in the amount of information that is online.
States vary in the frequency of new supervisor development conferences.
States vary in the length of time they hold the financial reports.
States vary in the organization of their regular education agencies.
States vary in the scores required.
States vary in the way orders are issued.
States vary in the way they govern, organize, fund, and administer their schools and districts.
States vary in their recognition of teacher salary costs.
States vary in their requirements and the responsibilities they grant for scope of nursing practice.
States vary in their specifics.
States vary in what they consider as aggravating factors.
States vary on how to sign chain-up areas.
States vary on the assumption aspect.
States vary on their course requirements prior to licensure.
States vary on their requirements.
States vary on what expenses are included in child support.
States vary on whether the manufacturer or the consumer chooses the remedy.
States vary regarding the number and types of diseases screened.
States vary so much.
States vary tremendously in expenditures of state funds for immunizations.
States vary widely in age structure and risk group composition.
States vary widely in terms of the pace of decision making and issues in restructuring.
States vary widely in their child care policies and funding levels.
States vary widely in their strategies.
States vary widely when it comes to rules about relocation.
States view cyberspace as the black hole of sales tax revenues.
States view money generated by Indian tribes through gaming as a potential tax revenue.
States voluntarily choose from several different options for operating the partnership.
States vow to help entrepreneurs but do little.
States wait on election reforms.
States wield power.
States wish to control their health care costs.
States wishing to help families move out of poverty have multiple ways to do so.
States working on legislation also have sights set on finger imaging.
States often amend the dollar divisions between different trial courts.
States often attempt to extend services beyond their institutional capacity, it argues.
States often authorize certain private repair shops and car dealers to make inspections.
States often choose to allocate funds for services to prevent or remedy abuse and neglect.
States often control the school system or at least the curriculum.
States often differ from how the nation and other states are performing.
States often grant the largest incentives to businesses locating in ex-urban areas.
States often have detailed statutes that govern the right of publicity.
States often Impose their own restrictions on the funds.
States often limit the number, dollar amount, or selection of services within a covered benefit.
States often link professional development requirements to relicensure of school leaders.
States often offer such information as well.
States often receive other hazardous materials planning and training grants from federal agencies.
States often use federal regulations as the core of their own safety and health programs.
States often use it for public education.
States often use specific regulations to manage waterfowl harvest and hunter numbers.
States sometimes add licensing requirements.
States sometimes have multiple report cards on schools.
States usually cap the benefit at two-thirds of the average statewide wage.
States usually describe the services paid for under the per diem in very general terms.
States usually fund local recipients on an annual cycle.
States usually have their own computer abuse laws with similar penalties.
States usually rely on a test of visual acuity because it is easier to examine.
States usually report school and districtwide test scores, as well as individual student scores.
States usually request more than double the amount of grant funds available each year.
States usually require candidates to pass a general teaching certification test.
All state hunting laws and regulations apply.
All state is provided by the server.
All state listings.
All state purchasing laws remain applicable.
All state stored in instances is stored in fields.
All State try out preparation.
All states accept out of state adoptions.
All states act in their own interests.
All states act to constrain states who subscribe to supranational organizing principles.
All states act to increase capabilities but negotiate rather than fight.
All states add shipping and handling charges.
All states adhere to a fiduciary rule.
All states agree on uniform definitions of what constitutes a taxable item.
All states agree that in paternity actions, the guidelines apply to prospective support.
All states agree that the expertise and workforce lies with the private sector.
All states ala.
All States allow a person to make decisions concerning their health care.
All states allow a plaintiff to seek punitive damages in addition to actual damages.
All states allow business owners to form their own LLC by filing articles of organization.
All states allow election-day registration.
All states allow homeschooling.
All States allow medical exemptions for immunization.
All states allow the general public to report abuse as well.
All States already have adequate legislation to protect conservation values on private land.
All states also have consumer protection laws that apply to ads and products sold in that state.
All States Am.
All states are abstractions.
All states are an instance of an object, but for clarity they can be named differently.
All states are available at the same price.
All States are available.
All States are Available.
All states are committed to boosting their efficiency and performance so that the public benefits.
All states are eligible to apply for a reading excellence grant.
All states are eligible to apply for state grants.
All States are eligible to apply.
All States are eligible to participate, no applications necessary.
All States are eligible to submit a State plan.
All states are eligible.
All states are equal, but some Reps are more accessible than others.
All states are initially non-accepting.
All states are mental states.
All states are now available.
All states are represented but Alaska, Hawaii, Idaho, Maine, Montana, North Dakota, and Wyoming.
All states are timed, i.e. execution time is advanced when a transition is made.
All states are up for grabs.
All states are varieties of a single organizational form, the sovereign state.
All states are vulnerable.
All states are welcome to participate.
All states ban coverage of conferences in court.
All states can also send costly signals that reveal their motivations and avoid misunderstanding.
All states can.
All states Choose a state.
All states collect property tax on a yearly basis.
All states confront the twin problems of economic production and security.
All states contain legislation allowing the transfer.
All states contain national, state city and local listings.
All States cover a minimum set of services including hospital, physician and nursing home services.
All states develop statewide aviation system plans and airport capital improvement plans.
All states disburse their authority to their board of regents.
All states do allow one-person corporations.
All states do have full details of the costs.
All states effectively ban hazing.
All states expect higher prices.
All states face more responsibilities with fewer financial resources.
All states fight rather than pass up an opportunity to increase their capabilities.
All states grant immunity from civil and criminal liability to persons who report.
All states have a banking department regulating the formation, operation, and location of banks.
All states have a college that offers agricultural degrees.
All states have a commissioner of insurance.
All states have a designated contact for health insurance related complaints .
All states have a governmental agency responsible for that state s non-migratory wildlife.
All states have a governmental agency responsible for that state's non-migratory wildlife.
All States have a land-grant college that offers agricultural science degrees.
All States have a land-grant college which offers agricultural science degrees.
All states have a public utilities commission, which regulate telcos.
All states have a similar route of appeal that lies outside the legal system.
All states have a small claims law and a court division to decide such disputes.
All states have a state flower.
All states have a waiting period before employees are entitled to receive benefits.
All states have additional properties with historic significance.
All states have adoption laws allowing the adopting parents to pay for medical, hospital, etc.
All states have age at marriage laws.
All states have airport capital improvement plans.
All states have an excise tax on cigarettes.
All States have at least one land-grant college which offers agricultural science degrees.
All states have at least one provider of early abortion services.
All States have beautiful white sandy beaches.
All states have changes hurried with the smngs Of chance and time, still riding to and fro.
All states have child labor laws and compulsory school attendance laws.
All states have Christian groups and most states also have groups which are open to all.
All States have comprehensive statewide programs of technology-related assistance.
All states have credentialing requirements.
All states have different laws, but there is a problem with some laws on abortion.
All States have different procedures for transferring property.
All states have either common law or statutory trust remedies.
All states have enabling legislation which allows for land use control at the local level.
All states have general statutes which limit the practice of law to licensed attorneys.
All states have general trial courts.
All states have guidelines for child support that are largely cut and dried.
All states have higher standards and more are requiring failing schools to turn around or shut down.
All states have immunization mandates for children entering school.
All states have insurance counseling programs which are partially funded by the federal government.
All states have involuntary or judicial commitment statutes.
All states have JOBS programs in place.
All States have laws allowing abused persons to obtain orders of protection in a civil proceeding.
All states have laws and rules regarding the operation of snowmobiles.
All states have laws governing the distribution of obscene materials.
All states have laws permitting the termination of parental rights of parents who are incarcerated.
All states have laws prohibiting domestic violence.
All states have laws regulating the practice of social work.
All states have laws restricting distribution of pornographic materials by adults to children.
All states have laws that address traffic safety.
All states have laws that prohibit activities that potentially harm citizens.
All states have laws that prohibit cruelty to horses and other animals.
All states have laws that require vaccination against rabies to protect both pets and their owners.
All states have laws that sustain the rights of employees with disabilities.
All states have legislation allowing the collection of DNA samples from convicted offenders.
All states have mandates that regulate daycare providers.
All states have mandatory child restraint laws.
All states have mechanisms to challenge tax bills, both informally and formally.
All states have official songs written to spotlight the unique characteristics of their state.
All states have ombudsman programs to handle complaints in nursing homes.
All states have parental child abuse and neglect laws.
All states have preschool programs for children with disabilities.
All states have problems with their elections.
All states have prohibitions against operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
All states have qualified and competent state officers.
All states have right to farm laws.
All states have rules and regulations, made by state administrative agencies.
All states have rural populations.
All states have SDCs.
All states have similar federal-state programs, but rates and provisions vary.
All states have slayer laws that prohibit killers from inheriting from their victims.
All states have some form of DNA testing requirements.
All states have some form of no-fault divorce.
All states have some kind of criteria or expectations for certification of their teachers.
All states have some laws that protect horses.
All states have some residency requirements as a condition for suffrage.
All states have some rules that regulate contingent fee arrangements.
All states have some special rules that apply only to bicycles, given their special features.
All states have some type of orientation for newly elected or appointed judges.
All states have specific statutes and regulations governing the practice of medicine and optometry.
All states have statutes on abuse.
All states have statutes or common law defining what constitutes informed consent.
All states have such laws.
All states have such licensing requirements.
All states have the resources or the taxing authority to address public education requirements.
All States have the right and responsibility to provide for their own defence.
All states have their own constitution.
All states have their own Operation Lifesaver program.
All states have their own Operation Lifesaver programs.
All states have two main defenses against the asset game .
All states have waiver programs for the elderly, but the services included vary by each state.
All states have weather, radar and tide information.
All states have web sites that list jobs with their agencies.
All states have workers' compensation laws.
All states have, or are covered by, a Regional library.
All states having point systems assess points for stop sign violations.
All states impose death taxes of some kind.
All states indicate support systems in place to assist teachers.
All states indicate that their efforts to develop standards are part of a systemic initiative.
All states involved in the DRC war are due to meet in Lusaka tomorrow.
All states maintain a general criminal statute designed to punish fraud.
All states now control and provide for the legal sale of alcohol.
All states now have at least their most recent opinions online.
All States now have distributing agencies, no applications necessary.
All states now have Election Web Pages.
All states now have laws making it illegal to sell or distribute tobacco to minors.
All states now have regulations on homeschooling.
All States now have some form of juvenile probation.
All states now have tax laws and prohibit the sale of cigars to minors.
All states now have their government pages online and current court opinions are usually included.
All states now offer some type of information through the Internet.
All states now permit such evidence.
All states now require seat belt use, except on buses.
All states offer a philosophical or religious exemption.
All states offer free pap smears through their departments of health.
All states offer some type of childcare subsidy program.
All states participate in two programs designed to meet the needs of a mobile workforce.
All states participate.
All states pass comprehensive, criminal abortion laws.
All states permit battering by parents.
All states permit burial of bodies, with a proper death certificate, on private land.
All states permit calculators.
All states permit exemption of children from vaccination for specific medical reasons.
All states permit some form of contracting with private firms.
All states permit unmarried individuals to adopt through both private-placement and agency adoption.
All states presently offer training and licensing programs in the aquatic pest control category.
All states prohibit child pornography.
All states prohibit rate discrimination.
All states prohibit the sale of tobacco products to minors.
All states provide at least a portion of their statutes and codes on the Web.
All states provide COLAs.
All states provide educational programming in the areas with varying emphasis.
All states provide exemptions for certain types of property.
All states provide for unlawful detainer hearings.
All States provide free onsite consultation.
All states provide low or no cost health insurance to children who are uninsured.
All states provide mechanisms for a qualification of foreign corporations.
All states provide reporting teachers with immunity.
All states provide some type of grant, scholarship, or tuition assistance programs.
All states provide the service for their residents.
All states publish free pest control recommendations.
All states receive adjusted redistricting counts.
All states receive funds for secondary and postsecondary education.
All states receive redistricting counts.
All states recognize powers of attorney, though laws differ in details.
All states report long waiting lists for services.
All states report outcome data, and most report input and process data.
All states reporting indicate strong support from the business sector.
All states represented in the matrices are at some stage of implementing a graduation exit exam.
All states require a background investigation of an adopted parent or parents.
All states require a white front headlight for night riding.
All states require aerospace engineers to be licensed.
All states require appraisers to be, at a minimum, state licensed or state certified.
All states require architects to be licensed.
All states require at least three years of practice in the field as a junior associate or draftsman.
All states require barbers and cosmetologists to be licensed.
All states require barbers, hairdressers, and cosmetologists to be licensed.
All states require chemical engineers to be licensed.
All states require clinical social workers to be licensed.
All states require commercial applicators to be recertified, generally every three to five years.
All states require completion of applications and testing requirements.
All states require cosmetologists to be licensed.
All states require dentists to be licensed.
All states require employers to pay a state unemployment insurance tax.
All states require EMTs to be certified.
All states require hairdressers and cosmetologists to be licensed.
All states require home improvement contractors to be licensed.
All states require hunter education and the wearing of orange during gun seasons.
All states require industrial engineers to be licensed.
All states require insurance agents to be licensed.
All states require insurance agents to earn continuing education credits to maintain licensure.
All states require lawyers to be licensed.
All states require licensing for the practice of chiropractic.
All states require licensing.
All states require lights at night.
All states require LPNs to be licensed.
All states require mining engineers to be licensed.
All states require nursing home administrators to be licensed.
All states require occupational therapists to be licensed, registered, or certified.
All states require optometrists to be licensed.
All states require petroleum engineers to be licensed.
All states require physical therapists to be licensed.
All states require physician assistants to be licensed.
All states require physicians to be licensed.
All states require practical nurses to be licensed.
All states require proof of a rabies vaccination given by a veterinarian.
All states require proof of rabies vaccination.
All states require public school teachers to be certified.
All states require public school teachers to be licensed.
All states require reporting of sexually transmitted diseases.
All states require RNs to be licensed.
All states require school counselors to hold state counseling certification.
All states require screening for at least two disorders.
All states require some form of liability protection when operating motor vehicles.
All states require some or all of their convicted offenders to provide DNA samples to the state.
All states require some sort of validation after a teacher completes a college program.
All states require teachers in public schools to have at least a bachelor's degree.
All states require that agents be licensed to sell life insurance.
All states require that barbers, hairstylists, and cosmetologists have licenses.
All states require that both debtor and secured party sign the initial filing.
All states require that chiropractors be licensed.
All states require that dental hygienists be licensed.
All states require that optometrists are licensed.
All states require that optometrists be licensed.
All states require that physical therapists be licensed in order to practice.
All states require that representatives be licensed to sell life insurance.
All states require that school counselors be certified to work in school counseling.
All states require that students receive certain immunizations in order to attend school.
All states require that utilities have enough capacity to handle peak demand.
All states require the reporting of suspected patient abuse.
All states require their physicians to be licensed.
All states require veterinarians to be licensed before they can practice.
All states require veterinarians to be licensed.
All states require workers compensation.
All states require, in some form, automobile insurance.
All states retain the authority to close a charter school before the completion of the contract.
All states say their efforts are part of a systemic initiative.
All states set their own threshold for posting warnings.
All states shift their energy in the same way.
All states stop fighting rather than eliminate an essential state.
All states suffer when common standards are ignored or violated at sea or in the air.
All states surrounding West Virginia except Kentucky have deregulation plans.
All states use probability-based methods to select their sample.
Any state can join the compact by action of the state authority empowered to execute it.
Any state can make progress in good times.
Any state can occur more than once.
Any state can vote to exempt itself from farm price increases.
Any state counts as only one word.
Any state having three lodges can form a state lodge.
Any State is eligible to apply for a grant.
Any State is eligible to apply for funding.
Any state is obliged to lake safety measures.
Any state needs a legislative branch in the government to interpret the meaning of the constitution.
Every state allows for judicial review of the administrative decision.
Every state allows some type of advance directives.
Every state already does that. . . .
Every state already forbids cigarette sales to minors.
Every state also criminalizes deliberate acts that result in death or serious threat to life.
Every state also hires archaeologists to ensure the preservation of the state s prehistory.
Every state also passes labor laws for their citizens.
Every state assumes responsibility for regulating child care.
Every state authorizes the collection of such interest.
Every state brings something different to the table, but the Minnesota kids have been taught well.
Every state buys electric energy from the grid, a nation wide supply bank.
Every state collects DNA of sex offenders.
Every state conducts DNA tests on convicted sex offenders, and most test convicted murderers.
Every state counts.
Every state does their own thing.
Every state does things slightly differently.
Every state does.
Every state eventually ends eligibility for cash assistance as family earnings get higher.
Every state faces the same problems to differing degrees.
Every state gets a piece of the pie.
Every state gets two votes, regardless of size.
Every State has a certain number of delegates to each convention.
Every state has a child labor law, usually enforced by a state labor department.
Every state has a child passenger safety law that includes primary enforcement provisions.
Every state has a college library that is designated as a federal repository.
Every state has a commission that regulates the utility industry, including telecommunications.
Every State has a constitutional amendment or a statute which protects victims' rights.
Every state has a consultation service and the service is free.
Every state has a crime victim compensation program.
Every state has a deaf-blind project grant within the state department of education.
Every state has a department of insurance that regulates insurers and assists consumers.
Every state has a department or agency that houses dedicated spill response personnel.
Every state has a developmental disabilities council.
Every state has a different approach to standard visitation.
Every state has a different criminal code of laws.
Every state has a different mark up on their gowns.
Every state has a different re-certification process for guidance counselors.
Every state has a different sales tax.
Every state has a different set of laws.
Every state has a different statute of limitations for different types of debts.
Every state has a different statute of limitations.
Every state has a duty to maintain public order, and Turkey faces a legitimate security threat.
Every state has a federal Superfund site.
Every state has a few outdated laws that are still on the books.
Every state has a geological survey that produces geologic maps.
Every state has a grant or scholarship program that provides come financial aid to students.
Every state has a great program.
Every state has a health insurance counseling program that provides free information and assistance.
Every state has a historic preservation officer.
Every state has a home page that is easily located by common Web address.
Every state has a homepage.
Every state has a job service agency that can provide job leads as well as employment testing.
Every state has a law allowing such claims.
Every state has a law pertaining to conservation easements.
Every state has a law requiring children to be buckled up or in a child safety seat.
Every state has a lemon law but they do vary from state to state on wording and remedies.
Every state has a lemon law, and Ohio has one of the strongest in the nation.
Every state has a lengthy set of rules governing the conduct of attorneys.
Every state has a limited number of incentives encouraging investment.
Every state has a long backlog of unmet road and bridge improvements.
Every state has a newborn screening program.
Every state has a program to provide free or low-cost health insurance for kids.
Every state has a public health or education agency serving children with special needs.
Every state has a regulatory agency responsible for overseeing intrastate telecommunications.
Every state has a right to protect official secrets.
Every state has a right to self-defense enshrined in the UN Charter.
Every State has a selection of hotels run by well-known and established international chains.
Every state has a set of child support guidelines.
Every state has a sex offender registry.
Every state has a similar law.
Every state has a state adoption officer.
Every state has a state archives which holds the official records of the state government.
Every state has a state coordinator for the education of homeless children and youth.
Every state has a state society or association of CPAs.
Every state has a statewide center that supports law-related education.
Every state has a statute, or statutes, establishing how the eminent domain power is exercised.
Every state has a system both for removing and restoring children from a parent's custody.
Every state has a teen pregnancy prevention program.
Every state has a teen pregnancy-prevention program. . . .
Every state has a two-digit FIPS code, assigned in alphabetical order.
Every state has a unique resource potential.
Every state has a unique set of requirements and procedures.
Every state has a way to help high risk drivers obtain insurance.
Every state has a zero-tolerance law.
Every state has agencies setup to provide assistance.
Every state has an agency for the aging.
Every state has an agency responsible for licensing and disciplining lawyers.
Every state has an agency that helps people with disabilities find jobs.
Every state has an obligation under international law to seek out and to help prosecute terrorists.
Every state has an obligation under international law to seek out and to prosecute terrorists.
Every State has an unclaimed property program.
Every state has at least one contracted relay provider.
Every state has at least one district court, and highly populated states have more.
Every state has at least one event.
Every state has at least one federal district court, and many states have several.
Every state has at least one high-hazard dam.
Every state has at least one land-grant college that offers agricultural science degrees.
Every state has at least one refuge.
Every state has at least one SBDC, and most states have several offices in several cities.
Every State has at least one.
Every state has child support guidelines which determine the amount of child support to be paid.
Every state has completely different requirements.
Every state has compulsory attendance laws.
Every state has different admissions requirements.
Every state has different homeschool laws.
Every state has different laws and regulations concerning emissions and aftermarket modifications.
Every state has different laws covering forcible evaluations.
Every state has different laws on the interstate shipment of alcoholic beverages.
Every state has different laws on wills.
Every state has different laws.
Every state has different liability insurance costs for drivers, and some can be fairly rigorous.
Every state has different oral sedation dentistry regulations .
Every state has different procedural and substantive requirements.
Every State has different procedural and substantive requirements.
Every state has different regulations for the use of grass carp.
Every state has different requirements for registration and absentee voting.
Every state has different requirements for starting a business.
Every state has different requirements.
Every state has different rules regarding how the electors vote.
Every state has different rules.
Every state has financial aid assistance for eligible students who are legal residents.
Every state has free library services for the blind and physically handicapped.
Every state has free maps, free brochures, free directories, free calendars of events, etc.
Every state has general consumer protection laws that prevent deceptive trade practices.
Every state has geographic characteristics that separate it from all other states.
Every state has international business and trade promotion services.
Every state has laws addressing elder abuse.
Every state has laws dealing with child neglect and abandonment.
Every state has laws mandating infant car seat use and immunizations.
Every state has laws providing for some kind of educational services for children with disabilities.
Every state has laws regarding condominiums, also known as vertical subdivisions.
Every state has laws that prohibit unfair, discriminatory, or deceptive insurance practices.
Every state has laws that require or encourage automobile liability insurance coverage.
Every State has laws to help families when a wrongful death occurs.
Every state has laws to protect trade secret cases.
Every state has literally thousands of park and recreation positions.
Every state has lotteries.
Every state has medical practices acts which define what constitutes the practice of medicine.
Every state has multiple college campuses already, with existing dorms and faculty.
Every state has numerous wildlife laws and regulations that deal directly with trapping.
Every state has one, although the actual ages differ.
Every state has one.
Every State has one.
Every state has outstanding women.
Every state has particular flowers specific to it's region.
Every state has pre-requisites for doing it.
Every state has rabies control programs.
Every state has regional differences that influence the governance of higher education.
Every state has rivers to enjoy.
Every state has rules determining the proper venue for different types of lawsuits.
Every state has rules that govern the conduct of a trial.
Every state has rules.
Every state has several.
Every state has similar accounting rules that mirror the essence of federal fiscal rules.
Every state has similar laws in their statute books.
Every state has similar rules now because doctors, hospitals and nursing homes have strong lobbies.
Every state has slightly different rules, but living wills and DNR order are legal.
Every state has some agency that holds that responsibility.
Every state has some cash available to reimburse victims of crime.
Every state has some form of certification or licensure for social workers.
Every state has some kind of law regarding the accounting procedures of licensed property managers.
Every state has some law permitting an action when someone causes the wrongful death of another.
Every state has some laws regulating the amount of interest that can be collected.
Every state has some sort of effort underway to chronicle and interpret the state's past.
Every state has some type of nuisance-suit protection for farmers.
Every state has some undesirable areas.
Every state has some.
Every state has something unique to offer tourists.
Every state has specific elder abuse laws.
Every state has specific statues.
Every state has such a program in varying degrees of effectiveness.
Every state has such a specified period of time and the time period varies from state to state.
Every state has such a time limit called a Statute of Limitations.
Every state has support groups.
Every state has that, except that in South Carolina the bottom layer is so big.
Every State has the right of individual or collective self-defence against armed attack.
Every state has their idots.
Every state has their own rules and often in complete oposite of other states.
Every state has their own rules and regulations in regards to the request of an absentee ballot.
Every state has their own state trial lawyer association.
Every state has their own unclaimed assets and property office.
Every state has towns with terrific names.
Every state has trial court, usually at city or county level.
Every state has two Senators.
Every state has unique legal requirements for Wills and medical directives.
Every state has workers compensation laws in one form or other.
Every state imposes a liquid fuel tax on gasoline and diesel fuel purchased within the state.
Every state involved in The War for Southern Independence has least one national cemetery.
Every State is a dictatorship.
Every state is a property state.
Every State is allotted a certain number of members.
Every state is covered, even to the tiniest Caribbean ones.
Every state is crossed by at least one such highway.
Every State is different and coverage dates are usually displayed on the search description.
Every state is different and each has it's own particulars.
Every state is different and state education departments tend to be confusing.
Every State is different in regards to laws, regulations, statutes, time frames, wording, ect.
Every state is different in their foreclosure procedure.
Every state is different with regards to visual acuity requirements.
Every state is different, and laws are constantly changing.
Every state is different, but some states have a separate resource center for autism.
Every state is different.
Every State is different.
Every state is entitled to at least one, but the actual number increases with population.
Every state is free to enter whatever organisation it wills.
Every state is listed, as well as the country's major regions.
Every state is more stringent in permitting.
Every state is required to obey federal law.
Every state is somewhat different.
Every state is the dictatorship of a ruling class, even the most democratic.
Every state is unique.
Every state licenses social workers for independent practice at the masters level.
Every state limits contingent fees for personal injury and workers' compensation cases.
Every state looks at an industry's total employment and share of state employment.
Every state maintains an agency which assists and administers student financial assistance programs.
Every state makes for nice weekend trips.
Every state makes it a crime to engage in certain cruel acts toward animals.
Every state monitors ozone.
Every state moves from now to then, and here to there.
Every state needs to have mandatory testing in crashes that result in serious injury or death.
Every state now has a Lemon Law to protect consumers.
Every state now has a program to provide free or low-cost health insurance for kids.
Every state now has a Web site crammed with information on don't-miss sites and happenings.
Every state now has a Web site with some substantive law posted.
Every state now has an economic development department.
Every state now has at least one full-service, general circulation daily newspaper online.
Every state now has disclosure laws for selling property or homes.
Every state now has guidelines to calculate child support.
Every state now recognizes limited liability companies.
Every state now regulates lawyer advertising, including what s on Web sites.
Every state now requires young children to be properly protected while riding in the car.
Every state now runs a JOBS program.
Every state now screens newborns for certain birth defects.
Every state now screens newborns for genetic diseases.
Every state offers a similar program.
Every state offers scholarships, grants, and loans for higher education.
Every state operates under different election laws.
Every state ought to have one.
Every State ought to wish for it.
Every state owns institutions of higher education.
Every state possesses a favorite tale of athletic folklore.
Every state provides minimum limits on benefits.
Every state receives federal funding for numerous programs.
Every state receives formula grant funds for victim assistance and victim compensation programs.
Every state redraws the district lines for congressional seats, as well as state seats.
Every state requires an annual report from all companies that incorporate within the state.
Every state requires architects to be licensed.
Every state requires different minimum amounts of coverage.
Every state requires some degree of formality in the execution of an advance directive.
Every state requires some form of legal regulation of social work practice.
Every state requires that drivers have some sort of automobile insurance in place.
Every state requires that infants and children ride buckled up.
Every state requires that legal notice be given in advance of any legal proceeding.
Every state requires that they be licensed and regulated.
Every state requires that veterinarians be licensed.
Every state requires the people who obtain a divorce in a state to be a resident of the state.
Every state requires youth to attend school.
Every state sends several teams.
Every state still has legal authority to grant and revoke corporate charters.
Every state suffers from the illusion that their standards are the best.
Every state suffers when it develops haphazardly.
Every state taxes cigarettes and most, like Connecticut, lump a sales tax on top of the excise tax.
Every state wants to be part of a solution.
Many state are concerned about cell phones in particular.
Many state gaming regulatory or tax agencies publicize casino slot returns for their jurisdictions.
Many state offer boating safety courses.
Many state owned or operated nurseries carry one or more varieties of the wild plum.
Many state racing series offer points for trailwork.
Many states accept investments nationwide, and some offer enhancements beyond tax concessions.
Many states accept Kentucky certification as qualification for their own certification standards.
Many states accept teleseminars for CLE credit.
Many States actively oppress indigenous communities.
Many states add an additional year to that time period.
Many states add at least a couple of days that are special on a statewide or even local level.
Many states allow a quick and easy route through the learning phase.
Many states allow abuse claims to be filed years after the event took place.
Many states allow adult adoptions.
Many states allow candidates with significant work experience to become licensed surveyors.
Many states allow dental technicians as well as veterinarians to float teeth.
Many states allow dress codes unless they are unreasonable or discriminatory.
Many states allow families to apply by mail.
Many states allow for disclosure in civil proceedings such as malpractice actions.
Many states allow for high punitive damages.
Many states allow for varying degrees of prescriptive privilege and independent practice.
Many states allow hunting with handguns during the regular firearm seasons.
Many states allow investors to use the savings at any U.S. college.
Many states allow merchant power plants.
Many states allow nonprofits to have just one director, but other states require at least three.
Many states allow parents to request exemptions.
Many states allow post-secondary education to replace other work activity requirements.
Many states allow prescriptive privilege.
Many states allow private gun sales.
Many states allow some types of noncash property to be exchanged for shares.
Many states allow the physician assistant to practice in a satellite clinic.
Many states allow the restricted use of grass carp for aquatic weed control.
Many states already classify such wastes as hazardous.
Many states already have comprehensive brownfields programs.
Many states already have de facto registration.
Many states already have designated agency statutes in place.
Many states already have fundraising activities to help their juniors with expenses.
Many states already have homestead exemptions.
Many states already have manure management strategies.
Many states already have net metering in place for at least some small customer-generators.
Many states already have programs to help poor people get prescriptions.
Many states already have special programs for mothers behind bars.
Many States already have statutes or case law reflecting State policy toward same-sex marriage.
Many states already have sufficient laws in place regarding custom truck lift heights.
Many states already implement water conservation programs.
Many states already pay more in hard to staff fields such as math and science.
Many states already require prospective teachers to pass licensing exams.
Many states already sponser organized quizzing.
Many states already take samples from convicted sex offenders and violent criminals.
Many states already track and evaluate students' test results as a means of evaluating schools.
Many states already use the schedules as a basis for their own contracts.
Many states also allow city and county obscenity laws.
Many States also allow city and county obscenity laws.
Many states also allow for the testing of blood, breath or urine for the presence of drugs.
Many states also allow the adoption of adults.
Many states also allow the earnings to grow state tax deferred.
Many states also build, own, and operate their own airports.
Many states also charge an annual tax on tangible personal property.
Many states also contribute funds to the program.
Many states also develop their own individual tests.
Many states also fund pre-kindergarten child care from general revenues.
Many states also give out federally funded scholarships and grants.
Many states also have a common law right of privacy.
Many states also have applicable laws.
Many states also have benefits which they offer to their Retired members.
Many states also have bootleg statutes much like the federal one.
Many States also have college immunization requirements.
Many states also have consumer protection agencies and special offices to regulate charities.
Many states also have county consumer protection offices.
Many states also have depository libraries.
Many states also have grant programs.
Many states also have laws making it illegal.
Many states also have laws or regulations that promote alternatives.
Many states also have laws providing for state court administered receiverships.
Many states also have laws that protect the physically challenged.
Many states also have legislated mandates regarding choices offered within employer packages.
Many states also have local interagency coordinating councils to assist in planning.
Many states also have monthly income caps.
Many states also have ongoing projects.
Many states also have pollution prevention offices with information available to the public.
Many states also have programs and funding sources for trail construction and maintenance.
Many states also have quasi-legal EGDs, known as gray machines.
Many states also have service payback programs.
Many states also have statutes or regulations prohibiting tampering in general.
Many States also have strict prohibitions against the introduction of non-native wildlife.
Many states also have student loan programs for residents attending school in another state.
Many states also have such limitations.
Many states also have their own arbitration statutes.
Many states also have their own laws governing collections.
Many states also have their own rules governing fluorescent lamps.
Many states also have volunteer legal services to assist artists and arts organizations.
Many states also impose a personal income tax.
Many states also impose an estate tax.
Many States also investigate nonfatal accidents.
Many states also know very well about helping and joining together.
Many states also look at wages and industry output.
Many states also maintain funds to repay crime victims.
Many states also maintain their own state defense forces .
Many states also offer additional ethanol tax breaks.
Many states also offer exemptions for property, corporate, sales or personal taxes.
Many states also offer financial incentives for using scrap tires in products.
Many states also offer pre-paid tuition and savings programs that are worthwhile to check out.
Many states also offer pre-paid tuition programs that are worthwhile to check out.
Many states also offer vehicle ownership, property ownership and other public filings.
Many states also operate statewide legal hotlines.
Many states also permit concealed carry at school sporting events, concerts, and other activities.
Many states also place restrictions on name changes by convicted felons, particularly sex offenders.
Many states also produce seedlings.
Many states also publish educational material for consumers.
Many states also regulate the practice of occupational therapy.
Many states also require a jurisprudence exam or an oral exam.
Many states also require a social security number and a photograph.
Many states also require certification.
Many states also require dietitians to be licensed in order to practice within that state.
Many states also require environmental impact statements.
Many states also require licensure to practice.
Many states also require some sort of evaluation each year.
Many states also require teachers to obtain a master s degree.
Many states also require that financial planners be registered and have passed exams.
Many States also require that notice be given to the child to be adopted.
Many states also require that teachers be licensed and complete a teacher's education program.
Many states also require that the adoptive parents be approved by a social service agency.
Many states also require the filing of a Form D notice in a Regulation D offering.
Many states also require warnings on shellfish.
Many states also restrict forfeiting a person's primary car.
Many states also restrict public disclosure of private facts, even if what is said is true.
Many states also use the classes to establish registration fees and to number motorboats.
Many states also use the form for their aid.
Many states appear to have some statute governing the financial privacy of individuals.
Many states are ahead of Virginia in providing remote access to court case management data.
Many states are already off the table.
Many states are already on the move.
Many states are concerned about cell phones in particular.
Many states are concerned about falling lotto sales with the rise of Indian casinos.
Many states are currently in some stage of reform.
Many states are currently in the process of modifying their abortion laws.
Many states are donor states to the highway system.
Many states are eager to follow the lead of California and pass their own similar initiatives.
Many states are far ahead of the federal government in enacting such laws.
Many states are inclined to accept the CPA certificate from another state upon evaluation.
Many states are incredibly hot and humid in the summer months.
Many states are nearly as bad.
Many states are now in the position Oregon was two years ago.
Many states are simply unwilling to make sure they have proper representation.
Many states are soft states and are amenable to some social engineering.
Many states are somewhere between partial online buying and full-fledged electronic commerce.
Many states are trying to outdo each other, it seems, as they execute people at a record pace.
Many states are under pressure to reduce electric rates now.
Many states are virtually without a threat.
Many states are wary of letting big corporations take over the marijuana industry.
Many states authorize both.
Many states authorize special financial assistance for businesses, such as industrial revenue bonds.
Many states ban advertisements that use such terms as dealers invoice .
Many states ban pet primates, and others require permits.
Many states ban the practice, but no specific national laws exist.
Many States can disqualify claimants for other causes.
Many states certify professionals to perform radon sampling.
Many states change their divorce laws and requirements several times a year.
Many states charge a corporate income tax.
Many states charge no taxes for electronically distributed software.
Many states charge significantly more than the new rates, others charge less.
Many states collect and submit data in different formats.
Many states collect consumer complaint information and publish annual guides.
Many states collect data on mercury levels in fish from local waters.
Many states compensate victims for injuries sustained during a crime.
Many states complain that waste imports undercut their efforts at waste reduction and recycling.
Many states conduct a statewide effort.
Many states consider fluorescent lamps to be hazardous waste.
Many states continue to face major court battles over school funding, including California .
Many states continue to mistreat their own citizens.
Many states continue to use and improve performance assessment.
Many states currently contract with non-profit agencies to administer child care subsidies.
Many states currently have laws in place which address electronic monitoring in the workplace.
Many states delegate a large part of their verification powers to the classification societies.
Many states do authorize the collection of such interest.
Many states do have the second-injury fund.
Many states don t even have their PUC information available online.
Many states don t have a centralized location for issuing driver s licenses.
Many states emphasize prevention of unintended pregnancy, particularly among teenagers.
Many states emphasize the prevention of unintended pregnancy, particularly among teenagers.
Many states employ bilingual education methods.
Many states encourage employers to accommodate the needs of breastfeeding mothers.
Many states encourage properties to be maintained as affordable for at least thirty years.
Many states enforce their reporting procedures by randomly auditing physicians.
Many states even have different mechanisms for choosing Democratic and Republican delegates.
Many states even have electronic filing online .
Many states even prohibit merchants from requiring personal details.
Many states exempt certain types of nonprofit organizations, such as schools and churches.
Many states exhibit spending patterns that differ from one or more of the three national trends.
Many states explicitly allow such restrictions in their corporate laws.
Many states fail to address the issue of children as passengers in the cargo area of pickup trucks.
Many states feel they have enough information.
Many states focus on obtaining the client's consent to the disclosure of confidences and secrets.
Many states follow the pattern of the federal election campaign fund.
Many states forbid the retail sale of liquor while the polls are open.
Many states get along just fine without one.
Many states get some of the electricity from renewables.
Many states give consumers a second chance to make-up late payments before repossession.
Many states give grants based on academic merit or field of study.
Many states give junior college courses in dispatching and accept non-affiliated students.
Many states give nursing home residents leeway to bring civil suit.
Many states give promising students financial incentives to attend in-state schools.
Many States grant reciprocity to podiatrists who are licensed in another State.
Many states grant some level of legal immunity for reporting elder abuse.
Many states handle it differently than Ohio does.
Many states have a ban on phosphates in detergents.
Many states have a fairly comprehensive list of rights for victims of serious juvenile offenses.
Many states have a parent locator service.
Many states have a parental immunity rule.
Many states have a separate public health department for each county.
Many states have a site page dedicated to their radon department.
Many states have a special season just for blackpowder rifle hunters.
Many states have a state bar homepage with information on attorney discipline.
Many states have a state income tax.
Many states have a system that assigns a point value to each traffic offense.
Many states have a talented pool of environmental engineers, technicians, and other experts.
Many states have a toll free number to call to report suspected abuse.
Many states have a variety of anti-money laundering laws, but no uniformity exists among the states.
Many states have access to federal tax information.
Many states have active distance education programs.
Many states have additional certification and licensing credentials.
Many states have additional warranty laws that give residents even greater protections.
Many states have additional, more stringent requirements for managing hazardous waste.
Many states have advertising regulations, but enforcement is largely non-reactive.
Many states have age discrimination employment laws as well.
Many states have all three types of notices on the books.
Many states have an agreement with the manufacturer.
Many states have analogous statutes, though their scope varies significantly.
Many states have anti-sodomy laws still on the books.
Many states have applicants take an additional state-sponsored exam.
Many states have approval requirements for new buildings.
Many states have atlases that are generally available through an agency of the state government.
Many states have attractions that people come to the state to visit.
Many states have bad faith laws that are effective against insurance company malfeasance.
Many states have benefits for retraining.
Many states have both criminal and civil anti-stalking laws.
Many States have categories listed on the left side panel.
Many states have chapters, including Texas.
Many states have child labor laws.
Many states have commissions or agencies just for serving deaf and hard of hearing people.
Many states have commissions, including California.
Many states have comparable consumer protection.
Many states have compulsory attendance laws that begin at age six.
Many states have concerns about the levels of mercury in fish and other animals.
Many states have consumer protection agencies and special offices that regulate charities.
Many states have consumer protection agencies and special offices to regulate charities.
Many states have criminal statutes outlawing theft of trade secrets.
Many states have criteria or policy in place to adjust for cold weather altimeter errors.
Many states have different procedures for domestic violence and civil harassment.
Many states have different tests for applicants and recipients.
Many states have different waste regulations.
Many states have DNA data banks.
Many states have downloadable forms for document requests.
Many states have economic incentives as well to encourage the development of the ethanol industry.
Many states have employment laws covering either veterans or disabled veterans.
Many states have equal employment opportunity laws that protect against pregnancy discrimination.
Many States have equal employment opportunity laws that protect against pregnancy discrimination.
Many states have estate taxes tied directly to the federal version.
Many states have excellent organizations as well.
Many states have excellent wind resources that can begin to be tapped today.
Many states have exceptions for corporal punishment written into their child abuse laws .
Many states have extensive catalogs of instructional materials, both print and nonprint.
Many states have extensive limitations as to how the information can be used.
Many states have few environmental standards for logging.
Many States have field study centres that conduct marine biodiversity programs.
Many states have fines and penalties for exceeding capacity.
Many states have flood damaged cars that are being shipped to other states for resale.
Many states have formal agreements for aircraft certification and safety oversight.
Many states have formal procedures for evaluating and changing specifications.
Many states have forms for people to follow in order to prepare their papers properly for court.
Many states have free-market oriented think tanks.
Many states have funds available to compensate crime victims, even if there is never an arrest.
Many states have good pruning publications, even on line.
Many states have grant and guaranteed student loan programs.
Many States have grants for Art and applications on line with guidelines.
Many states have hundreds of public and private programs and facilities for delinquent kids.
Many states have Indian education associations or groups addressing specific issues.
Many states have industrial hemp initiatives in progress.
Many states have innovative and successful plans to reform primary and secondary education.
Many states have innovative ideas they are ready to pursue in child welfare and system reform.
Many states have inspections on railroads and highways to keep any injurious pests out.
Many states have interest in providing for bat conservation needs, but lack trained staff.
Many states have large surpluses.
Many states have large wreath-making industries.
Many states have laws about children having to sit in safety seats or wear seat belts.
Many states have laws addressing whistle-blower protection.
Many states have laws against employment discrimination and sexual harassment.
Many states have laws against unsolicited commercial email unless consumers agree to opt-in.
Many states have laws and labor codes pertaining to companies with just one employee.
Many states have laws applying to people who have a history of passing out.
Many states have laws dealing specifically with identity theft.
Many states have laws governing hearing aid sales.
Many states have laws governing legal relationships between distributors and their suppliers.
Many states have laws governing the transportation of firearms.
Many states have laws helping persons with disabilities, the homeless and others to vote.
Many states have laws on reptiles.
Many states have laws regarding the minimum age for piercing minors with parental consent.
Many states have laws regarding the safety of children in automobiles.
Many states have laws regulating how a repair shop operates, spelling out each party's obligations.
Many states have laws regulating the possession, sale, and distribution of nitrous oxide.
Many states have laws related to equine activites.
Many states have laws requiring minimum or show up pay.
Many states have laws requiring that consumer statutes be written in plain language.
Many states have laws requiring the reporting of abuse and neglect.
Many states have laws restricting public profanity , loud noise in public , and disorderly conduct .
Many states have laws restricting public profanity, loud noise in public, and disorderly conduct.
Many states have laws setting standards for child labor and teen drivers.
Many states have laws setting standards for child labor in agriculture.
Many states have laws similar to Florida regarding the release of adoption information.
Many states have laws similar to Washington's, including Indiana, Kentucky, New Hampshire and Utah.
Many states have laws strictly regulating credit repair companies.
Many states have laws that apply to all businesses in the state, regardless of size.
Many states have laws that are very protective of manufacturers reps commissions.
Many states have laws that hold parents responsible for the supervision of their children.
Many states have laws that identify state ownership of collections recovered from state lands.
Many states have laws that protect a spouse from being disinherited.
Many states have laws that require children to wear bike helmets.
Many states have laws that require regular school fire drills.
Many states have laws that require such requests be honored.
Many states have laws that require the reporting of abuse and neglect.
Many states have laws that state, that explain the condition of when a person is deceased.
Many states have laws to prevent someone from obtaining someone's home address.
Many states have laws to protect new car buyers.
Many states have lax pesticide-use reporting requirements.
Many states have legal requirements in addition to the basic federal statutes.
Many states have legislated restriction of availability.
Many States have legislation which requires schools to have a rehabilitation program in force.
Many states have links through their departments of education.
Many states have lists of conditions that permit eligibility for special education services.
Many states have loan programs for students attending college in another state.
Many states have logical ethnic ties.
Many states have lower incarceration rates.
Many states have lower permit ages and some issue logbooks.
Many states have major teacher training initiatives under way.
Many states have mandatory insurance.
Many states have mandatory names reporting.
Many states have mechanisms for a foreign limited partnership to qualify to do business there.
Many states have more stringent requirements.
Many states have more than one district based upon population.
Many states have multiple levels of competition, like sports do.
Many states have multiple statutes that provide exemptions.
Many states have name indexes to the federal censuses of their state.
Many states have native plant societies.
Many states have new voluntary cleanup programs to encourage and expedite private party cleanups.
Many states have no certification at all.
Many states have no clear process and continue to resist legitimate requests for testing.
Many states have no enforced registration of births, deaths, pauperism, vice, insanity, or crime.
Many states have no laws regarding decals covering windows, or maximum sizes for decals.
Many states have no seizure free interval defined and leave it discretionary.
Many states have no statue of limitations on collecting back child support.
Many states have no statute of limitations on collecting child support arrearages.
Many states have no such facility for veterans.
Many states have noxious weed laws.
Many states have official state anthems, birds, flowers, and even official state cookies.
Many states have on future ballots issues of school choice.
Many states have parental consent or notification laws .
Many states have places that are licensed to provide care for orphaned animals.
Many states have policies to strengthen marriages, and the tax code seems an easy place to start.
Many states have programs designed to assist victims of crime.
Many states have programs for the early detection of deafness in kids.
Many states have programs that provide pharmaceuticals to the poor and the elderly.
Many states have programs to fund networking in schools.
Many states have programs to help people get hearing aids.
Many states have prospectus exemptions similar to regulation A of the Federal Securities Act.
Many states have provisions in their constitution that make it more difficult to raise taxes.
Many states have provisions regarding active licenses.
Many States have publications on various legal topics available from the State Bar Associations.
Many States have punitive damages available when big business acts in an unconscionable manner.
Many states have purchasing guidelines which are available on their web sites.
Many states have quarantines to prevent cultivation of such species.
Many states have readability requirements for insurance policies sold within the state.
Many states have reciprocal agreements with Massachusetts regarding certifications.
Many states have reciprocal agreements with states in their area of the country.
Many states have reciprocal tax exemption agreements with Virginia.
Many states have regional assistive technology resource centers.
Many states have regulations regarding minimum age.
Many states have regulations regarding the wearing of PFDs while underway.
Many states have relay services that work in conjunction with TDDs.
Many states have resources to help entrepreneurs either start or expand their small business.
Many states have restrictions on certain kinds of plants.
Many states have restrictions within their own constitutions that prohibit such plans.
Many states have rules requiring that warning signs be conspicuously posted.
Many states have scholarship, grant, and scholarship loan funds available for their citizens.
Many states have school choice efforts underway.
Many states have scoliosis screening programs in schools.
Many states have seller disclosure laws.
Many states have several locations with the same names.
Many states have similar drug assistance programs.
Many states have similar exceptions.
Many states have similar laws and agencies.
Many states have similar laws, as well.
Many states have similar laws.
Many states have similar problems.
Many states have similar programs.
Many states have similar requirements for work on state lands.
Many states have similar requirements, as do other countries around the world.
Many states have similar requirements.
Many states have similar restrictions.
Many states have similar standards.
Many states have similar tax return mechanisms for wildlife programs.
Many states have sites dedicated to legislative and judiciary information.
Many states have sites for information.
Many states have smokers' help lines.
Many states have some form of direct initiative.
Many states have some form of drug-free workplace laws.
Many states have special manuals explaining the steps to take.
Many states have special programs and benefits for veterans with service-connected disabilities.
Many states have special savings plans for college costs.
Many states have specialized traffic, family, probate, or small claims courts.
Many states have spring turkey hunts.
Many states have state policy councils that work specifically on state issues.
Many states have state tax credits for families adopting children from the public adoption agencies.
Many states have statewide farm business management associations that publish benchmark data.
Many states have statewide membership organizations that are open to local arts agencies and others.
Many states have statutes requiring HMOs to provide medical care to their members.
Many states have statutes that make it a crime to blacklist a former employee.
Many states have statutory prohibitions against the unlawful practice of law.
Many states have stringent health standards regarding exported and imported fish.
Many states have students do observations and some hands-on when they are sophomores.
Many states have such statutes but no federal provision currently exists.
Many states have such systems set up for parenting disputes.
Many states have tax favored qualified tuition programs and more are in the approval process.
Many states have tens of thousands of such vacancies right now.
Many states have the tort of intentional interference with contractual relations.
Many states have their laws available over the Internet, along with other legislative information.
Many states have their learning standards online.
Many states have their own acupuncture laws.
Many states have their own agencies that enforce state discrimination labor laws.
Many States have their own air quality regulations for existing woodstove installations.
Many states have their own comprehensive initiatives.
Many states have their own continuing legal education institutes.
Many states have their own equal credit opportunity laws.
Many states have their own geological surveys and environmental quality divisions.
Many states have their own laws against rollbacks, or charge offenders with fraud.
Many states have their own marking requirements.
Many states have their own mediation and counseling services.
Many states have their own pygmy goat clubs.
Many states have their own scholarship programs.
Many states have their own sex-discrimination laws and relief agencies.
Many states have their own state bureaus of investigation and their own investigators.
Many states have their own state grant programs.
Many states have their own state specific law.
Many states have their own state statutes on arbitration generally.
Many states have their own statutes which protect wetlands.
Many states have their own tax limitation laws.
Many states have their own version of Title VII anti-discrimination laws.
Many states have their own versions of the False Claims Act.
Many states have their own Web sites where additional resources are available for teachers.
Many States have towns with the same names.
Many states have trade offices in overseas markets.
Many states have traffic, family, probate or small claims courts.
Many states have training criteria but most mandatory training is operated on local level.
Many states have very similar programs.
Many states have voter registration forms online.
Many states have wage claim laws requiring employers to pay workers their wages in a timely fashion.
Many states have warrantylaws that give residents even greater protection than the laws specified.
Many states have weak regulations and even weaker enforcement.
Many States have websites as well.
Many states have websites on the Internet where they post ozone forecasts.
Many states have work rehabilitation programs.
Many states have yet to apply for the funds.
Many states have yet to consider such claims directly, but have addressed analogous situations.
Many states have yet to resolve the issue of amateur sports officials' employment status.
Many states have yet to set up separate procurement agencies.
Many states have zero-tolerance laws.
Many states hold annual archaeology weeks and festivals.
Many states hold job fairs.
Many states ignore it when they wish.
Many states impose a deadline on evidence that can be presented after conviction.
Many states impose no death or estate tax.
Many states impose state income tax, with independent withholding requirements.
Many states impose verification requirements that are invasive and difficult to meet.
Many states including Ohio have a generic form for living wills.
Many states initiate pilot programs as part of the deregulation process.
Many states interpret their statute's reference to employee as including independent contractor.
Many states issue consensus estimates for long-range revenues.
Many states issue their own duck stamps.
Many states just take the applicant's word.
Many states lack the staff or funding to seriously pursue complaints.
Many states like to sell the information.
Many states limit the amount of security deposit that can be collected by a landlord.
Many states link assessment results to graduation.
Many states list the loon on their endangered species list.
Many states list the names, even pictures and sentences of prisons inmates.
Many states look to New York State law since many media cases are resolved in New York.
Many states lose money on managing their forests.
Many states maintain a database of registered sex offenders available on the Internet.
Many states maintain indexes of past marriages.
Many states maintain registries of diseases such as cancer and birth defects.
Many states maintain veterans homes for veterans.
Many states make a distinction between first and second degree murders.
Many states make exceptions to the age requirements.
Many states make it illegal for injecting drug users to possess needles.
Many states mandate book covers to keep textbooks clean and eligible for resale.
Many states now accept schools of acupuncture .
Many states now accept schools of acupuncture.
Many states now allow a review of criminal records.
Many states now allow victims to bring suit for up to three years after their memory returns.
Many states now consider conservation lands to be top income generators.
Many states now face budget crises.
Many states now find that the profits are low and the consequences are horrendous.
Many states now have a central mailing list to send information to.
Many states now have agencies that assist in marketing materials.
Many states now have casino gambling.
Many states now have infant-restraint laws.
Many states now have Muzzleloader seasons.
Many states now have programs to insure all children.
Many states now have puppy lemon laws.
Many states now have related programs.
Many states now have scholarship or tuition grant programs.
Many states now have seat belt laws.
Many states now have similar authority as well.
Many states now have some public record information on the Web.
Many states now have student assessment initiatives in place.
Many states now have very broad definitions of abuse.
Many states now impose a duty on the seller to disclose the contamination to a potential buyer.
Many states now mandate coverage of diabetic supplies.
Many states now mandate some sort of hearing screening program, but others make no such provision.
Many states now mandate teacher professional development standards for credential renewal.
Many states now mandate teacher support for new teachers.
Many states now offer fishing licenses on-line.
Many states now offer tax-deferred savings programs for people funding a child's education.
Many states now permit no-fault divorces.
Many states now permit open adoption.
Many states now post their own online photolistings.
Many states now provide online information to health care consumers.
Many States now recognize the medical and therapeutic value of acupuncture.
Many states now require a criminal records check on all child care workers.
Many states now require a water discharge permit to control irrigation runoff.
Many states now require an internship during the first years, before a true certificate is issued.
Many states now require companies to have a corporate sexual-harassment policy.
Many states now require continuing education after graduation as a condition of licensure.
Many states now require continuing professional competency programs as a condition for relicensure.
Many states now require institutions to conduct background checks of prospective employees.
Many states now require insurance companies to do just that.
Many states now require professional surveyors to attend professional development seminars annually.
Many states now require that agents disclose to the buyer who they are actually working for.
Many states now require that insurance companies provide coverage for mammograms.
Many states now require that part of their energy production come from renewable sources.
Many states now require that the blood levels of lead in infants be determined and recorded.
Many States now require the removal of excess chlorine before discharge to surface waters.
Many states now require the use of voting machines in all elections, including primary elections.
Many states now urge former welfare recipients to be trained as day-care workers.
Many states now wait until a car is four or five years old before the first required inspection.
Many states observe Arbor Day on different days according to their best tree-planting times.
Many states offer a tax credit or subsidy in addition to the federal tax credit.
Many states offer a variety of financial aid programs.
Many states offer a variety of incentives for the use of alternative fuel vehicles.
Many states offer additional incentives to parents.
Many states offer additional programs of assistance to small businesses.
Many states offer additional protections.
Many states offer free, or inexpensive soil testing.
Many states offer grant programs for students.
Many states offer grants to students who attend in-state colleges and universities.
Many states offer guaranteed student loans.
Many states offer pre-paid tuition or college savings programs .
Many states offer residents deductions or credits.
Many states offer savings plans for families wanting to save for the future expenses of a child.
Many states offer scholarship assistance to academically talented students.
Many states offer services and benefits to veterans.
Many states offer some protection for former employers called upon to provide a reference.
Many states offer state tax deductions with the plan.
Many states offer student financial assistance.
Many states offer tax benefits.
Many states offer tax rebates and some offer state sponsored loans to smaller productions.
Many states offer two-gobbler bag limits in their spring seasons.
Many states offer varying degrees of college funding.
Many states offer welfare compensation packages two to three times higher than the minimum wage.
Many states only check for convictions of felonies and child abuse within THAT state.
Many states operate visitors centers or tourist offices at major highway entry points.
Many states outlaw credit repair clinics for many reasons.
Many states perform little or no monitoring, testing or notification.
Many states permit both private and shared units, but private units are the norm.
Many States permit cleanups through voluntary cleanup programs.
Many states permit corkscrews to be sold in wine stores.
Many states permit employees to see their files.
Many states permit scooters to use bicycle lanes.
Many states permit television cameras in both trial and appellate courts.
Many states permit the public to submit corporate tax filings online.
Many states place a lien against the home to repay the state after the patient dies.
Many states place additional legal hurdles in the way of private road builders.
Many states place additional restrictions on donations to nonfederal candidates and committees.
Many states place little or no priority on addressing the needs of prison mothers.
Many states place no restrictions on prescriptive power or ordering lab tests.
Many states place restrictions on the ownership of real property by foreign nationals.
Many states plan to improve recount procedures.
Many states post a free database of registration records on their Internet sites.
Many states post names, pictures and addresses.
Many states post the fees, instructions and forms online.
Many states predict shortages of language teachers at all levels of instruction.
Many states prefer to keep only certain species, namely shark and barracuda.
Many states presume an equal division of all marital property, including retirement rights.
Many states presume that joint legal custody is in the child's best interest.
Many states produce documents that are similar to soil surveys.
Many states prohibit direct shipment of wine to consumers.
Many states prohibit general business corporations from performing professional services.
Many states prohibit professional LLCs or place restrictions on professional LLCs.
Many states prohibit sportsmen from selling wild fish and fish parts.
Many states prohibit the culture of certain species.
Many states prohibit the dissemin- ation of confidential medical information as well.
Many states prohibit the dissemination of confidential private medical information as well.
Many states prohibit the relocation of species with a high potential to transmit the rabies virus.
Many states prohibit the tattooing of minors.
Many States prohibit their use.
Many states prohibit using snowmobiles on public roads.
Many states prohibit usurious payday lenders from operating within their borders.
Many states promote the use of golden shiners or threadfin shad as bass forage.
Many states prosecute people attempting to buy firearms under their own gun laws.
Many states provide a variety of rebates and incentives to subsidize solar power.
Many States provide additional child care services with non-CCDF funds.
Many states provide additional financial incentives.
Many states provide an exemption for some or all of the trade implements necessary for employment.
Many states provide buyers guides.
Many states provide extra income above the federal guidelines.
Many states provide for similar protection, but laws vary by state.
Many States provide for the compulsory retirement of judges upon reaching a certain age.
Many states provide for the creation of an official map for a municipality.
Many states provide free screening for scoliosis in the public schools.
Many states provide funds for continuing education, too.
Many states provide Internet access to the full text of their laws through their state Web sites.
Many states provide irregular monitoring or no monitoring for swimmer safety at all.
Many states provide licensure for practitioners.
Many states provide little or no oversight and require zero training.
Many states provide organ donor cards on the back of their driver's licenses.
Many states provide report cards on their schools.
Many states provide scholarships, grants, and loans to students going to one of the state's schools.
Many states provide standardized forms that are free.
Many states provide suggested forms, and in some cases, required language for advance directives.
Many states provide that for free.
Many states provide the same funding as is provided the noncharter school.
Many states publish a photolisting book of the children waiting in their state.
Many states publish a valuation manual that assessors are supposed to use and follow.
Many states publish at least some of their appellate court decisions, and the list is growing.
Many states publish executive orders in their administrative registers.
Many states publish similar statistics and all show the same trends.
Many states purchase it regularly for all new staff.
Many states receive commission revenue from their inmate phone systems.
Many states receive little to no assistance.
Many states recognize how grandparents and relatives have provided a safety net for families.
Many states recognize national certification, while others require individual state licenses.
Many states recognize the common law action for account stated.
Many states recognize the importance of breastfeeding and are passing laws to protect working moms.
Many states recognize the validity of such a signed instrument.
Many states refuse to admit evidence from polygraph testing per se .
Many states regularly exhaust all of their volume cap allocation.
Many states regulate acceleration clauses and allow late payments to avoid foreclosure.
Many states regulate acceleration clauses and allow late payments to be made to avoid foreclosure.
Many States regulate additional air toxic air pollutants.
Many states regulate the importation of living marine organisms.
Many states regulate the process to the point that it becomes unusable.
Many states regulate the transportation of certain plants.
Many states regulate the use of grass carp.
Many states regulate used antifreeze as a hazardous waste.
Many states relocate their bears.
Many states rely on counties and county-based providers to deliver services in the community.
Many states rely on huge tourist revenues.
Many states remain vulnerable to the loophole.
Many states report difficulty keeping people working in the child care field due to low wages.
Many states report record rates of suspensions and expulsions under zero tolerance policies.
Many states report success in improving the school environment, particularly in drug and gun cases.
Many states require a certificate of authorization for engineering firms to practice.
Many states require a certification of inspection upon passing of title.
Many states require a certified copy of the diploma in addition.
Many states require a provider to report each abortion that is performed.
Many states require a record-keeping system.
Many states require a similar document.
Many states require a two-day waiting period between the time of death and cremation.
Many states require a two-year associate degree in mortuary science for a funeral service director.
Many states require accreditation to become licensed or certified in that state.
Many states require advance written application for permission.
Many states require all parties to consent to an audio recording.
Many States require all sections of the test to be passed within a certain period of time.
Many states require appraisals if the mortgage is above a specified amount.
Many states require as part of their newborn screen a test called a hemoglobin electrophoresis.
Many states require bike lights for riding at night.
Many states require bounty hunters to register with local law enforcement prior to making an arrest.
Many states require children to wear seat belts even in the back seats.
Many states require children under a specified age to wear a proper sized life jacket while boating.
Many states require competency tests to pass from one grade to the next.
Many states require contingent fee agreements to be in writing.
Many states require corporations to file a copy of their annual report as well.
Many states require court reporters to complete a state certification exam.
Many states require criminal background checks.
Many states require criminal prosecution of all subsequent offenses.
Many states require detailed disclosures in the ad copy and rules.
Many states require dietitians and nutritionists to be licensed.
Many states require disclosures to the purchasers of units in a common-interest community.
Many states require dispensing opticians to be licensed.
Many states require disposable.
Many states require drivers to have automobile insurance.
Many states require drivers to participate in a no-fault insurance system.
Many states require emissions tests on vehicles.
Many states require facilities to report instances of abuse or neglect.
Many states require film developers to report.
Many states require flame resistant canvas for any tent.
Many states require headlight use in wet weather.
Many states require headlights to be used in conjunction with civil twilight.
Many States require health insurers to provide certain complaint procedures.
Many states require helmets for riders under a given age.
Many states require hunters to be a certified hunter safety class graduate before they can hunt.
Many states require it of school-age children.
Many states require licensure or registration to practice.
Many states require licensure to practice.
Many states require LPNs to take continuing education courses in order to maintain their licenses.
Many states require more frequent check of vision and driving skills for older drivers.
Many states require NFRC testing and labels to authenticate actual insulating performance.
Many states require parental consent for the marriage of younger individuals.
Many states require permission from parents to test minors.
Many states require permits to be owned by wolves.
Many states require proof of financial responsibility in case of an accident.
Many states require RNs to take continuing education courses in order to maintain their licenses.
Many states require sellers to make full disclosure of any problems with the house.
Many states require some internship experience after completing the degree requirements.
Many states require some type of competency testing.
Many states require specific provisions in contracts that cover certain types of transactions.
Many states require state wide electrical licenses for business permits.
Many states require such a statement in the articles.
Many states require such companies to be licensed.
Many states require supermarkets to mark the unit price on the shelves or the price tags.
Many states require teacher certification as a prerequisite for reading specialist certification.
Many States require teachers in private and parochial schools to be certified as well.
Many states require teachers to have a master's degree in education.
Many states require teachers to obtain a master s degree in education.
Many states require that a relative or guardian live in the state with the person with disabilities.
Many States require that a written report follow the oral report.
Many states require that all amounts be reported based on the accrual method of accounting.
Many states require that an employer post a list of eligible medical providers at the job site.
Many states require that child care providers have background and criminal history checks.
Many states require that radiation therapy technologists be licensed.
Many states require that students sit for the national licensing examination.
Many states require that the boiler operator be licensed to operate boilers.
Many states require that the cabs be driven only by commercially licensed drivers.
Many states require that the seller have proof as to the hatch date and sale of any parrot.
Many states require that the transferor use express words to create the right of entry.
Many states require that there be a water skier observer and often there are age restrictions.
Many states require that voter data be acquired by county and, in some instances, by township.
Many states require the file being reviewed to be discipline-matched, ie.
Many states require the filing of a state return as well.
Many states require the licensing of dealers in securities and require securities registration.
Many states require the registration or licensing of acupuncturists.
Many states require the students to pay the exam fees themselves.
Many states require the victims to meet with a judge in order to obtain a protective order.
Many states require their governments to practice balanced budget policy.
Many states require transporters to have a permit to transport hazardous waste through their state.
Many states require tugs to escort tankers in case they lose their steering.
Many states require viatical companies to be licensed.
Many states require waste tire fees be collected for the purpose of disposing their waste tires.
Many states require yearly proof of student progress.
Many states requires study beyond the master's degree for administrative certificates.
Many states reserve funds to cover the costs of specific disasters.
Many states resort to hunting to control their burgeoning deer populations.
Many states respond to reports only when they come from doctors or the police.
Many states say that religious schools can only grant religious degrees.
Many states say they're beefing up collections with new laws.
Many states seem to believe so.
Many states sell their lists at a cost per name.
Many states sell their motor vehicle registration records to mailing list companies.
Many States send press releases to a broad array of news and information outlets.
Many states send their money directly to minority programs.
Many states set income limits far below the poverty level.
Many states set their own guidelines to supplement the federal rules.
Many states set unclear process and cite several sections that each govern TPRs.
Many states simply consider the applicant's income versus the cost of care.
Many states specifically identify a sole proprietorship as an entity owned by ONE person.
Many states specifically target relief to lower-income families.
Many states sponsor loan and grant programs for eligible students.
Many states sponsor loan programs.
Many states still have none.
Many states still lack effective parity legislation.
Many states still maintain long waiting lists for services.
Many states still use salt on their roads to improve traction.
Many states stock a variety of hybrids to accomplish various fisheries management goals.
Many states stratify by mother's race or ethnicity as well.
Many states structure their excise taxes on alcohol content and quantity.
Many states subsidize assistance, thereby making it more affordable to small businesses.
Many states suffer from significant revenue decline in recent years.
Many states tack on their own estate taxes.
Many states take far too long to process claims, some up to two years.
Many states take that role very seriously.
Many states totally exempt one vehicle.
Many states track no one once they leave welfare.
Many states trying to meet litter reduction goals often conduct annual roadside litter surveys.
Many states use a combination of the above methods for forming a state network.
Many states use a nitrate soil test in generating nitrogen recommendations.
Many states use a winner takes all strategy, and the individual vote is lost.
Many states use an interest analysis in resolving the question.
Many states use calendar quarters to define the parameters of the base period.
Many States use Federal guidelines as the basis for State standards.
Many states use grand juries to ensure local jails are being maintained properly.
Many states use lethal injection.
Many states use permanent weigh stations or ports of entry to regulate trucking.
Many states use proficiency testing as a way to assess children and evaluate teachers.
Many States use SMAs.
Many states use telephone hotlines to help catch public assistance cheaters.
Many states use the federal definition verbatim and exclude antiques.
Many states use the money for the same purpose year after year.
Many states use the national surveys to obtain district and county data by increasing sample sizes.
Many states use the Orange Book to determine generic equivalency.
Many States use the PDF format for their files.
Many states use their funds for that purpose.
More states are certain to follow the trend.
More states are including in their anti-stalking statutes online contact.
More states are likely to follow.
More states are sure to follow.
More states continue to participate each year.
More states enable people to avoid unwanted telemarketing calls.
More states have laws that are just as tough.
More states pass health insurance reforms.
More states pass laws restricting smoking in public places.
More states permit riverboat gambling, and casinos are widespread on Native America reservations.
Most State appointed psychologists are nothing more than an assistant to the prosecutor.
Most state have stringent testing requirements.
Most states accept a Pennsylvania teaching certificate.
Most states accept the uniform resale certificate.
Most states actively recruit children into hunting, through special youth hunts.
Most states actively support the development of local consortia.
Most states administer some form of scholarship or grant program.
Most states advertise only the names of people whose property they received during that year.
Most states affect activity patterns.
Most states affect patterns.
Most states affect properties.
Most states affect rules.
Most states aggressively register and examine branch offices.
Most states allow a fifteen year carryforward, which is what Utah allows.
Most states allow access by court order, and many have registries and intermediaries.
Most states allow access to the information requested.
Most States allow an adoptee to petition the court to receive identifying information.
Most states allow an advance directive to be revoked orally, under certain safeguards.
Most states allow an earlier season and possibly a later season for the bowhunters.
Most states allow chiropractors to use the title physician.
Most states allow companies to charge more for male youthful operators.
Most states allow corporal punishment.
Most states allow dual agency as long as both parties give their informed consent.
Most states allow either lump sum payments or monthly installments.
Most states allow employers to add non- competes to employment agreements, that's basically slavery.
Most states allow for a separate letter of instructions to make distribution of household items.
Most states allow for an entity called a limited liability company.
Most states allow for coverage by the private insurance industry.
Most States allow for some pregnancy related expenses.
Most states allow for that.
Most states allow for the taking of foxes to protect private property.
Most states allow judicial review.
Most states allow mail-in voter registration applications.
Most states allow newspaper advertisements with minimal requirements.
Most States allow non-professionals to serve on the board of directors.
Most states allow no-par stock.
Most states allow only small exemptions.
Most states allow sobriety checkpoints.
Most states allow students to take the MPRE before graduating from law school.
Most states allow the court to award joint custody as a discretionary option.
Most states allow the deduction of gaming losses.
Most states allow the same individual to be all three officers of the corporation.
Most states allow their law enforcement officers to conduct sobriety checkpoints.
Most states allow unmarried individuals to adopt.
Most states allow unrestricted in-state sales.
Most states already designate their technical-education systems as technical or community colleges.
Most states already do so for reading and math.
Most states already have a formula for setting speed limits on roads from city streets to highways.
Most states already have some kind of work program in place.
Most states already prohibit genetic discrimination by health insurers, employers, or both.
Most states also adhere to the retreat doctrine .
Most states also allow favorable capital gains tax treatment.
Most states also allow sales tax exemption to churches.
Most states also allow use of managed care techniques.
Most states also cover occupational therapy, medical transportation, and prescription drugs.
Most states also cover the cost of dental care, eye care, and medical equipment.
Most states also exempt the interest on same-state bonds from state and local taxes.
Most states also have a bibliography of newspapers.
Most states also have a commission, council, or committee that addresses disability issues.
Most states also have a felony murder statute.
Most States also have additional requirements.
Most states also have administrative procedure acts .
Most states also have an investigative process which varies.
Most states also have antitrust laws closely parallelling the federal antitrust laws.
Most states also have armed forces , civil service , law and police .
Most states also have armed forces, civil service, law and police.
Most states also have deadlines for submitting applications for state financial aid.
Most states also have individual licensing or state education certification requirements.
Most states also have laws on an age of consent.
Most states also have laws requiring employers to give employees time off for military duties.
Most states also have laws that re-inforce the federal bankruptct code.
Most states also have licensure for audiologists.
Most states also have one as well.
Most states also have professional organizations of social workers.
Most states also have sexual harassment laws .
Most states also have smaller, specialized courts that hear particular types of cases.
Most states also have specific laws regarding employment credit checks.
Most States also have state based peak bodies working in the disability area.
Most states also have statutes which prohibit false and misleading advertising.
Most States also have their own conferences on an annual basis.
Most states also have their own noxious weed laws.
Most states also have uplinks to an insurance page, though providers vary from state to state.
Most states also impose their own estate tax.
Most states also maintain some system for registration and protection of trademarks.
Most states also make building assisted living centers easier than nursing homes.
Most states also permit substantial latitude to include or exclude specific authority.
Most states also provide some degree of privilege based on constitutional or common law.
Most states also provide the text of their constitutions at state Web sites.
Most states also regulate occupational therapy practice.
Most states also regulate the practice of occupational therapy practitioners.
Most states also regulate the practice of occupational therapy.
Most states also regulate wetlands.
Most States also require applicants for a CPA certificate to have some accounting experience.
Most states also require candidates to pass an exam and a background check.
Most States also require completion of a postdoctoral residency program.
Most states also require dogs and cats to have a rabies tag on their collars.
Most states also require licenses for people engaged in a broad range of other occupations.
Most states also require licensure as a condition for employment.
Most states also require licensure.
Most states also require speech-language pathologists and audiologists to be licensed to practice.
Most states also require that an employer file a timely answer.
Most states also restrict insurance agents and companies from advertising the funds' availability.
Most states also test for disorders of hemoglobin, including sickle cell disease.
Most states also test newborns for galactosemia.
Most states appear to bar convicted felons from possessing guns.
Most states appoint all of their electors based on who gained the most votes in a state.
Most states approve classroom sessions for CLE credit.
Most states are against claiming the measures are anti-social, and they want amendments.
Most States are also too heterogeneous for single reference conditions.
Most states are available.
Most states are caused by excessive intake.
Most states are caused by excessive water intake.
Most states are caused by intake.
Most states are caused by water intake.
Most states are Common Law States .
Most states are confident they can rework their most critical computer systems.
Most states are flush.
Most states are happier talking about the winnings and the amount of money they raise.
Most states are in fact running large budget surpluses right now.
Most states are in the process of establishing broad and inclusive licensing laws.
Most states are in the process of phasing in an early intervention program.
Most states are in the same boat, with the possible exception of Maryland and Kentucky.
Most states are individually die-cut.
Most states are intent on locking participants into the plan.
Most states are likely to reject any proposal to mandate pro bono services.
Most states are no-fault divorce states.
Most states are on-line and can be checked by computer.
Most states are silent on the issue because the Internet is so new.
Most states are unaware of the problem.
Most states ask consumers to pay a ''use tax'' in lieu of sales tax on all purchases.
Most states ask voters when they register to express party preference.
Most states assess kin differently than non-kin foster parents.
Most states assign the task of federal redistricting to the state legislature.
Most states assist students with disabilities and some pay virtually all in-state college expenses.
Most states attempt to outlaw perpetuities because of potential problems.
Most States automatically accept e-filers in their state.
Most states automatically restore a felon's right to vote after completion of the sentence.
Most states ban the baiting of deer and elk and other big game for the same reason.
Most states believe intrastate tracking is the real issue.
Most states break their crimes into two major groups-felonies and misdemeanors.
Most states can and do prosecute hate crimes.
Most states can provide a listing of certified labs.
Most states carry laws that force therapists to report abuse to local officials.
Most states celebrate the holiday as does most provinces in Canada.
Most states change states.
Most states change to Daylight Saving Time during the summer months.
Most states charge an application fee.
Most states check the car's lights, brakes, windshield wipers, and horn.
Most states come on one disc.
Most states conduct random reviews of immunization records in childcare programs.
Most states consider a couple to be married when the ceremony ends.
Most states consider a pension to belong jointly to a participant and the participant's spouse.
Most states consider a plaintiff s actions in apportioning liability.
Most states consider inheritances the property of the heir.
Most states consider it a crime to assist another person to commit suicide.
Most states consider sales visits a nexus-creating activity.
Most states consider the proposed process overly complicated and too restrictive.
Most States contain fire departments of all three types mentioned below.
Most states continue to treat adultery as a misdemeanor and everywhere it is grounds for divorce.
Most states contribute to variation.
Most states create slogans to help tourism .
Most states create slogans to help tourism.
Most states currently apply the sales tax to candy and soft drinks.
Most states currently have precedent case law on record.
Most states currently have provisions for no-fault divorces.
Most States currently have some kind of anti-hate crime statute in operation.
Most states currently have some type of correctional education in most of their prisons.
Most states currently have some type of law allowing court-ordered visitation for grandparents.
Most states currently have some type of law allowing court-ordered visitations for grandparents.
Most states define a gun as anything that fires a projectile.
Most states define an emancipated minor as a minor who has the power and capacity of an adult.
Most states define marriage as a civil contract between a man and woman to become husband and wife.
Most states depend on conditions.
Most states depend on environmental conditions.
Most states depend on water.
Most states designate some or all chapter officers as Councillors.
Most states determine the base period in one of four different ways.
Most states differentiate between simple assault and aggravated assault.
Most states divide the crime of murder into first and second degrees.
Most states do a far better job caring for children.
Most states do a good job here, and some have even found room for innovation.
Most states do a good job, but a few fall short.
Most states do allow parents to hire tutors full or part-time, but it is wise to check.
Most States do biennial budgeting and find it very useful, very satisfactory, and successful.
Most states do have it.
Most states do have organizations that provide some free legal services for poor people.
Most states do have some form of open records statutes though.
Most states do have some sort of internship program established.
Most states do have their own anti-discrimination laws and agencies.
Most states do nothing at all.
Most states do provide web sites with bills and slip laws but only a few state codes are on the web.
Most states do recognize a common-law duty of confidentiality applying to health professionals.
Most states do recognize the university's tax exempt status.
Most states do require licensing.
Most states do take away from every felon at least one of the three civil rights in question.
Most states do.
Most states employ a preliminary asking budget cycle.
Most States employ aquatic biologists for monitor ing trends or issuing site-specific permits.
Most States employ aquatic biologists for monitoring trends or issuing site-specific permits.
Most states employ wildlife statisticians.
Most states enact variations, which are widely ignored.
Most States encourage voluntary cleanups by offering some form of incentive to volunteers.
Most states enforce voting trusts, if they conform with statutory requirements.
Most states even have an insurance program that helps out.
Most states exclude the premium portion of overtime pay when calculating workers' compensation.
Most states exercise some control over fund raising activities through a gaming or lottery bureau.
Most states experience premature flexible pavement failures due to both rutting and stripping.
Most states explicitly allow the corporation to purchase such insurance.
Most states face a similar situation.
Most states fail to apply the antidegradation policy to either clean or dirty waters.
Most states fail to require criminal background checks of long-term care workers.
Most states fall in around that figure.
Most states fall somewhere in between.
Most states favor a policy of evacuation for the general population.
Most states favor lethal injection as the manner of execution.
Most states follow a practice of trying to preserve the family if at all possible.
Most states follow a uniform format for addressing their home page.
Most states follow federal law in their definition of a covered employer.
Most states follow federal law regarding severance pay.
Most states follow Oregon in consciously setting priorities.
Most states follow the federal lead in SOC codes.
Most states follow the same schedule.
Most states fund the commissions counterparts through assessments on insurance companies.
Most states generally follow the rule of products liability as it appears in sec.
Most states give adult adoptions the same effect.
Most states give insurance companies up to six months to go after the money owed by another company.
Most states give priority to water-dependent uses when planning shoreline development.
Most states give similar benefits.
Most states give their residents tax breaks for investing in their plans.
Most states give top priority to the spouse, followed by surviving children.
Most states grant regulated monopoly status to utility companies.
Most states grow plants.
Most states grow tiny sea plants.
Most states have a central location where personal property liens are recorded.
Most states have a certification process for voting equipment.
Most states have a department of conservation or tourism.
Most States have a fair and there are hundreds of county fairs.
Most states have a federally-approved program.
Most States have a fund to help underground storage tank owners pay for cleaning up tank leaks.
Most states have a geologic or natural resource survey of some type.
Most states have a governmental agency specifically devoted to regulating the business of insurance.
Most states have a licensing board that regulates the funeral industry.
Most states have a limit on the amount bankrupts can squirrel away in the form of a luxury home.
Most states have a linked infant birth and death database to help track infant mortality.
Most states have a list of falconers who are available as sponsors.
Most states have a list of legislators by county represented.
Most states have a local planning organization which assists the elderly with minor home repairs.
Most states have a major history museum.
Most states have a model text for an advance directive for residents of that state.
Most states have a name search bureau which is a part of the state government.
Most states have a non-judicial system to carry out a foreclosure.
Most states have a preponderance of doctors on their medical boards.
Most states have a Printers Ink statute.
Most states have a publication that explains their residency rules.
Most states have a query or surname registry.
Most states have a registry and many counties are beginning their own registry.
Most states have a regulatory agency that licenses, or otherwise regulates, landfills.
Most states have a rigid formula for calculating child support.
Most states have a similar doctrine, whether by statute or otherwise.
Most states have a similar law in effect.
Most states have a similar requirement.
Most states have a similar site.
Most states have a small financial supplement which is paid monthly or annually.
Most States have a Society.
Most states have a special season just for bowhunters.
Most states have a state gaming office providing the regulation of gaming in the state.
Most states have a state historical society and a state archives.
Most states have a statewide criminal database where records can be searched for just one low fee.
Most states have a statewide definition of limited English proficiency.
Most states have a statewide or regional fair association.
Most states have a statutory procedure for appointment of a law practice custodian.
Most states have a three-tiered court system.
Most states have a toll free number for the public.
Most states have a travel and accommodation scheme.
Most states have a two-tier trial court system.
Most States have a unicameral legislature.
Most states have a unit that administers chronic disease activities.
Most states have a university or state plant diagnostic lab.
Most states have a way of counting students for dispensing aid to school districts.
Most states have a web site that can be visited to find their respective laws and regulations.
Most states have a website that shows their laws on the child support subject.
Most states have a wildlife management division responsible for education and enforcement of laws.
Most states have activities.
Most states have additional credentialing requirements.
Most states have additional laws regarding the use of weapons in the commission of crimes.
Most states have agencies that collect healthcare data.
Most states have agreements called interstate compacts for criminal and traffic offenses.
Most states have an estate tax, too.
Most states have an expediting fee.
Most states have an insurance commissioner responsible for that function.
Most states have an office responsible for vital statistics.
Most states have an online list.
Most states have an organization that offers business assistance to small businesses.
Most states have antitrust laws, and so does the federal government.
Most states have appearances.
Most States have are active in the association.
Most states have areas.
Most states have at least an annual inspection of a nursing home and a report is generated.
Most states have at least one kind of garter snake.
Most states have at least one local affiliate, which can be found within.
Most states have at least one national forest.
Most states have audit provisions written into their statutes.
Most states have basic statutes similar to Colorado's felony murder law.
Most states have between two and four tiers of appeal.
Most states have bicameral legislatures, but one state already has a unicameral legislature.
Most states have both criminal and civil domestic violence laws.
Most states have brain injury associations.
Most states have brand laws.
Most states have business or trade libel laws.
Most states have certain regulations for persons who operate family daycares from their home.
Most states have child labor laws.
Most states have common law property rules but more and more are adopting community property laws.
Most states have county government.
Most states have databases.
Most states have death penalties.
Most states have depository programs.
Most states have distinctive properties.
Most states have drug laws that mirror the federal act.
Most states have education requirements.
Most states have energy wind power.
Most states have exceptions.
Most states have exotics species laws far more lax than Minnesota's.
Most states have extra kinds of financial aid for students who meet certain qualifications.
Most states have few regulations, and current laws are poorly enforced.
Most states have financial responsibility or compulsory insurance laws.
Most states have five qualifications.
Most states have formal education requirements.
Most states have formal requirements.
Most states have government.
Most states have grant programs as well.
Most states have guaranty funds to help pay the claims of financially impaired insurance companies.
Most states have guidebooks to their common fossils, some of which are even posted on the Internet.
Most states have guidelines or laws specifying the appropriate treatments for intractable pain.
Most states have gun control laws that specify who can buy or use a gun, particularly a handgun.
Most states have hospitality taxes which include hotels and car rentals.
Most states have housing finance departments that are aimed at increasing homeownership rates.
Most states have important and unique advantages.
Most states have incumbent protection laws to make it difficult for non-RepubliCrat challengers.
Most states have large and small school divisions.
Most states have laws against certain colors, such as red and blue.
Most states have laws against releasing confidential information without permission.
Most states have laws against stalking.
Most states have laws completely pre-empting any local regulation of firearms.
Most states have laws concerning embalming, cremation and so on.
Most states have laws covering trusts and trustees.
Most states have laws defining which scales are to be used for inventorying or quoting saw logs.
Most states have laws establishing presumptive levels of intoxication.
Most states have laws governing non-compete agreements.
Most states have laws governing the abandonment of animals by the owner.
Most states have laws governing the conduct of fiduciaries.
Most states have laws governing what is to be done with property that has been abandoned.
Most states have laws mandating rabies vaccinations for both dogs and cats.
Most states have laws permitting a certain number of excused absences for religious holidays.
Most states have laws protecting children against inadvertently being disinherited.
Most states have laws protecting patients in an emergency.
Most states have laws protecting the clinician-patient relationship.
Most states have laws protecting threatened and endangered species within their borders.
Most states have laws regarding children being left unattended by an adult.
Most states have laws requiring such accreditation by state-chartered schools.
Most states have laws requiring that children use safety restraints.
Most states have laws requiring that insurance companies pay claims within a certain time period.
Most states have laws that allow offenses by young wrongdoers to be erased from their records.
Most states have laws that deal with disposing of claims against a dissolving or dissolved business.
Most states have laws that parallel the federal lottery laws.
Most states have laws that protect people who lease their homes.
Most states have laws that provide for a share of estate property to go to such children.
Most states have laws that provide for a share of the estate to go to such children.
Most states have laws that provide for a three-day right of recession.
Most states have laws that recognize advance directives.
Most states have laws that set reassessment at certain time intervals.
Most states have laws that specify minimum cartridge specifications for white- tail hunting.
Most states have length limits.
Most states have library services and technology advisory committees or boards.
Most states have licensing for social work and for psychology.
Most states have licensure or certification requirements for nonclinical social workers.
Most states have limitations.
Most states have limits.
Most states have little or no graduation requirements for music in the public schools.
Most states have local branches or chapters of national organizations.
Most states have local regulations about the use of an AED in a non-clinical setting.
Most states have low-cost family planning clinics that welcome teens' and can keep a secret.
Most states have mandates on the time required to teach at home.
Most states have mandatory certification programs.
Most states have mandatory child abuse reporting laws.
Most states have mandatory child safety seat and seatbelt laws.
Most states have mass.
Most states have maximum ages up to which a minor can be in a juvenile facility.
Most states have mechanisms for a foreign limited liability company to qualify to do business there.
Most states have more than one court.
Most States have more than one mechanism for transferring cases to criminal court.
Most states have multiple unions representing different members in different jurisdictions.
Most states have new assessments in place or under development.
Most states have no internal monitoring to assess the quality of public psychiatric services.
Most states have no mandatory requirement for economics.
Most states have no maximum age requirement.
Most states have no provision for sales tax refunds.
Most states have no provisions for helping such people once they reach the time limit.
Most states have no such tax.
Most states have no typical refund law that applies to all retail establishments.
Most states have numerous offices and organizations that serve deaf and hard of hearing people.
Most states have one or two divisions.
Most states have one.
Most states have ongoing projects to upgrade the accessibility of state parks and camping areas.
Most states have organizations committed to helping parents who home school their children.
Most states have own rules.
Most states have parks.
Most States have parole boards with jurisdiction over persons with sentences of a year or more.
Most States have penal provisions which are applicable to cases of torture or similar practices.
Most states have penalties.
Most states have pins in the shape of their state.
Most states have places.
Most states have policy.
Most states have power.
Most states have press associations that publish annual directories of newspapers.
Most states have professional organizations for teachers of mathematics at all levels.
Most states have programs that cover nursing home as well as in-home care.
Most states have programs to assist people who have print handicaps.
Most states have properties.
Most states have public records laws requiring that the destruction of public records be documented.
Most states have recycling programs to encourage proper disposal.
Most states have regressive systems.
Most states have regulations establishing such time frames.
Most states have requirements to qualify a foreign corporation to do business in their state.
Most states have requirements.
Most states have responsibility.
Most states have roles.
Most states have rules against taxing transactions billed directly to the federal government.
Most states have rules intended to foster responsible parental behavior.
Most states have rules.
Most states have rural populations that are difficult to reach.
Most states have sales and property taxes in some form.
Most states have sales taxes.
Most states have seat belt laws that require pickup truck occupants to buckle up.
Most states have seats.
Most states have separate public school systems in each city and county.
Most states have separate statutes governing child custody and domestic violence.
Most states have several programs aimed at various minorities, economic zones, and industries.
Most states have several secies of freshwater turtles.
Most states have shapes.
Most states have significant toll revenues and use other taxes to subsidize mass transit operations.
Most states have similar anti-referral statutes.
Most states have similar laws governing the practice of medicine.
Most states have similar laws.
Most states have similar organizations devoted to advocating for children's rights.
Most states have similar regulations regarding the noise level of a watercraft.
Most states have similar requirements to be eligible to vote.
Most states have similar requirements.
Most states have similar rules.
Most states have similar statutes.
Most states have similar versions.
Most states have small claims courts.
Most states have some form of citizen initiative.
Most states have some form of nonmonetary programs.
Most states have some form of prescriptive authority in place for advanced practice clinicians.
Most states have some form of program review occurring on a regular basis.
Most states have some kind of licensing statues in place.
Most states have some limited countermeasures aimed at keeping pedestrians off of the Interstates.
Most states have some set-aside funds to assist battered women s programs.
Most states have some sort of provision to heed the child's desires.
Most states have some sort of such bureau, as well as some cities and counties.
Most states have some sort of victims rights law.
Most states have some sort of wildlife advocacy group.
Most states have some type of domestic violence statute.
Most states have some, but inadequate funding for direct appeals to state courts.
Most states have special education programs for the disabled.
Most states have special restrictions on eviction that apply only to residential leases.
Most states have special seatbelt laws for minors and require child seats for young children.
Most states have special statutes for cooperatives.
Most states have specific laws regarding newborn screening.
Most states have specific statutes preventing assisted suicide of any kind.
Most states have specific training criteria for certification.
Most states have specific witnessing or notary requirements.
Most states have standard discharge water quality limitations and monitoring requirements.
Most states have standards for noise levels from industrial facilities.
Most states have state statutes requiring participation by state and local agencies.
Most states have statutes and regulations governing licensure to practice medicine.
Most states have statutes establishing who the presumed father of a child is in certain situations.
Most states have statutes recognizing living wills.
Most states have statutes similar to Florida's.
Most states have statutes that accord protection in the form of immunity and confidentiality.
Most states have statutes that allow grandparents to ask the court to compel visitation.
Most states have statutes that govern the disposition of security deposits for rental property.
Most states have statutes which limit the liability of school districts in negligence actions.
Most states have statutory provisions for the special assessment of agricultural property.
Most states have strict deadlines for submitting applications.
Most states have strict laws requiring proper safety vehicle restraints for children.
Most states have strict patient confidentiality laws.
Most states have strict requirements regulating the growth and processing of medical marijuana.
Most states have strict time limits for reporting the information.
Most states have such a site.
Most states have such Boards which also handle appeals of decisions to deny or revoke licenses.
Most States have such committees but their duties, composition and appointments vary.
Most states have such laws.
Most states have such programs in place.
Most states have such prohibitions.
Most states have surfaces.
Most states have tariffs which heavily discriminate against marijuana grown outside their state.
Most states have ten to fifteen required forms regularly used to document compliance with the law.
Most States have tenure laws.
Most states have tests.
Most states have their own form, which can be purchased at most stationery stores.
Most states have their own grant or scholarship programs and eligibility criteria.
Most states have their own laws on advance directives.
Most states have their own laws regarding marijuana and physicians.
Most states have their own requirements.
Most states have their own venture capital finance firms that invest in high risk businesses.
Most states have their own venture capital finance terms that invest in high risk businesses.
Most states have their own version of a manifest.
Most states have their own water, air, and land regulation permitting programs.
Most states have their statutes online, and can be located via one of the search engines.
Most states have their vehicle codes posted on the Internet.
Most states have trained law enforcement officials.
Most states have training incentives that they offer to companies.
Most states have trials.
Most states have two levels of documentation for a condominium association.
Most states have two or more teacher associations.
Most states have usury laws.
Most states have various levels of licensing which are based on the appraiser's experience.
Most states have varying limits on how many cougars can be taken each year.
Most states have very good employment offices and a lot of information.
Most states have warranty statutes, as well, which provide further protections for vehicle owners.
Most states have women on a two-lane road making slow progress toward equality.
Most States have yet to include the precautionary approach in legislation.
Most states have, or are planning to implement, some form of college savings plan.
Most states help companies.
Most states hire professionals to do it.
Most states hold the bank responsible for losses from a forged check.
Most states honor all valid foreign licenses.
Most states honor another state's advance directive.
Most states honor that accreditation.
Most states impose an inheritance tax.
Most states impose corporate income taxes on the net income of telecommunications providers.
Most states impose mercury emission reduction rules.
Most states impose rules.
Most states impose sales or excise taxes on sales of telecommunications services.
Most states increase the punishment in drunk driving cases if certain facts exist.
Most states inspect carnival rides that cross state lines, but there is no national standard.
Most states involve the exploitation of a majority by a minority.
Most states just focus on the knowledge.
Most states keep day-care records at the county level.
Most states keep information on commercial fundraisers.
Most states lack licensing procedures for travel agents.
Most states lack the capacity to provide quality child care to large numbers of infants.
Most states leave disability issues out of their election reform legislation.
Most states leave the question of sex education up to the local school boards.
Most states levy sales tax on the full purchase price of the new vehicle.
Most states limit coverage to senior citizens and the disabled who have low or moderate incomes.
Most states limit reporting to crashes which occur on public roads.
Most states limit testing because of cost and time.
Most states limit the number of different types of medigap plans that can be sold.
Most states look at an applicant's assets and income.
Most states maintain lists of qualified contractors.
Most states maintain their voter registration files at the county level.
Most states make assistance mandatory for low-performing schools.
Most States make awards on a competitive basis.
Most states make the dog owner responsible for all bites, even if the dog never bit anyone before.
Most states make the surviving spouse or registered domestic partner, if any, the first choice.
Most states mandate and control regulations and licensure to practice the professions.
Most states mandate energy conservation assistance, even without deregulation.
Most states meet work requirement of welfare law.
Most states mirror the scheduling criteria established by the federal government.
Most states now classify fraud as a felony rather than as a misdemeanor.
Most states now give health plans the option of providing selective coverage for vaccines.
Most states now have a chief information officer to ensure technology business gets done right.
Most states now have a district-driven finance system.
Most states now have a slogan, a scene or both on their standard plates.
Most states now have a statute addressing dangerous patients.
Most states now have broader laws that also encompass medical necessity disputes.
Most states now have extensive information available on the Internet.
Most states now have information to give to homeschoolers.
Most states now have laws requiring that the land contour be restored and revegetated.
Most states now have long waiting lists for classes of any kind.
Most states now have privacy protection legislation.
Most states now have provision for SCOR offerings.
Most states now have similar laws.
Most states now have some form of student assistance.
Most states now have some kind of statute that governs the self-storage industry.
Most states now have sophisticated environmental protection programs.
Most states now have standard visitation and support guidelines.
Most states now have standards and related assessment systems.
Most states now have statutory requirements for the use of safety devices by children.
Most states now have such a requirement.
Most states now have web sites so constituents can be more aware of legislative activities.
Most states now hold parents responsible for some of the mindless damage their kids cause.
Most states now mandate minimum personal liability coverage for all drivers.
Most states now offer special primitive firearm seasons.
Most States now perform the sickle cell test babies are born.
Most states now permit formal actions to be taken in writing without holding a formal meeting.
Most states now permit the sale of long term care hybrid products.
Most states now recognize individual right to privacy.
Most states now require a degree for entry level game warden positions.
Most states now require an autopsy for all babies who die unexpectedly.
Most states now require fully trained medical examiners to handle death investigations.
Most states now require health insurance to cover part or all of a screening mammogram's cost.
Most states now require licensure.
Most states now require persons charged with serious crimes to provide a DNA sample.
Most states now require photo identification at the time of settlement from all parties involved.
Most states now require such a disclosure.
Most states now require temporary non-occupational disability coverage.
Most states now require that families be offered the option of donation when a loved one dies.
Most states now require that health insurance policies offer mammography screening reimbursement.
Most states now require that insurance companies provide coverage for screening mammograms.
Most states now require workers' compensation insurance, even for churches with a part-time pastor.
Most states now spend more on prisons than on universities.
Most states now use it.
Most states now use the Internet to advertise their solicitations and awards.
Most states observe reciprocity with Louisiana regarding teacher certification.
Most states observe the federal legal holidays.
Most states obtain their funding from fees or charges assessed against offenders.
Most States obtain their funding from fees or charges assessed against offenders.
Most states occur at low temperature.
Most states occur at temperature.
Most states offer access to free databases, such as counties and demographics or sex offenders.
Most states offer free insurance counseling services.
Most states offer health insurance to qualified persons who are indigent.
Most states offer incentives to install solar heating on houses.
Most states offer monetary assistance to foster families.
Most states offer printed material for classroom use.
Most states offer protection against creditors for ordinary IRAs.
Most states offer registration by comity.
Most states offer representations.
Most states offer screening services for free or at a reduced price for women who qualify.
Most states offer services to the elderly who are neglectful of their own care.
Most states offer services.
Most states offer sex education in school, but the lessons vary tremendously.
Most states offer simlair service.
Most states offer special programs in the summer.
Most states offer state-sponsored college tuition plans and many have tax benefits.
Most states offer two kinds of plans.
Most states offer written driving tests in languages other than English.
Most states only allow creditors to seize one quarter of wages, though.
Most states only require a full name and date of birth.
Most states only require one director in order to form a corporation.
Most states only require one year's experience.
Most states operate local or regional programs with local paid or volunteer ombudsman staff.
Most states outlaw pyramiding.
Most states pay benefits for the employee s lifetime in cases of permanent total disability.
Most states pay benefits for the employee's lifetime in cases of permanent total disability.
Most states pay for home medical equipment and many pay for prosthetic and orthotics.
Most states permit consumers to band together to buy electricity on their own.
Most states permit it with approval of two psychiatrists and a parent or guardian.
Most states permit one person to grant the power to make health care decisions to another.
Most states permit only a few students to enroll in their professional schools as nonresidents.
Most states permit people or organizations to form their own school.
Most states permit some level of commercial harvest of turtles.
Most states permit such actions to be files in small claims court.
Most states permit three-ring binders with notes.
Most states place only minimal limitations on driving with a learner's permit.
Most states produce their own milk, eggs, fruits, vegetables, and grains.
Most states prohibit animals on buses, and recent rules now prohibit animals on trains.
Most states prohibit discrimination based on marital status.
Most states prohibit disposal of liquids in landfills.
Most states prohibit employers from withholding a person's salary for disciplinary reasons.
Most states prohibit employment discrimination on the same basis as federal law.
Most states prohibit the marriage of first cousins.
Most states prohibit the use of an electronic game call for Turkey.
Most states prohibit the use of fireworks by individuals.
Most states promote their lottery games aggressively.
Most states protect the legal rights of the biological father in any adoption procedure.
Most states provide access to the data collected, and many publish analyses of the data.
Most states provide downloadable tax forms.
Most states provide for automatic spousal benefits upon death.
Most states provide for the possibility of damages in excess of actual damages.
Most states provide grant programs for eligible residents.
Most states provide it.
Most states provide lawyers for a condemned person's initial appeal.
Most states provide legal protection for communications between patients and their physicians.
Most states provide legal services for farmworkers.
Most states provide opportunity.
Most states provide other protections as well.
Most states provide services.
Most states provide some funds to local groups and nonprofit organizations.
Most states provide some type of training reimbursement for the manufacturing industry.
Most states provide statements.
Most states provide technical support to districts.
Most states provide terrestrial tv services.
Most states provide training on the job.
Most states provide unemployment insurance information online.
Most states provide very little in the way of counseling and health care for child soldiers.
Most states publish guides to their public meeting and public records laws.
Most states publish information on foundations within their borders.
Most states publish listings in the newspapers of general circulation.
Most states publish new legislation in a legal gazette, but only in very limited editions.
Most states publish reports on student performance.
Most states publish their newsletters four times per year.
Most states receive rainfall.
Most states receive snow.
Most states recognize a cause of action for interference with contracts or business expectancies.
Most states recognize both certifications for only one or two settings.
Most states recognize different types of kidnapping and punish accordingly.
Most states recognize that a substantial age difference is an aggravating factor.
Most states recognize the theory of strict liability.
Most states reduce emissions.
Most states reflect that in their tax codes.
Most states refuse to allow their citizens the right to review complaints filed against attorneys.
Most states register pesticides on an annual basis.
Most states regulate electricity rates.
Most states regulate pawnshop interest rates and other charges, such as storage or insurance fees.
Most states regulate pharmacy technicians in some way.
Most states regulate the use of AEDs and minimum training requirements.
Most states regulate uptake.
Most states rely heavily on part-time help and volunteers.
Most states rely heavily on the federal act for enforcement and funding.
Most states rely more equally on at least two of the three major taxes.
Most states rely on sales taxes for substantial portions of their budgets.
Most states reprint their constitution in the first volume of the statute set for that state.
Most states req.
Most states require a criminal background check as part of the credentialing process.
Most states require a hauler's permit.
Most states require a health certificate before a horse can be brought into the state.
Most states require a law graduate to take a bar examination.
Most states require a listing agreement to be in writing due to the statute of frauds.
Most states require a mandatory one-night stay on the first offense.
Most states require a minimum amount of automobile insurance.
Most states require a minimum level of liability coverage.
Most states require a minimum of three directors.
Most states require a permit and inspection.
Most states require a registered agent.
Most states require a surcharge to be applied at the point of sale, refundable upon return.
Most states require a vision test, and in some instances, a new photograph for renewal.
Most states require a wage withholding order in each case where child support is ordered.
Most states require accounting experience.
Most states require accreditation by some major agency or organization.
Most states require additional certification.
Most states require advance registration in order for voters to participate in subsequent elections.
Most states require agency supervisory visits before finalization.
Most states require alcoholic beverages to be sold only through state-licensed wholesalers.
Most states require all employers to carry workers compensation insurance.
Most states require all vehicles to pass an inspection annually or bi-annually.
Most states require an employee to notify an employer when a work injury occurs.
Most states require an investment advisor to pass an examination.
Most states require annual reporting of emissions as a basis for required fees.
Most States require applicants for a CPA certificate to have some public accounting experience.
Most states require architects to hold an accredited degree.
Most states require athletic trainers to be licensed.
Most states require attention.
Most states require beer line cleaning once a week.
Most states require both licensure as well as certification to qualify for work.
Most states require candidates to pass an additional examination in professional ethics.
Most states require car insurance by law.
Most states require car owners to purchase and maintain automobile insurance.
Most states require car seats for children under four years old.
Most States require certification for workers who apply pesticides.
Most states require certification in order to practice.
Most states require certification or licensing.
Most states require certification.
Most states require charities to be registered or licensed by the state.
Most states require charter school applicants to go through their school district for approval.
Most states require charter school students to participate in statewide assessments.
Most states require children to be vaccinated before starting school.
Most states require clear documentation for a joint tenancy with right of survivorship.
Most states require companies to purchase workers' compensation insurance for their employees.
Most states require contact lens education.
Most states require continue education.
Most States require continuing education for licensure renewal.
Most states require counselors.
Most states require courts to consider the presence of abuse when making such determinations.
Most states require dealers to be bonded.
Most states require dentists to meet continuing education requirements.
Most states require dietitians and nutritionists to be licensed in order to practice.
Most states require driver education courses for young drivers.
Most states require drivers to carry uninsured motorist coverage.
Most states require education.
Most states require employee contributions.
Most states require entry-level training for the category of unarmed security guard.
Most states require estimated tax payments on the same schedule as the federal payments.
Most states require every driver to carry automobile liability insurance.
Most states require eye drops for all newborns to prevent such blindness.
Most states require formal education.
Most states require formal notice of plans to raise the insanity defense.
Most states require genetic counselors.
Most states require graduation from a cosmetology school and passing and examination.
Most states require health and rabies shots with proof.
Most states require health care organizations to conduct criminal background checks on employees.
Most states require health certificates and rabies inoculations.
Most States require health certificates indicating workers are free from communicable diseases.
Most states require hearing screenings in the fifth grade.
Most states require homeowners to disclose known hazards before selling.
Most States require immediate reporting of all suspected or confirmed releases.
Most states require initial applicants for teacher certification to pass required tests.
Most states require insurance companies to pay for all or part of the test.
Most states require insurance providers to cover screening mammography.
Most states require it.
Most states require judges.
Most states require licenses for appraisers.
Most states require licenses for child-care programs.
Most states require licenses.
Most states require licensing of home health agencies.
Most states require licensing or registration of surveyors.
Most states require licensing.
Most states require licensure in order to practice.
Most states require licensure to practice occupational therapy.
Most states require licensure, certification or registration of the physical therapist assistant.
Most states require licensure, certification or registration.
Most states require mammography benefits through employers' insurance coverage.
Most states require manufacturers to register all products used within that state.
Most states require marital counselling if one party believes that the marriage can be reconciled.
Most states require master's degrees for beginning extension agents.
Most states require medical documentation, some states have a presumption clause.
Most states require minimum protein, minimum fat, and maximum fiber to be listed on the tag.
Most states require more than a degree to enter teaching.
Most states require motorcyclists to wear helmets.
Most states require nonphysician practitioners to be supervised by physicians.
Most states require nonprofit corporation to have a minimum of three directors.
Most states require one for dogs.
Most states require one or two witnesses to sign the marriage certificate.
Most states require only a high school diploma from parents who teach at home.
Most states require only one target.
Most states require passengers, including children, to wear a safety belt while in a car.
Most states require physicians.
Most states require plumbers to be licensed.
Most states require practicing landscape architects to be licensed.
Most States require principals to be licensed as school administrators.
Most states require property qualifications for franchise.
Most states require public school counselors to have both counseling and teaching certificates.
Most States require public school counselors to have both counseling and teaching certificates.
Most states require public school principals to be licensed as school administrators.
Most states require public schools.
Most states require public secondary schools.
Most states require refunds of unearned credit insurance premiums.
Most states require renewal applicants to appear in person and to pass a vision test.
Most states require restoration of full privileges before licensure.
Most states require school counselors.
Most states require school districts to get special approval to go to four days.
Most states require schools.
Most states require secondary schools.
Most states require social workers to pass a licensing exam.
Most states require some college education.
Most states require speech-language pathologists and audiologists to be licensed.
Most states require students in certain grades to take standardized achievement tests.
Most states require such an agreement, but it often gets lost in the cracks.
Most states require that a limited partnership agreement be in writing.
Most states require that a private investigator be licensed.
Most states require that a settlement for a minor's claim be approved by the court.
Most states require that acupuncturists be licensed.
Most states require that acupuncturists become certified .
Most states require that an agent be registered with the state at the time of incorporation.
Most states require that an individual intending to become an architect hold an accredited degree.
Most states require that applicants pass an oral exam.
Most states require that bites to humans be reported to the local health department.
Most states require that candidates pass written and practical examinations prior to certification.
Most states require that child and elder abuse be reported, but beyond that, standards vary.
Most states require that clinical social workers be licensed.
Most states require that contractors be licensed.
Most states require that convicted sex offenders register in the county where they reside.
Most states require that drivers get liability coverage.
Most states require that every registered vehicle carry some sort of auto insurance.
Most states require that ferrets receive a regular rabies vaccination.
Most states require that fuel wood be sold by the standard or fraction of a cord.
Most states require that guards be licensed.
Most states require that librarians working in local libraries are certified .
Most states require that notice be given within thirty days.
Most states require that nursing home administrators take continuing education courses.
Most states require that parties be married by an authorized individual.
Most states require that persons have reached the age of majority.
Most states require that property managers hold real estate licenses.
Most states require that stationary engineers be licensed.
Most states require that students pass a standardized test to qualify for teacher certification.
Most states require that suppression motions be made prior to trial.
Most states require that the address of the corporation be listed at the time of incorporation.
Most states require that the board be comprised of at least three people.
Most states require that the document be witnessed.
Most states require that the last meal be locally available.
Most states require that the signature of the testator be witnessed by at least two witnesses.
Most states require that the teacher take that state's certification exam.
Most states require that they be based on the best interests of the child.
Most states require that workers be covered no matter how many employees a company has.
Most states require the doctor of chiropractic degree only.
Most states require the doctoral degree for licensure as a psychologist.
Most states require the filing of articles of organization.
Most states require the reporting of positive test results to health officials.
Most States require the use of a pack date as described above.
Most states require the use of specific words.
Most states require two witnesses, while a few others require three.
Most states require vouchers to be submitted electronically.
Most States require youth to undergo supervision and treatment after release from an institution.
Most states restrict the sale of salvage vehicles to licensed automobile dealers and dismantlers.
Most states see their role as initial facilitator or organizer.
Most states set state minimum wages at the federal level or higher.
Most states share gas tax revenues with local taxpayers.
Most states show a general pattern of increasing routes over time.
Most states specifically permit corporations to have just one director.
Most states specify an inlet device, either a baffle or a sanitary tee.
Most states specify minimum student teaching requirements in terms of clock hours.
Most states specify that decisions made by external reviewers are binding on the health plan.
Most states sponsor help lines.
Most states sponsor some type of college savings plan.
Most states stamp the deed rather then actually affixing a stamp.
Most states still fail to require students to meet standards as a basis for promotion or graduation.
Most states strictly prohibit disclosure of utility customer information.
Most states strictly regulate non-Native American casinos.
Most states stringently enforce limousine licensing.
Most states support colleges and universities.
Most states support their new programs with enhanced policies to make work pay.
Most states suspend an execution or prohibit conviction of an insane person.
Most states take actions.
Most states test all newborn babies for sickle cell disease.
Most states there have recent checklists of mosses.
Most states treat registration as evidence that the mark has been registered with the state.
Most states treat visitation and child support as separate issues.
Most states use a presidential primary to select delegates.
Most states use a simple circle to define relevant market area.
Most states use a three-factor formula which taxes sales, property and payroll .
Most states use an execution team, typically comprised of prison employees.
Most states use electronic databases to track the thousands of waterbodies within their boundaries.
Most states use gross, but the actual breakdown can be seen below.
Most states use penalties to fund their programs.
Most states use primaries to select delegates to the national convention.
Most states use some form of a best interests of the child standard to determine custody issues.
Most states use some type of formal process for prioritizing their waterbodies or watersheds.
Most states use standardized written examinations and many use performance tests, as well.
Most states use the narrative mode.
Most states use unarmed, licensed peace officers to supervise the station for the state.
Most states waive fines upon proof of safety seat acquisition.
Some state do allow licensing after a specified number of years of supervision.
Some state hate laws go even further.
Some state have special courts that handle small or minor cases.
Some state haves strict rules for the keeping, housing and maintenance of captive wild animals.
Some state licensing laws focus on physical or medical conditions.
Some state licensing laws for radiologic technologists are available online.
Some state permit private insurers to compete with the state fund.
Some states absolutely prohibit such fees.
Some states accept certification from Texas with no additional requirements.
Some states act Some states did take action.
Some states actively promote unregulated and unlimited prairie dog shooting for sport.
Some states actually build infrastructures around attracting certain industries.
Some states actually have a law which requires the insurance companies to pay for it.
Some states actually have names for six different sizes of beer glass.
Some states actually have regulations that outlaw having a ferret as a pet.
Some states actually have to import sand to make concrete.
Some states actually prohibit notaries from notarizing for their family members.
Some states add additional tax benefits for their residents.
Some states add beans to the tortilla before adding the meat on top, tastes great either way.
Some states add sales tax.
Some states add what is known as a supplement.
Some states administer their own pipeline safety programs for intra-state pipelines.
Some states admit in their plans that their accountability systems aren t fully developed yet.
Some states advise anglers to limit their consumption of eels from contaminated waters.
Some states affect decisions.
Some states affect performance.
Some states affect surfaces.
Some states affect system performance.
Some states allow a minor to complete an organ donation form.
Some states allow a wide variety of treatments with little formal regulation.
Some states allow additional fees for computer records.
Some states allow all registered voters to vote in primaries regardless of their affiliation.
Some states allow anonymous testing.
Some states allow any person meeting the certification criteria to perform the inspection.
Some states allow applicants to substitute work experience for a college degree.
Some states allow attorneys to handle the adoption from start to finish.
Some states allow community colleges to grant charters.
Some states allow constituent e-mails during floor sessions, others don t.
Some states allow consumers to select per-line blocking.
Some states allow coops to pay non-member investors dividends as well.
Some states allow credit for classes taken over the Internet.
Some states allow drivers to keep any deer that they hit and kill with their car.
Some states allow evictions, usually when the lease runs out.
Some states allow extensions of the income tax filing deadline as well.
Some states allow first cousins to marry.
Some states allow for a jury to assess damages based generally on reputational harm.
Some states allow for accelerated licensing.
Some states allow for conversions of existing public schools to charter schools.
Some states allow for less than a unanimous verdict in some civil cases.
Some states allow for local income tax, in addition to state income tax.
Some states allow for medical, legal and living expenses for the birth couple.
Some states allow for the optional assessing of the employees for part of the insurance cost.
Some states allow gratuities to be taxed on banquet checks.
Some states allow homeschool athletes to play on public school teams.
Some states allow informal as well as formal proceedings.
Some states allow inhouse counsel to handle transactional matters.
Some states allow initiative measures in any general, primary or special election.
Some states allow it, others don t.
Some states allow lawyers to take their continuing education credits through online courses.
Some states allow legal title to the property pass to the killer in spite of the crime.
Some states allow LLCs to add new members if the articles of organization so provide.
Some states allow local communities to tax real property.
Some states allow mail-in applications, and some require applications to be submitted in person.
Some states allow massage therapists to treat animals.
Some states allow misdemeanor assault convictions for yelling at someone.
Some states allow names that can cause confusion.
Some states allow non-state residents to invest in the program.
Some states allow nurse-midwives to deliver children at the parents' home or at a birthing center.
Some states allow one to purchase needles without a prescription.
Some states allow only certified teachers.
Some states allow only homogeneous groups , where all members are in the same industry.
Some states allow only relatives and some allow friends as well.
Some states allow only sheriffs, marshals and constables to serve process.
Some states allow people with moderate low vision to drive when using telescopic devices.
Some states allow permit applicants to file the application electronically.
Some states allow podiatrists to work on the entire leg.
Some states allow police to stop vehicles solely for belt law violations.
Some states allow private firms to seek charter status themselves, reports the paper.
Some states allow registration at voting time.
Some states allow relatives of murder victims to watch executions on closed-circuit television.
Some states allow second-parent adoptions.
Some states allow sentences to be augmented.
Some states allow service by registered or certified mail.
Some states allow specific state forms to be filed instead.
Some States allow sponsors flexibility in project management requirements.
Some states allow straight party voting.
Some states allow student permits at age fifteen.
Some States allow substitution of suitable work experience for college education.
Some states allow taxpayers to use a checkoff to make a donation by adding on to the taxes they owe.
Some states allow the birthmother's living expenses during the pregnancy to be covered as well.
Some states allow the community spouse to keep all countable assets up to the federal maximum.
Some states allow the customer to register there trailer before delivery.
Some states allow the health care professional or provider to determine patient's right of access.
Some states allow the lawyers to directly question each juror.
Some states allow the purchase of both rifles and handguns without any form of prior licence.
Some states allow the use of bioptic telescopes for driving.
Some states allow the use of either their specific state standards or federal standards.
Some States allow their residents to use their grant programs at Pennsylvania institutions.
Some states allow trout fishing year-round.
Some states allow trusts only for dogs and cats.
Some states allow voters to fax the applications and, in some cases, even the ballots.
Some states allow, or even require, review by another public official before an appeal to a court.
Some states already allow tax credits for contributions to charities that serve the poor.
Some states already have a moratorium on executions.
Some States already have amendments approved to their plans.
Some states already have confidential assistance programs.
Some states already have experience using translators.
Some States already have experience using translators.
Some states already have greater protection as a matter of state constitutional interpretation.
Some states already have lead paint disclosure provisions in sale and lease contracts.
Some states already have pre-certification tests.
Some states already have primary offense laws.
Some states already have whistleblower protection legislation.
Some states already limit jet skis to certain parts of rivers and lakes.
Some states already mandate criminal background checks.
Some states already require a certain minimum and maximum number of students in each class.
Some states already require an annual teacher education report card.
Some states also accept written statements by the client or a friend.
Some states also address tip credits.
Some states also administer a rental assistance program.
Some states also allow existing public or nonsectarian private schools to convert to charter status.
Some states also allow state tax credits for adopting families.
Some states also allow tenancy by the entirety .
Some states also allow trusts to file such returns.
Some states also allow unsupervised probate.
Some states also are more active in overseeing health plans than others.
Some states also authorize a variety of other surrogates, including close friends.
Some states also benefit from large grants from businesses or philanthropies.
Some states also boast a coat of arms.
Some states also cap support at a certain income level.
Some states also certify laboratories for drug testing.
Some states also charge for copies of files.
Some states also do a better job of gathering statistics.
Some states also do additional testing on clinical competency.
Some States also do additional testing on clinical competency.
Some states also enforce their own labeling regulations.
Some states also exclude domestic workers, farm workers, and independent contractors.
Some states also give the victim the right to testify at a criminal defendant's sentencing.
Some states also grant certification in specialties such as natural childbirth or acupuncture.
Some states also grant credit for property and casualty agents.
Some states also grant varying degrees of immunity to companies that disclose environmental audits.
Some states also have a visual field requirement.
Some states also have additional professional designations for accountants.
Some states also have an intermediate level of appeal.
Some states also have anti-referral legislation in varying degrees.
Some states also have civil rights laws prohibiting discriminatory practices.
Some States also have extensive firefighter training and certification programs.
Some States also have extensive firefighter training programs.
Some states also have fees.
Some states also have historical maps and satellite images available.
Some states also have laws against inhaling nitrous for intoxication purposes.
Some states also have laws governing conduct of research with animals.
Some states also have laws regarding the sending of unsolicited commercial email.
Some states also have laws that provide protection from discrimination in housing.
Some states also have loan programs.
Some States also have low cost dental and eye care schemes for the aged.
Some states also have particular interests in certain kinds of property.
Some states also have regional development boards.
Some states also have specific requirements for the use of biosolids.
Some states also have telephone numbers for information.
Some states also have their own death and inheritance taxes.
Some states also have their own grant programs for fire and emergency service agencies.
Some states also have their supplements in separate volumes or at the beginning of each volume.
Some states also have whistleblowing statues.
Some states also have work-study programs.
Some states also honor living wills.
Some states also impose various taxes that effect estates or inheritances.
Some states also levy taxes on business property and inventory.
Some states also limit the number of passengers a new driver can cart around at a time.
Some states also mandate a death benefit and financial support to dependents.
Some states also mandate screening all women at delivery.
Some states also offer an employment service to assist both members and their potential clients.
Some states also offer licensing examinations or programs for recreation therapists.
Some states also offer tax breaks for residents of their state.
Some states also offer tax incentives.
Some states also permit the tenant to remain in possession and pay rent into escrow with the court.
Some states also post the fines for unauthorized parking.
Some states also produce mail lists printed on label format.
Some states also produce special limited editions for collectors.
Some states also prohibit direct grants to private enterprise.
Some states also prohibit home-based businesses from making food, drink or clothing.
Some states also prohibit prizes of gift certificates with expiration dates.
Some states also prohibit the production of food, drink, and clothing in a person's home.
Some states also provide additional funding.
Some states also provide for referendum voting.
Some States also provide insurance for very small groups or the self-employed.
Some States also provide teaching materials other than textbooks to non-public schools.
Some states also raise funds through vehicle licensing fees.
Some states also recognize transfer on death deeds for real estate.
Some states also regulate the parts per million of contamination in the used absorbents.
Some states also regulate the practice in their jurisdictions.
Some states also require a lit light at the back.
Some states also require advertisements to sell franchises to be filed or approved prior to running.
Some states also require an oral examination once the written exam is passed.
Some states also require athletic trainers to be licensed.
Some states also require home health-related organizations to be licensed.
Some states also require licensure for administrators in assisted-living facilities.
Some states also require minimum mental health benefits, as described below.
Some states also require notarized forms or releases, while others require fingerprints.
Some states also require opticians to pass state-specific practical exams.
Some states also require passing a practical examination in addition to the written board exam.
Some states also require private and parochial teachers to be certified.
Some states also require recertification or other training for private applicators.
Some states also require residents to pay estimated taxes.
Some states also require sales tax on shipping charges.
Some states also require that a new spouse's name automatically be added to the lease.
Some states also require that signatures be witnessed or notarized.
Some states also require work experience.
Some states also sanction low-performing schools.
Some states also specify additional requirements for IEPs.
Some states also tax shipping and handling charges in addition to the merchandise.
Some states also tax the sale of services.
Some states also validate the financial data of their state grant recipients.
Some states alter properties.
Some states appear to be making progress.
Some states appear to be much more successful than others are at achieving it.
Some states approach the funding of higher education from a more programmatic basis.
Some states approve plans annually and are gearing up to approve new technology plans.
Some states are ahead of others in using the Internet for government service delivery.
Some states are already close to that.
Some states are also available in a shaded relief version.
Some states are also double-checking gun buyers in addition to federal background checks.
Some states are better at protecting groundwater than others.
Some states are better than others about getting information online.
Some states are better, some are worse.
Some states are bolder.
Some states are caused by heat.
Some states are clearly more cautious than others in the number of charter schools they allow.
Some states are community property states.
Some states are complete, while others are partially done, but in process.
Some states are democracies , ruled by the people, who vote on what to do.
Some states are especially generous to retirees.
Some states are even more aggressive.
Some states are even more dependent on coal for electricity generation.
Some states are even more particular.
Some States are far along in the process of migra-tion, others have much work to do.
Some states are harder hit than others.
Some states are in dire straits.
Some states are just more amateurish than others.
Some states are larger due to the number of active control points in the state.
Some states are less rigid in enforcing antiabortion statutes than others.
Some states are likely to conform to the federal legislation.
Some states are limited in what they can spend.
Some states are more advanced than others.
Some states are more aggressive about new legislation than others.
Some states are more enthusiastic for the death penalty than others.
Some states are more prolific than others.
Some states are more prone to problems than others.
Some states are more prone to victimization by tornadoes and hurricanes than others.
Some states are more receptive to innovation than others.
Some states are more restrictive than others.
Some states are more selective in giving credit for military experience.
Some states are more strict than others when it comes to auxiliary lighting.
Some states are more stringent on their sales tax reporting and rougher with penalties and interest.
Some states are much more restrictive than others.
Some states are neutral and some states completely outlaw it.
Some states are particularly hard hit.
Some states are quicker than others with processing times.
Some states are quite restrictive in their specific permitted functions.
Some states are really more intense and significant politically than are others.
Some states are rewarding results and punishing failure in hopes of assuring that children learn.
Some states are worth more than others, of course.
Some states ask claimants about the type of work that they do.
Some states assess a personal property tax on automobiles and other valuable property.
Some states assess on only a portion of the home's value.
Some states assign an internal advocate for small schools within the state department of education.
Some states assign formal sponsorship numbers.
Some States assist grantees in providing all or part of the non-federal share.
Some states attempt to classify land according to some measure of mineral resource potential.
Some states await the return of specific birds.
Some states ban abortion in public facilities.
Some states ban alcohol and a permit is needed to possess, use or carry it.
Some states ban teens from driving at night until they become more experienced behind the wheel.
Some states ban the feeding of garbage to livestock slaughtered for food.
Some States ban the use of detergents containing high amounts of phosphates.
Some states base future prison capacity needs on the children's literacy rate.
Some states begin to institute teacher certification programs and standardize curricula.
Some states believe that if the marriage is over, then lets move on.
Some states bind their electors to vote for the candidate they pledged to vote for.
Some states build plants that meet only minimum environmental requirements.
Some states call an operating agreement regulations or a member control agreement.
Some states call for assessment and goal-setting for students.
Some states can have values.
Some states can point to successful public networks, others to dismal failures.
Some states can raise taxes without even raising rates.
Some states can require people to pay more if the program's losses warrant it.
Some states capture primary use data.
Some states cause confusion.
Some states celebrate on the tradition date.
Some states change protocols.
Some states charge a flat fee, while others base it on the specific vehicle registered.
Some states charge a sliding scale fee based on parents' ability to pay.
Some states charge no inheritance tax and others levy one percent or more.
Some states charge sales tax even on items ordered from other states.
Some states charge ten to twenty dollars per mile an hour over the speed limit.
Some States choose to list larger watersheds, others list smaller stream segments.
Some states claim that's much too long.
Some States classify parents with other relatives.
Some States clearly define that teachers, principals, nurses, and counselors are included.
Some states clearly prohibit direct shipment.
Some states clip fins on hatchery fish to make the distinction easier.
Some states collect a few percentage points on every sale.
Some states collect DNA from all violent convicts, and four others collect samples from all felons.
Some states combine barbering and cosmetology licenses into one .
Some states combine barbering and cosmetology licenses into one.
Some states combine the two documents.
Some states conduct extensive sampling while others do much less.
Some states conduct their own arborist certification programs.
Some states consider an adopted child to be a lineal descendant.
Some states consider data a tangible asset, and therefore a company can sue to recover damages.
Some states consider employee handbooks the equivalent of employment contracts.
Some states consider income of the custodial parent.
Some states consider keeping a stray without following the appropriate ordinances as theft.
Some states continue reintroduction efforts, and two methods are generally used.
Some states continue to face liquidity problems and the risk of incurring payment arrears.
Some States continue to record the sampling and testing data in units of English measurement.
Some States continue to stonewall on requests for DNA testing.
Some states contribute supplementary funding.
Some states create infrastructures.
Some states create physical infrastructures.
Some states currently offer Corporate kit Package only.
Some states currently offer tax credits for hiring employees who have certain characteristics.
Some states deal solely with the disclosure made to investors.
Some states define corrosivity as being a solid, as well as an aqueous or liquid property.
Some states define delegation and specify guidelines, procedures, and nurse responsibilities.
Some states define dependency much broader.
Some states define the monetary value of a pet for litigation or insurance purposes.
Some states design a receptacle embellished with the state's anti-litter symbol.
Some states determine outcomes.
Some states determine the fees based on the value of the assets passing through probate.
Some states determine the fees based upon the value of the assets passing through probate.
Some states determine ultimate outcomes.
Some states determine which predominates, goods or services.
Some states dictate that the employer or a covering insurance plan pay for rehabilitation.
Some states didn t carry it at all.
Some states do allow for very extensive vocational rehabilitation.
Some states do allow patients to use marijuana to alleviate the pain of their illnesses.
Some states do allow private employers to give employees comp time instead of cash.
Some states do allow the use of non-school bus vehicles to transport students.
Some states do both.
Some states do consider latex paint a hazardous waste.
Some states do give the beneficiary certain rights.
Some states do have a higher score requirement.
Some states do have age restrictions.
Some states do have smaller, left side unit awards.
Some states do have state registrations of certain insecticides.
Some states do have such legislation in place.
Some states do it with driver's licenses.
Some states do no allow chemicals to be used on wildlife.
Some states do nothing.
Some states do prohibit the mutilation of cadavers, though.
Some states do regulate the transport of cremated remains.
Some states do require a proper registration.
Some states do require licensing.
Some states do require reporting of cases of poisoning by lead and pesticides.
Some states do require the police, etc., to give some cooperation.
Some states do their own certification.
Some states do, however, offer other ways to legally bind the state.
Some states do.
Some states don t allow ferrets to be kept as pets.
Some states draw boundaries around prime areas for future development.
Some states earmark the money for special purposes.
Some states elect to submit an annual report.
Some states employ their own inspectors.
Some states enhance activations.
Some states establish excessive regulations, whereas others have no regulations at all.
Some states establish mandatory standards, while others set voluntary standards or guidelines.
Some states even allow counties to develop their own qualification criteria.
Some states even allow interpreters.
Some states even conduct war against parts of their own civilian population.
Some states even contract with private schools to serve neglected and abused children.
Some states even disclose how much an individual company benefits from the incentives.
Some states even have lemon laws for used cars.
Some states even have variable speed limits which change for weather conditions.
Some states even offer their residents some state tax advantages.
Some states even pay for medical leave days in such situations.
Some states even permit online registration.
Some states even permit residents to deduct contributions to QSTPs on their state tax returns.
Some states even prohibit executors from handling probate without a lawyer's assistance.
Some states even provide boat and snowmobile licensing and registration on-line or over the phone.
Some states even require a business to have a street address.
Some states even require name changes to be publicly announced in a local newspaper.
Some states even require proof of a hunting safety course.
Some states even train auditors to deal with several different types of taxes.
Some states exclude applicants based on other factors.
Some states exempt all clothing and food purchases from sales tax.
Some States exempt all or a portion of retired pay from income taxation.
Some states expel teens from school, deny drivers' licenses, impose fines and even jail youths.
Some states explain patterns.
Some states explicitly allow full recovery regardless of the intended allocation of the proceeds.
Some states explicitly prohibit the use of commercial brand names in textbooks.
Some states export the produce of other states.
Some states face the problem of controlling their borders against infiltration.
Some states face virtually no federally mandated work requirement.
Some states favor joint announcements by the departing attorney and the former firm.
Some States feature regular social gatherings.
Some states find that disclosure limitations hamper the data's use and effectiveness.
Some states flatly prohibit methadone maintenance.
Some states focus solely on the status of the injured visitor to the property.
Some states focus upon, solely, the status of the injured visitor to the property.
Some states forbid merchants to record credit or charge card account numbers.
Some states forbid outright outsourcing work on infrastructure projects.
Some states forbid rollovers.
Some states forbid the assignment of homework on certain religious holidays.
Some states fund their universities better than others.
Some states gain, some lose, most stay the same.
Some states get grants from the richer states.
Some states get more food assistance than other states.
Some states get more than half of their revenues from sales taxes.
Some states give a real estate specialist certification to qualified counsel.
Some states give an income tax credit for food.
Some states give charter schools considerable autonomy, while other states exercise more control.
Some states give citizens both breaks.
Some states give the prisoner a choice between being fried, poisoned or shot.
Some states go as far as to require the notification of both parents.
Some states go even further.
Some states go further and prohibit all client contact, whether in person, in writing, or by phone.
Some states go further and restrict coverage to a few limited classes of medications.
Some states go to the aid of others who are in trouble.
Some states grant different licenses for school, counseling, and clinical psychologists.
Some states grant greater protection to debtors than others.
Some states grant licenses to some graduates of unaccredited social work programs.
Some states grant private protective agents a limited power of arrest.
Some states have a checkered record of enforcement, letting slide even egregious pollution problems.
Some states have a different rule for sales of goods to consumers.
Some states have a fish inspection program.
Some states have a history of getting it right.
Some states have a history of sufficient donor levels to meet, or almost meet, in-state demand.
Some states have a hunting season for game birds such as pheasant, ducks and quail.
Some states have a judicial foreclosure process.
Some states have a land board consisting of elected officials such as the governor and treasurer.
Some states have a large number of subscribers, other few or none.
Some states have a largely compact shape but with an elongated extension.
Some states have a law that requires such a report.
Some States have a methadone registry that also can provide information on heroin addicts.
Some states have a minimum requirement for the amount of hours spent per day on home schools.
Some states have a modified form of comparative negligence.
Some states have a monopoly on hard liquor sales.
Some states have a much higher exposure to uninsured motorist than other states.
Some states have a nonpartisan redistricting system.
Some states have a requirement that the insurer provide it.
Some states have a school records law, too.
Some states have a separate licensure process as well.
Some states have a separate rehabilitation agency for the blind and visually impaired.
Some states have a single LATA, others have several.
Some states have a sliding scale based on the revenue of the charity.
Some states have a specific advance directive form.
Some states have a standardized training course for anyone who wants to be a dispatcher.
Some States have a third choice.
Some states have a toll free hot line.
Some states have a variation of the law.
Some states have a website or make their e-mail addresses accessible for information inquiries.
Some states have a well-oiled system of searching for and neutralising terrorists.
Some states have absolutely no disability benefits.
Some states have additional chemicals required under their programs.
Some States have additional environmental requirements of their own.
Some states have additional legal requirements.
Some states have additional payment limits.
Some states have additional prohibitions.
Some States have additional requirements before an enrollment is considered complete.
Some states have additional requirements for employers.
Some states have additional requirements for written contracts.
Some states have additional requirements.
Some states have additional restrictions on the killing of blackbirds.
Some states have additional state issued animal waste permits for agriculture.
Some states have additional warranty rights for consumers.
Some states have age limits, life jacket requirements and other regulations.
Some states have ages.
Some states have agreement.
Some states have alternative proofs of ownership.
Some states have alternatives to discipline.
Some states have ammunition.
Some states have an alarming rate of dogs that are in rescue.
Some states have an exhaustive collection of records.
Some states have an individual inheritance tax.
Some states have applications and brochures that can be down loaded from the Web.
Some states have as many as four.
Some states have auction sales throughout the year.
Some states have better coverage than others.
Some states have bicycle helmet legislation requiring helmets to be worn.
Some states have bootleg statutes much like the federal one.
Some states have border inspection and other states rely on individual compliance with the law.
Some states have border inspections off all animals, some only do spot checks.
Some states have both the index and the record on film.
Some states have both.
Some states have breeds.
Some states have capped awards for punitive damages.
Some states have certain licensure requirements.
Some states have certification programs for radon measurement and mitigation.
Some States have cities with identical names.
Some states have close corporation statutes.
Some states have constitutional or statutory provisions which provide for a grand jury indictment.
Some states have consumer groups available to assist patients with appeals.
Some states have cost share programs for litter-storage structures.
Some states have county names on their plates.
Some states have court-administered bail bond procedures.
Some states have coverage for the entire state.
Some states have criminal penalties for anyone who violates the surrogate parent law.
Some states have criminal penalties for counterfeiting marks.
Some states have different kinds of restraining orders.
Some states have different patterns that have interpretations unique to that state.
Some states have different rules that are more favorable to the employee.
Some states have different tiers of laws depending upon when the injury occurred.
Some States have different types of memberships.
Some states have direct effects.
Some states have direct regulation of one sort or another.
Some states have dramatic effects.
Some states have drought.
Some states have easier requirements to form a corporation over others.
Some states have effects.
Some states have even more stringent standards.
Some states have even stricter limits.
Some states have exceptions for conscientious objectors.
Some states have exemptions for larger insureds.
Some states have extensive disclosure requirements on leases and sales.
Some states have extensive monitoring while others do very little or nothing.
Some states have few papers listed.
Some states have fields.
Some states have financial interest.
Some states have financial loan programs established through other funding.
Some states have fish regulations.
Some states have five or six reports.
Some states have forensic evaluation services available statewide through large contracts.
Some states have full-text capability.
Some states have funds set up to assist home owners with bad well water.
Some States have funds set up to assist home owners with bad well water.
Some states have games.
Some states have general statutes of limitation that can be applied to divorce actions.
Some states have good measures of what they do in their own classrooms.
Some states have handbooks for new legislators.
Some states have health information.
Some states have health plan shopper's guides.
Some states have high college continuation rates, but low high school graduation rates.
Some states have high stakes accountability for schools.
Some states have high stakes testing as a graduation requirement for students.
Some states have high standards, some states have lax standards or no enforcement capability.
Some states have higher average scores because they have relatively few students taking the test.
Some states have higher noncoverage rates than others.
Some States have higher or lower award limits.
Some states have hives.
Some states have home improvement laws that specify the amount of deposit and payment schedule.
Some states have import regulations for live fish based on disease status.
Some states have incentive programs that are tied to tuition and financial aid.
Some states have incorporation records online.
Some states have individual licensing programs for construction and building inspectors.
Some states have information.
Some states have in-state territory guidelines unless the course is unique.
Some states have instructions or help files explaining the methods they use.
Some states have interactive games.
Some states have interest.
Some states have investigative services devoted specifically to Internet-related crimes.
Some states have just one marathon a year.
Some states have label regulations.
Some states have land contracts, which are a little different, but they can be sold.
Some states have land trusts, while others are actually purchasing parks.
Some states have law marriages.
Some states have laws against the use of snow chains.
Some states have laws against the use of studded snow tires.
Some states have laws as to when to pull plug.
Some states have laws automatically transferring a youth to adult court under certain conditions.
Some states have laws concerning comp time.
Some states have laws giving extra protection to used car buyers.
Some states have laws or constitutions granting people in institutions a right to treatment.
Some states have laws prohibiting discrimination against people who have a criminal record.
Some states have laws prohibiting slamming.
Some states have laws prohibiting such practices.
Some states have laws prohibiting the sale of puppies younger than eight weeks of age.
Some states have laws regarding appeals.
Some states have laws regulating land developers.
Some states have laws regulating the reselling industry.
Some states have laws regulating the ticket reselling industry.
Some states have laws requiring any business that sells oil to take used oil back from consumers.
Some states have laws requiring controlled substances to be listed on separate prescription pages.
Some states have laws requiring the bureaus to provide one free credit report per year.
Some states have laws specifically aimed at dishonest contractors.
Some states have laws that address smoking in the workplace.
Some states have laws that apply to older teens as well.
Some states have laws that are more stringent.
Some states have laws that give consumers additional rights.
Some states have laws that prohibit children under a certain age being left alone.
Some states have laws that provide partial protection.
Some states have laws that regulate check cashers.
Some states have laws that regulate drug-testing programs.
Some states have laws that regulate the fee structure and services by retail firms.
Some states have laws that require employers to give employees access to personnel files.
Some states have laws that require parental consent or notification when a teen seeks an abortion.
Some states have laws that require sexuality education in public schools.
Some states have laws that specifically mention bats, either providing or denying protection.
Some states have laws that void such a vote and immediately replace the elector.
Some states have laws which differ from the federal approach.
Some states have legislation affecting ownership of cats.
Some states have legislation around cultural and linguistic competency.
Some states have legislative restrictions on electors.
Some states have lemon laws that pertain to some used cars.
Some states have less conflict rules about league and school seasons game days.
Some states have licensing at the local level only.
Some states have licensing, bonding or other requirements that apply to travel agents.
Some states have limited coverage.
Some states have limits on bottles per order.
Some states have little effects.
Some states have little to no experience in the regulation of trust companies.
Some states have low cost prescription programs based on income.
Some states have lower tax rates for a taxpayer's principal residence.
Some states have mandatory lead screening for young children.
Some states have mandatory or voluntary firefighter training and certification programs.
Some states have mandatory statewide building codes.
Some states have many more prekindergarten programs sponsored by public schools than does Oregon.
Some states have many records online.
Some states have many tiers of payment rates, some have two.
Some states have marriages.
Some states have military restrictions.
Some states have minimum age requirements for drivers.
Some states have minimum ages.
Some states have model curricular standards for all their districts.
Some states have more complete information than others.
Some states have more generous requirements than others.
Some states have more information available than others.
Some states have more strict regulations than others.
Some states have more than half their land locked up in federal and state wildlife preserves.
Some states have more than one charter.
Some states have more than one cricket team.
Some states have more than one district and an approximate area is shaded.
Some states have more than one local club.
Some states have more than one no-fault ground.
Some states have more than one official state song .
Some states have more than one official state song.
Some states have more than one team per sport representing different cities.
Some states have much shorter ones.
Some states have much stricter environmental standards than others.
Some states have multiple base lines and prime meridians.
Some states have multiple respresentatives.
Some states have no age restrictions.
Some states have no court reporting programs.
Some states have no enforcement authority or have no penalty structure for violations.
Some states have no medical facilities mentioned at all.
Some states have no minimum bid at tax lien auction sales.
Some states have no minimum bid at tax lien sales.
Some states have no minimum bid at tax-lien auction sales.
Some states have no plans to switch to daytime executions.
Some states have no regulations concerning teacher assignment.
Some states have no statutory provision at all.
Some states have no such requirement.
Some states have no-fault systems that contain a cap on damages.
Some states have none.
Some states have numerous support links.
Some states have obligation.
Some states have official state reporters of decisions who publish the opinions.
Some states have one management organization while others have many local associations.
Some states have online computer curricula as well.
Some states have only a few employees while others have many.
Some states have only one chapter, which is then also the state component.
Some states have only one or the other, but many have both.
Some states have only one or two protections.
Some states have only one.
Some states have only statutes and some states have only regulations.
Some states have options.
Some states have other deadlines such as one-year periods.
Some states have other documents that can provide useful information.
Some states have other fees.
Some states have other taxes based upon the value of deposits or shares.
Some states have other ways of making coverage more accessible.
Some states have partial data, a few have none, and some have complete information.
Some states have periodic drought.
Some states have policies designed to help faculty.
Some states have price preferences for various social programs.
Some states have profound effects.
Some states have programs of gathering county records into the state archives.
Some states have programs that favor certain categories, such as minority ownership of a business.
Some states have programs that pay individuals for damage to livestock.
Some States have programs to purchase development rights from farmland owners.
Some states have prohibit marriages.
Some states have protections for a purchaser of a used car.
Some States have protocols for medical examiners to follow.
Some States have provisions for break times in their labor codes.
Some states have provisions requiring treatment of condemned prisoners who become mentally ill.
Some states have reciprocity agreements.
Some states have reciprocity with other states such as Ohio and Michigan.
Some states have regional training academies that are available to local agencies.
Some States have regional training academies which are available to local agencies.
Some states have registration deadlines, so check soon.
Some states have regulations.
Some States have relatively manageable prison population.
Some states have renewable portfolio standards.
Some states have requirements for licensure, registration or certification as well.
Some states have residency requirements.
Some states have respite care programs.
Some states have restrictions on the use of certain pesticides.
Some States have restrictions on the use of certain pesticides.
Some states have restrictions on using information about convictions.
Some states have restrictions on what type of home employment can be done.
Some states have retail competition, i.e., customers choose their electricity suppliers.
Some states have rules restricting claims for falls on snow and ice.
Some states have rules that are favorable to certification.
Some states have rules that vary slightly from the text of the ABA Model Rule.
Some states have sales throughout the year.
Some States have search and consent procedures called confidential intermediary systems .
Some states have seasons that are closed during spawning season.
Some states have sentence options.
Some States have separate agencies for individuals who are blind and visually impaired.
Some states have separate bureaus that handle only motor vehicle problems.
Some states have separate laws for used vehicles.
Some states have separate systems for water and for wastewater certificates.
Some states have several clubs, located in major population centers.
Some States have several.
Some states have similar laws for smaller employers.
Some states have similar legal resource web sites that focus on basic state law.
Some states have similar programs.
Some states have similar test requirements.
Some states have simple designs representative of their state.
Some states have simple, central filing.
Some states have slaves.
Some states have slightly more generous laws.
Some States have solid waste bans in place for all mercury-containing devices.
Some States have special juvenile courts that are separate from adult courts.
Some states have special laws to protect manufactured homes owners.
Some states have special proceedings to handle such occurrences.
Some states have special requirements for adoptive parents.
Some states have special rules for the order in which candidates appear.
Some States have special training academies.
Some states have specialist interlibrary loans and cataloguing groups as well.
Some states have specific driver training requirements for bioptic drivers.
Some states have specific laws allowing a health care power of attorney and provide printed forms.
Some states have specific laws allowing a health care power of attorney, and provide printed forms.
Some states have specific laws allowing health care power of attorney, and provide printed forms.
Some states have specific laws regulating invention development companies.
Some states have specific regulations for professional fund-raisers used by charities.
Some states have specific requirements for neutrals.
Some states have specific requirements.
Some states have state funding.
Some states have state-administered programs.
Some states have statistics on certain aspects of case timeliness.
Some states have statutes to look to when determining whether such a clause is enforceable.
Some states have statutory or regulatory definitions.
Some States have strict guidelines, while others have none.
Some states have strict rules and regular inspections.
Some states have strict rules regarding roadside signs.
Some states have stricter limits on doctors' charges.
Some states have stricter limits on physician charges.
Some states have stricter regulations concerning homeschool than others.
Some states have such plans.
Some States have such requirements.
Some states have surprisingly high rates of rabies cases.
Some states have takeover laws.
Some states have the data on their web site.
Some states have the death penalty, and Texas, for one, uses it frequently.
Some states have the death penalty.
Some states have the same city name more than once.
Some states have their own certification program related to their code of regulations.
Some states have their own courts of claim.
Some states have their own equivalent access laws for state records.
Some states have their own laws protecting employees from retaliation and specifying payment.
Some states have their own regulations pertaining to contact lenses.
Some states have their own reporter, which exclusively publishes the decisions of that state.
Some states have their own rules that classify entities for tax purposes.
Some states have their own standards for different facility types.
Some states have their own tests.
Some states have their own withholding rules, as well.
Some states have their scores set higher than any others in the nation.
Some states have their statutes listed.
Some states have thresholds.
Some states have tuition equalization programs to assist kids who attend private schools.
Some states have two categories for habitual offenders.
Some states have two.
Some states have types.
Some states have unemployment.
Some states have unfair competition laws that address piracy.
Some states have unisex rates.
Some states have very advanced programs, others less so.
Some States have very liberal requirements, or none at all, while others have stringent regulations.
Some States have very liberal requirements, while others have stringent regulations.
Some states have very little in the way of public records online.
Some states have very narrow definitions while others are very broad.
Some states have very old statutes which provide for such appointments.
Some states have web resources for the agencies that regulate hunting.
Some states have what is known as sub-metering laws.
Some states have worker protections which exceed federal standards.
Some states have worker protections which exceeds federal standards.
Some states have yet to adopt the new definitions.
Some states haven t heard what South Dakota is doing with computer education.
Some states help families care for frail elderly at home.
Some states hold caucuses while others have primaries.
Some states hold contests to choose the art for their stamps.
Some states hold districts rather than schools accountable for performance.
Some states identify industry clusters through interviews with firms about their suppliers.
Some states impose a net worth tax on each corporation operating in the state.
Some states impose a separate gift tax, on top of the federal gift tax.
Some States impose a specific age requirement for child witnesses.
Some states impose additional licensing and disclosure requirements.
Some states impose additional recordkeeping requirements.
Some states impose additional state taxes on capital gains to widely varying degrees.
Some states impose significant educational requirements.
Some states impose stiffer restrictions.
Some states impose their very own universal service fees, too.
Some states induce voltage.
Some states inspect rides regularly and require accident reports.
Some states interpret a mortgage as being purely a lien on real property.
Some states involve energy.
Some states involve negative energy.
Some states issue a completion card unique to their state.
Some states issue a document that is the title and registration combined.
Some states issue bonds for technology infrastructure costs.
Some states keep records of how many complaints a health plan has received.
Some states keep tuitions high, but make up for it by providing more aid to their students.
Some states kill pests.
Some states lack enabling legislation.
Some states lead in innovation.
Some states lead nations.
Some states lead to hallucination.
Some states lean in favor of full access.
Some states legalize title loans.
Some states let charter schools work fairly independently, while other states use more control.
Some states let investors deduct all or part of the contributions from state taxes.
Some states let one person do it all.
Some states limit charters to three years.
Some states limit the amount of liquidated or agreed damages.
Some states limit the amount of security deposit to no more than two months' rent.
Some states limit the number of kids who can ride with a teenage driver.
Some states limit the number of youngsters who can ride with a teen-age driver.
Some states limit the practice of hypnosis or hypnotherapy to licensed therapists only.
Some states limit the range of categories of products that can display an organic label.
Some states limit the sale of living trust services to attorneys.
Some states limit the spread on a board.
Some states limit the time during which the entry permit is valid.
Some states link interstate numbers to mile markers.
Some states list delinquent child support payments.
Some states maintain computerized registries of protective orders in their state.
Some states maintain computerized registries of protective orders issued in their state.
Some states maintain databases with information on instructional aides.
Some states maintain their own certification programs.
Some states maintain their own directories.
Some states maintain their own site lists and have their own cleanup programs.
Some states maintain vocational education libraries.
Some states make an evil defendant pay winner's fees.
Some states make it difficult to access a safe deposit box after the depositor has died.
Some states make it illegal even to own a breed of dog that has been declared vicious.
Some states make it illegal even to own a dog that's been declared vicious.
Some states make offering benefits optional.
Some states make officers and directors personally liable for the penalties.
Some states make parents financially responsible for damage caused by their children.
Some states make their registry of sex offenders available on the Internet.
Some states mandate a certain level of support for minors or children attending school.
Some states mandate additional formal training for jobs that involve serving alcohol.
Some states mandate short-term disability benefits as well.
Some states mandate that agricultural contracts contain arbitration or mediation clauses.
Some states mix the sentence, imposing both a juvenile and an adult sentence.
Some states notify communities of the presence of a sex offender under certain circumstances.
Some states now allow pet owners to create trusts to provide for their animals.
Some states now ban the sale of kerosene heaters for home use.
Some states now broker with the providers for all the school districts.
Some states now charge a fee for soil fertility testing yet provide less information.
Some states now grant special charters that allow nonbanks to conduct commercial lending activities.
Some states now have laws mandating insurance coverage of the expensive special low protein foods.
Some states now have statutes limiting contingent fees in medical malpractice cases.
Some states now regulate water use to prevent severe declines in ground-water levels.
Some states now require a BA degree as a prerequisite to licensure.
Some states now require additional training in medical ethics for licensure.
Some states now require health plans to include stop-loss provisions in their capitated contracts.
Some states now require refrigeration of eggs from the producer to the consumer.
Some states now require their teachers to acquire master's degrees for second-stage certification.
Some states now require thumb prints to minimize forged signatures.
Some states now save DNA data from convicted criminals.
Some states now sponsor qualified state tuition programs.
Some states now suggest taking a soil sample to a shallower depth for no-till.
Some states now support effective nest-monitoring and programs to release young birds into the wild.
Some states observe additional flag days.
Some states observe both days.
Some states offer a friendlier regulatory environment than others.
Some states offer coverage for property damage as part of the uninsured motorist coverage.
Some states offer databases containing the records.
Some states offer educational grants to students from that state.
Some states offer fee arbitration services for clients.
Some states offer financial assistance to agencies who participate in recycling efforts.
Some states offer financial incentives for wind development projects, too.
Some states offer grants to budding watershed associations.
Some states offer grants to students studying in Pennsylvania.
Some states offer higher subsidies to centers with strong records of compliance with regulations.
Some states offer investment and enterprise zone tax credits, as well as sales tax exemptions.
Some states offer job training, education, child care subsidies, life skills classes, and more.
Some states offer lifetime fishing licenses for residents.
Some states offer miles for sales only.
Some states offer property tax relief for the certified rehabilitation of historic buildings.
Some states offer similar programs.
Some states offer special programs specifically for adults.
Some states offer state tax credits to employers who hire welfare recipients.
Some states offer subsidies for grandparent caregivers.
Some states offer tax breaks, too.
Some states offer tax credits for basic workplace skills programs.
Some states offer tax incentives and other support for wind energy.
Some states offer unique wilderness experiences.
Some states offer varied services to minimize cash assistance caseloads.
Some states offer veterans partial tax exemption.
Some States offer vocational training, in addition to regular school classes, to refugees.
Some states only allow a certain percentage of the entire project's cost for an advance deposit.
Some states only allow parents to choose schools inside the district in which they live.
Some states only enter accidents on the record which result in a conviction.
Some states only have a few banks with online services and others have more than a hundred.
Some States only have email notices.
Some states only submit usage from select sites.
Some States operate daylight saving time during the Australian summer.
Some states opt to disqualify schools that drop teams at the last minute.
Some states outlaw such agencies.
Some states pass laws that allow people to obtain permits to carry concealed handguns.
Some states pass laws that declare pollution prevention a good idea and encourage voluntary efforts.
Some states pass the money directly from the federal level to the county level.
Some states pay a low interest rate.
Some states pay a reward for turning in litterbugs.
Some states pay additional amounts, which are included in the federal check.
Some States pay the fee themselves from state funds.
Some states perform an oversight role to prevent gambling addiction and other issues.
Some states perform annual inspections as well.
Some states permit a civil jury's decision to be less than unanimous.
Some states permit adoption by married couples only.
Some states permit anyone to vote and register absentee.
Some states permit both a civil suit and a compensation claim.
Some states permit ex-convicts to testify, except in cases involving perjury.
Some states permit military families to separate returns even if they filed a joint federal return.
Some states permit minors to terminate their minority status when they get married.
Some states permit nuncupative wills only under limited circumstances.
Some states permit optometrists to give limited treatments of some eye conditions.
Some states permit prescription writing.
Some states permit renewal by mail.
Some states permit revenue bonding to pay for academic facilities.
Some states permit shipment, others local delivery, others no delivery at all.
Some states permit terminated workers to review and copy the contents of their personnel files.
Some states permit the inclusion of volunteers in a nonprofit's workers' compensation program.
Some States permit the property to be attached or seized and sold to pay the debt.
Some states permit video wills to be introduced into probate proceedings.
Some states place one bid with manufacturers for enough vaccine to cover their population.
Some states plan to use the money to help pay for health issues related to smoking.
Some states play central roles.
Some states play critical roles.
Some states play key roles.
Some states play roles.
Some states play significant roles.
Some states play vital roles.
Some states post the names of disciplined attorneys on the Internet site.
Some states prefer one test, some the other, and some have their own screening.
Some states prefer to deny that the problem exists at all.
Some States prepare their own dossier.
Some states prevent certain people from becoming agents.
Some states prevent drilling through multiple aquifers under certain conditions.
Some states prevent injecting drug users from buying needles at pharmacies.
Some states process the requests immediately.
Some states produce an official code published by the state.
Some states produce toys, and many produce mattresses.
Some states prohibit adopted siblings who share no genetic link, from marrying.
Some states prohibit alcohol related contests, for instance.
Some states prohibit an infected person from having sex at all.
Some states prohibit companies from making such decisions based solely on the credit information.
Some states prohibit entry of certain plants.
Some states prohibit fuel carriers from delivering to unapproved tanks.
Some states prohibit lawyers from obtaining babies for adoption by clients under any circumstances.
Some states prohibit lawyers in Small Claims.
Some states prohibit or highly regulate the tagging of fish because of such concerns.
Some states prohibit rollovers to other beneficiaries or other states.
Some states prohibit single member LLCs.
Some states prohibit smoking in enclosed places of employment.
Some states prohibit students from organizing.
Some states prohibit the act in all government buildings and some only cover state buildings.
Some states prohibit the direct sale and shipment of wine to the consumer.
Some states prohibit the execution of people for crimes committed in their youth.
Some states prohibit the importation of wild piranhas.
Some states prohibit the relocation of wildlife.
Some states prohibit the sale of short-term policies.
Some states prohibit the use of explosive devices on wildlife.
Some states prohibit the use of pole traps.
Some states prohibit title by mere prescription or possession.
Some states prohibit unlicensed telemedicine explicitly.
Some states promote equal opportunity.
Some states promote opportunity.
Some states protect private land through purchasing development rights.
Some states provide a subsidy for special needs children.
Some states provide addition unemployment benefits to workers who are disabled.
Some States provide additional benefits for specific purposes.
Some states provide additional unemployment benefits to disabled workers.
Some states provide additional unemployment benefits to workers who are disabled.
Some states provide an additional supplement from state funds.
Some states provide both a privilege and an immunity.
Some states provide disciplinary actions taken against physicians.
Some states provide economic reimbursement for crop damage.
Some states provide examples of a possible resolution.
Some states provide explanations.
Some states provide for the mandatory arrest of an abuser.
Some states provide limited Web access to vital records, e.g. Colorado and Kentucky .
Some States provide online registration.
Some states provide only felony records rather than felony and misdemeanor records.
Some states provide other rights.
Some states provide overviews.
Some states provide prenatal and delivery care for any person who is pregnant.
Some states provide protection only for new cars.
Some states provide protection.
Some states provide protections against age discrimination for all employees regardless of age.
Some states provide some colonial information on the state's archives Web site.
Some States provide specifically for the right to be known and cared for.
Some states provide strong criminal or civil penalties for violating the presence requirement.
Some states provide tests recorded on audiotape.
Some states provide that any type of electronic signature is valid.
Some states provide the technology to qualifying individuals free or for a nominal charge.
Some states provide wallet cards or identification tags.
Some states publish their lists of licensed viatical providers on their web sites.
Some states purchase ads in specialty publications, such as horse trade magazines or billboards.
Some states put a dollar cap on income in determining who can be considered medically needed.
Some states put greater emphasis on the actual performance of schools.
Some states put limits on the use of particular factors in determining insurance rates.
Some states put people in jail for life for having a hempseed in their car trunks.
Some states receive appropriations from general revenue.
Some States receive appropriations from general revenue.
Some states recognize both types of obligors, while others only recognize dealer obligors.
Some states recognize ceremony-free marriages.
Some states recommend larger quantities of boron than others.
Some states refuse to have multiple time zones.
Some states refuse to ratify and implement the refugee treaties.
Some States register buses with trucks or automobiles.
Some states regulate specific types of fund raisers, such as duck races.
Some states regulate specific workplace requirements.
Some states regulate the amount of fees chargeable by an agency.
Some states release their past tests for purchase.
Some states rely on unofficially published annotated codes.
Some states remain silent about certain situations.
Some states report only substantiated cases that have been verified according to state law.
Some states require a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering or a related field.
Some states require a bond and an audited financial statement to accompany the application.
Some states require a business to have it by law.
Some states require a certain format or style.
Some states require a claim to actually be paid before pursuing prosecution for fraud.
Some states require a conviction for a serious domestic violence-related crime.
Some states require a court hearing for final termination.
Some states require a degree to transfer.
Some states require a determination that the move is in the best interests of the children.
Some states require a majority of the votes cast in order to elect a director.
Some States require a map showing the location of the claim.
Some states require a minimum amount of capital to incorporate.
Some states require a minimum grade point average.
Some states require a minimum length to protect freshwater sands.
Some states require a nurse on duty or on call at all times.
Some states require a PEO to be licensed or registered.
Some states require a permit.
Some states require a physician to examine fetal tissue after an abortion.
Some states require a prescription for catheter purchase.
Some states require a release signed by the subject.
Some states require a repeat test during the first month of life.
Some states require a separate application for state grants.
Some states require a separate exam on the laws governing psychology in their state.
Some states require a shelter to hold a licensed animal longer than an unlicensed one.
Some states require a signed release and the subject's address.
Some States Require a signed release.
Some states require a social security number.
Some states require a specific format or specific wording in the document.
Some states require a state permit as well.
Some states require a survey before the loan can be fully approved and cleared for closing.
Some states require a system of beeps or buzzers that sound throughout the conversation.
Some states require a tax on the delivery charge.
Some states require a waiting period before an abortion can be performed.
Some states require a waiting period for their residents.
Some states require a written agreement.
Some states require a written examination.
Some states require accumulation.
Some states require additional electronic filing enrollment paperwork.
Some states require additional liability insurance on carriers.
Some states require additional licensing examinations.
Some states require additional licensure examinations.
Some states require additional proof that the size of the fee is reasonable.
Some states require additional tests or courses in order to teach in that specific state.
Some states require adults, regardless of age, to have a certificate when hunting.
Some states require advance bidder registration or certifications.
Some states require aerial applicators to reuse their pesticide rime water.
Some states require all bee loads to be screened or netted.
Some States require all passengers to wear seat blets, others require only front seat passengers.
Some states require all vessels to be numbered.
Some states require an additional written or oral competency and jurisprudence exam.
Some states require an attorney handle the closing.
Some states require an emissions inspection.
Some states require an official letter of course attendance provided by the college.
Some states require an oral examination after the written examination is passed.
Some states require annual certifications of cathodic protection systems.
Some states require applicant job search as a diversion strategy.
Some states require applicants to meet or demonstrate extensive competencies.
Some states require approval by the legislature, the voters or both.
Some states require attorneys to close real estate transactions.
Some states require bars that serve hard liquor be operated by non-profit corporations.
Some states require boosters yearly.
Some States require both handwritten and electronic storage.
Some states require buyers to fill out a seller disclosure stating all the defects.
Some states require by law that the electors vote for the person that wins the states popular vote.
Some states require certain services, such as police, to be provided at a regional level.
Some states require certain types of certifications.
Some states require certification for insulation contractors.
Some States require certification of caretakers who euthanize animals.
Some states require certification with the apostilling or authentication.
Some states require certification.
Some states require charter schools to use a state-mandated accounting system and audit process.
Some states require classroom study prior to sitting for the state exam.
Some states require community service to graduate from high school.
Some states require companies to be registered to do business in that state.
Some states require companies to insure patients for certain cancer tests and treatments.
Some states require complete silence in the witness area.
Some states require completion of a specific form.
Some states require completion of an internship as a condition of licensure.
Some states require confidential rather than anonymous testing so that they can notify partners.
Some States require continuing education for licensure renewal.
Some States require continuing education for relicensure.
Some states require continuing education to maintain certification.
Some states require contractors who remove lead paint to be licensed.
Some states require copies to be filed along with the original.
Some states require court reporters to be certified.
Some states require court reporters.
Some states require criminal background checks and many require some type of competency examination.
Some states require decals on both port and starboard side.
Some states require demonstrated proficiency in basic literacy skills.
Some states require dentists.
Some states require destruction.
Some states require drivers with many traffic violations to take training.
Some states require drivers with multiple citations or crashes to attend such courses.
Some states require egg dating on cartons, for example.
Some states require electors to promise their support for the candidate to whom they are pledged.
Some states require employers to offer their workers a minimum amount of parental leave time.
Some states require employers to offer violators rehabilitation rather than termination.
Some states require employment counselors to have a masters degree.
Some states require engineers.
Some states require environmental surveys of land before development proceeds.
Some states require evidence from witnesses or evidence of bodily injury to the woman.
Some states require fewer tests than does Indiana.
Some states require four repair attempts on the same problem within six months.
Some states require germination tests.
Some states require green cards before granting professional licenses.
Some states require guards.
Some states require hairdressers.
Some states require health plans to achieve accreditation.
Some states require health.
Some states require high school teachers.
Some states require HMOs to be accredited.
Some states require hog farms to control odor using various methods.
Some states require home inspectors.
Some states require impact testing.
Some states require individuals.
Some states require inspectors.
Some states require insurance companies to pay for formula when it is medically necessary.
Some states require it of all automobile policies sold to drivers.
Some states require it twice a week.
Some states require it.
Some states require laboratory personnel to be licensed or registered.
Some States require laboratory personnel to be licensed or registered.
Some states require laboratory personnel to be licensed.
Some states require librarians.
Some states require licenses for people who apply pesticides.
Some states require licensing of practitioners, such as naturopaths and acupuncturists.
Some states require licensing.
Some states require licensure for construction managers.
Some states require licensure.
Some states require LLCs to have two or more members.
Some states require longer training experiences for international graduates prior to licensure.
Some states require lower scores, while a few states require the same or higher scores.
Some states require mandatory jail time.
Some States require massage therapists to pass a national certification exam.
Some states require mediators to be attorneys.
Some states require more training.
Some states require national certification as part of the law.
Some states require NFIP participation as part of their state floodplain management program.
Some states require no prior application or paperwork, while others have simple forms to complete.
Some states require notices depending on the number of employees.
Some states require nurse practitioners to complete an internship before they can be licensed.
Some States require only a positive toxicology screen at birth.
Some states require only one.
Some states require only that plants be grown by a certified nursery.
Some states require opticians.
Some states require others to serve on the board of directors and be corporate officers.
Some states require parents to attend mediation in contested child custody cases.
Some states require parents to tag along when their kids get pierced.
Some states require participation in continuing education programs to maintain licensure.
Some states require passing different tests and differing lengths of time spent student teaching.
Some states require paying an employee in full upon involuntary termination.
Some states require payment equal to the member's contributions.
Some states require periodical medical re-evaluation.
Some states require permits.
Some states require physicians to specify conditions such as epilepsy or dementia.
Some states require plumbers.
Some states require proof of continuing education for licensure renewal.
Some states require proof of receiving the vaccine prior to entry into day care or preschools.
Some states require protection.
Some states require providers to have licenses to operate.
Some States require psychiatric aides to complete a formal training program.
Some states require public high school teachers.
Some states require public school counselors to have both counseling and teaching certificates.
Some States require public school counselors to have both counseling and teaching certificates.
Some states require publication of the shareholders names as part of the incorporation process.
Some states require qualifying examinations, fingerprinting, and insurance bonding for registration.
Some states require registration for life.
Some states require removal or segregation of infected cattle from non-infected cattle.
Some states require removals.
Some states require reporters.
Some states require sales taxes to be collected on-site for sales of books and other items.
Some states require scald-resistant faucets in all new construction.
Some states require school social workers in each public school district.
Some states require school teachers.
Some states require sellers to disclose facts about the dog's health, age and history.
Some states require settings at specific lower temperatures.
Some states require social workers.
Some states require soil scientists to be licensed to practice.
Some states require some professional work experience, as well.
Some states require special government-issue prescription forms.
Some states require special markings on fish transport trucks.
Some states require special notices to be included with each solicitation delivered to the public.
Some states require special staff certification and training.
Some states require specific college courses such as English, chemistry, biology, or physics.
Some States require specific college courses such as English, chemistry, biology, or physics.
Some States require specific grade point averages for teacher certification.
Some States require specific minimum grade point averages for teacher licensure.
Some states require specific stimuli.
Some states require stimuli.
Some states require storage.
Some states require such a clause in contracts.
Some states require such funding by law.
Some states require teachers to have a minimum grade point average as well.
Some states require teachers to have computer education coursework.
Some states require teachers to immediately report even suspicions of abuse or neglect.
Some states require teachers.
Some states require technologists and technicians to be licensed.
Some states require technologists to pass an examination to become registered or licensed.
Some states require teens to have their parents permission.
Some states require testing or evaluation and require that it be given by a qualified teacher.
Some states require testing.
Some states require tests that have been developed specifically within that state, i.e., New York.
Some states require tests.
Some states require that a portion of the punitive damages awarded be paid to the state.
Some states require that a simple form be filled out.
Some states require that all handlers of food wear gloves.
Some states require that car insurance policies also provide health insurance.
Some states require that children wear a life jacket.
Some states require that employers who do provide insurance provide some type of minimum coverage.
Some states require that feed companies use specific listings on their labels.
Some states require that file reviewers practice in the state.
Some states require that investors prove that they can afford to take the risk.
Some states require that it be used exclusively.
Some states require that judges take refresher classes while in office.
Some states require that lab technicians and retail merchandisers be licensed opticians.
Some States require that landscape contractors be licensed.
Some states require that living wills be written in a standardized way.
Some states require that medical laboratory personnel be licensed.
Some states require that neighbors be notified prior to spraying.
Some states require that passengers first seek reimbursement under their own automobile policy.
Some states require that PFDs be worn by children of specific ages under certain conditions.
Some States require that separate restrooms be provided for employees of each sex.
Some states require that shipping amounts be taxed.
Some states require that special notices be included with each solicitation.
Some States require that special notices be included with each solicitation.
Some states require that teacher aides be licensed or certified.
Some states require that the child demonstrate adequate progress for the school year just completed.
Some states require that the club have permits from the local gaming commission to hold raffles.
Some states require that the franchise offering be registered.
Some states require that the pharmacist dispense exactly what is prescribed.
Some states require that the physical therapist assistant be licensed also.
Some states require that the witnesses sign it as well.
Some states require that there be more than one owner.
Some states require that they also be dated.
Some states require that trash collectors pass a civil service examination.
Some states require that voting pools follow specific guidelines to be valid.
Some states require the administrator to complete a state-approved certification program.
Some states require the CLE sponsor to keep records of all participants for a given period of years.
Some states require the completion of an education or treatment program prior to relicensure.
Some states require the depiction of healthful foods in instructional programs.
Some states require the distributor be licensed to sell supplies to charities in.
Some states require the plan be submitted to the state agency for review or storage.
Some states require the property owner's permission to enter and remove the illegal dumped items.
Some states require the publication of the names of all members.
Some states require the registration of persons as soon as they commence the study of law.
Some states require the release to be notarized.
Some states require the reporting of suspected elder abuse or dependent adult abuse.
Some states require the same type of membership at both the state and national levels.
Some states require the same type of test be administered on an annual basis.
Some states require the title of a lemon to carry a notation reflecting the lemon status.
Some states require the two-drain system.
Some states require the use of a statutory form.
Some states require the use of state-specific manifests.
Some States require their own criteria to be applied.
Some states require their own reports as well.
Some states require their own search fees which are additional.
Some states require transportation tags.
Some states require two.
Some states require types.
Some states require utilities.
Some states require vaccination every year.
Some states require veterinarians to take a state-specific exam as well.
Some states require visitation petitions to be filed with another domestic relations suit.
Some states require wage records for farm workers.
Some states require waiting periods.
Some states require witnesses as well as acknowledgement before a notary public.
Some states require witnesses, seals, or acknowledgments.
Some states require workers.
Some states require written consent.
Some states require written fee agreements for most cases.
Some states reserve independent external review for determinations of medical necessity.
Some States respond promptly to such requests, some respond eventually and some fail to respond.
Some states restrict recording phone calls but are more liberal with respect to video recordings.
Some states restrict that data.
Some states restrict the right to vote for persons who have been convicted of a crime.
Some states restrict the use of ROM cards.
Some states restrict the use of screens and televisions in vehicles.
Some states retain monies obtained from fines.
Some states retain traditional fault grounds in addition to no-fault.
Some states revoke drivers licenses of high school dropouts.
Some states reward teachers and schools for involvement in peer competition .
Some states say little on the subject while other states painstakingly detail such responsibilities.
Some states say special circumstances explain their caseload climb.
Some states seal records after a period of time.
Some states seal safe deposit boxes upon death.
Some states see only a few dogs in rescue.
Some states see the inadequacies of smokestack chasing.
Some states seem to be buffeted by forces of globalization beyond their control.
Some states seem to have stepped up their enforcement of unauthorized practice rules.
Some states seem to offer more by way of web pages on regional archaeology than others.
Some states seem to think so.
Some states send out preliminary notices of state tax deficiencies.
Some states set lower caps for property damage claims.
Some states show signs of acting on their own initiative.
Some states show their pictures, but it varies depending on the state.
Some states simply have one level of appeal.
Some states simply require notarization.
Some states slap a lien on the property of divorced parents who fail to pay child support.
Some states specifically exclude custom equipment from the per diem .
Some states specifically oppose limitation of liability clauses.
Some states specifically prohibit students from joining a union.
Some states specify a minimum number of credit hours to be earned in certain academic subjects.
Some states specify a time frame within which to obtain a master's degree.
Some states specify proficiency in English and basic math.
Some states specify screening tests by law, others by public health department regulation.
Some states statutorily offer sales tax exemptions or reductions for qualifying projects.
Some states still enforce broad exit poll bans.
Some states still have yet to respond.
Some states still have, and enforce, statutes that prohibit such involvement.
Some states still require quarterly reports, however.
Some states still set consumer rates below the actual cost to generate electricity.
Some states still use coroners, a part of the legal system brought over from England.
Some states still use grand juries for certain civil investigations.
Some states still use the grand jury system.
Some states stipulate the minimum daily benefit maximums that are available.
Some States stipulate the requisite number of acts.
Some states strive to exceed federal standards of environmental protection.
Some states supplement the basic federal benefits.
Some states supplement the multiple choice tests with writing samples and other assessments.
Some states supplement the qualified basis method with other methodologies.
Some states support pre-K classes in districts serving populations at high risk.
Some states swing.
Some states take a comprehensive approach.
Some states take a different approach to the problem.
Some states take a unitary approach to valuation.
Some states take actual physical control to great extremes.
Some states take drastic steps.
Some states take into account the juvenile's offense history when making waiver decisions.
Some states take longer than others to report election results.
Some states take steps.
Some states take up to three weeks.
Some states tax gross receipts of sales of goods and services.
Some states tax the amount of the credit plus an additional amount.
Some states then abandon one approach and are convinced the next model is the magic answer.
Some states then use federal matching funds for non-health related purposes.
Some states treat complaints as a request to disenroll.
Some states treat gay or straight lifestyles in the same light.
Some states treat the right of publicity as a subset of the right of privacy.
Some states try harder than others.
Some states try to remove politics from the redistricting equation.
Some states try to solve the 'memory problem' by mailing citation as quickly as possible.
Some states use a combination of models.
Some states use a mill rate to compute property taxes and sales taxes.
Some states use a passing score on a competency or exit exam as a graduation requirement.
Some states use assessments.
Some states use community volunteers in addition to paid staff.
Some states use court interpreter examinations that are of dubious validity.
Some states use grand juries anyhow.
Some states use hall of fame members as classroom speakers.
Some states use more than one method.
Some states use only flags to make motorists aware of traffic control.
Some states use only serial numbers to designate their hunter type stamp.
Some states use registrations as proof of ownership.
Some states use registry data to develop injury control and prevention strategies.
Some states use staff more familiar with work program requirements to make participation decisions.
Some states use standardized tests to measure the academic performance of students.
Some states use structured sentencing, most of which is based upon criminal history.
Some states use the party column ballot in general elections.
Some states use the same model for different purposes.
Some states use the tank as the single point of information about and entire system.
Some states use titles which require notarization of the seller's signature.
Some states utilize paper and pencil tests to assess student proficiency in educational technology.
Some states view public records as a proprietary resource in order to block access.
Some states view the award as separate or nonmarital property.
Some states waive the examination requirement for attorneys who are already a member of another bar.
Some states withhold address information.
A statecraft is wisdom
Statecraft comes from soulcraft.
Statecraft is also, above all, concerned with engineering.
Statecraft is the skill of managing a state well.
Stated causes are often to be mistrusted.
Stated dates are approximate.
Stated dates are subject to change.
Stated distances are only estimates offering approximate distances.
Stated errors incorporate uncertainties in target dimensions.
Stated mission includes promoting worldwide trade and exchanging international ideas.
Stated order is essential.
Stated plans are to introduce new lessons to the web location each month.
Stated policy is ambiguous.
Stated prices are for products as described.
Stated prices are subject to change.
Stated purpose is to capitlize on intellectual property and licensing and software sales.
Stated rate includes discounts.
Stated rates are illustrative and subject to change.
Stated requirements are for a stand alone installation.
Stated speeds are with one pump unit powering one winch.
Stated uncertainties are two sigma.
Every stated word is searched.
Stateful firewalls are an incredible and obvious enhancement over stateless.
Stateful firewalls can watch the data stream and understand the port negotiation.
Stateful firewalls provide the highest level of protection from hackers and information predators.
Stateful inspection is a promising new technology.
Stateful inspection is critical to securing networks against distributed denial of service attacks.
Stateful inspection offers multiple performance advantages, including enhanced throughput.
Stateful security is less complex and more robust than packet filtering.
Stateful values do contain objects like references or arrays.
Stategic considerations vary from case to case .
Stateless applications require stateless components.
A stateless person is a refugee
Stateless persons are mostly persons belonging to national minorities.
Stateless persons can apply, but the eligibility of refugees depends on their precise status.
Stateless proxies are very fast, but can provide few services.
Stateless servers are to be preferred when possible, because they are simpler.
Stateless servers have a distinct advantage over stateful servers in the event of a failure.
Stately bulls stand guard over their harem while bugling to rivals to stay clear.
Stately callas carry elegant white blooms.
Stately caribou lift their heads over meadows bursting with wildflowers.
Stately columns frame the entrance.
Stately conifers grow in some areas.
Stately eagle is the epitome of liberty.
Stately fronds slope in measured unison until a hill interferes.
Stately magnolias line the entrance way and even bamboo trees grace a path behind the buildings.
Stately mansions bring back memories of Mississippi plantation life before the Civil War.
Stately palms form a canopy of green along the development's boundary.
Stately saguaros stand amid spiny cholla and paloverde trees.
Stately staircases rise to the right and left of the Patio.
Stately trees grace the course.
Statement analysis involves more than a single aspect of the statement.
Statement coverage counts how many of the total statements in the application are executed.
Statement coverage measures how many times a simulation executes each assignment.
Statement of account is mailed monthly.
Every statement of faith is very historical and limited by the finiteness and sin of man.
Statements of work are general and inclusive.
A statement is a message
Statement addresses an overall desire to parent better.
Statement addresses our physical bodies.
Statement below is kludge.
Statement can be any valid statement as described at the beginning of the section on statements.
Statement can be any valid statement as described in the beginning of the section on statements.
Statement can be e-mailed to multiple addresses.
Statement concerning which discipline or related discipline is addressed by the project.
Statement documents our software's compliance.
Statement does just that.
Statement drink Makers against an prison above no fence.
Statement is complete.
Statement is optional and available to candidates for local nonpartisan offices only.
Statement is to contain performance strengths, areas needing attention, and appointment decision.
Statement is true about half the time.
Statement isa message.
Statement labels Assign a label only if necessary.
Statement learn Relative down many grass within a safety.
Statement needs to be at least two pages in length.
Statement needs to be clarified.
Statement needs to be made and then passed to directors.
Statement prefer near the automobile loan.
Statement presents an overview as well as educational and legal considerations.
Statement provides for a hearing process and a list of 'records officials.
Statement rub till that substance or curl inline skater.
Statement signed by applicant and physician that soldier has no aversion to the sight of blood.
Statement stuffers to be included in utility bills, bank statements, etc.
Statement trusts up a cardinals football.
Statement wear from the way after sprang bicycling.
Statements address the major content areas found in a comprehensive nursing philosophy.
Statements admitting fault or guilt ARE admissible in court.
Statements also extend into time and trust dimensions.
Statements also give a feeling of power to parents.
Statements appear in bulletins.
Statements are about something.
Statements are accurate, and realistic.
Statements are also available on request, but please note the fee applicable.
Statements are also available online within three business days after month end.
Statements are always available.
Statements are analogous to sentences in a human language and expressions are like phrases.
Statements are available in broker reference number order or entry summary number order.
Statements are available on a monthly basis per the following schedule.
Statements are available on the web for review by departments.
Statements are available online.
Statements are capable of lies.
Statements are computer itemized to facilitate reconciliation.
Statements are confidential until after close of the nomination period.
Statements are confidential until after the close of the nomination period.
Statements are consistent with established fact or with prevailing expert opinion on the subject.
Statements are due and payable upon receipt in advance of the hearing date.
Statements are due and payable upon receipt, unless otherwise stated.
Statements are due and payable upon receipt.
Statements are due in full upon receipt.
Statements are due upon registration.
Statements are easy for patients to understand, so they have fewer questions.
Statements are easy to make especially statments that have no basis in reality.
Statements are either favourable or unfavourable towards the object.
Statements are exactly that.
Statements are facts.
Statements are factually correct.
Statements are hard to write.
Statements are instances of the dialog statement model.
Statements are laser printed, inserted in a return envelope and mailed to the patient in one day.
Statements are limited to three minutes.
Statements are listed in order of importance.
Statements are located in legal documents.
Statements are located in letters.
Statements are located in mail.
Statements are located in newspapers.
Statements are located in press releases.
Statements are located in press.
Statements are mailed to the individual homeowner, regardless of who is responsible for payment.
Statements are messages.
Statements are of two types.
Statements are only true relative to a system.
Statements are periodic reports to investors regarding their investment accounts.
Statements are predictable and offer little new information.
Statements are predictable and offer New information surfaces.
Statements are prepared and mailed on the third or fourth business day of each month.
Statements are prepared with the aid of the firm's computerized timekeeping and billing system.
Statements are sort of spooky, immaterial things.
Statements are the equivalent of a sentence in human language.
Statements are themes.
Statements are then postal sorted, evaluated for errors, laser printed and mailed first class.
Statements are to be filed with the G as they are completed and approved by the preceptor.
Statements are tree-like structures within a block.
Statements are true or false without geometrical or analogical similarity.
Statements are trues.
Statements are unsupported, repetitive, or irrelevant.
Statements are used for communicating.
Statements are used for exposition.
Statements are used for sharing.
Statements are very detailed, providing a narrative description of the specific services rendered.
Statements are very general or irrelevant to the question.
Statements are very important to the selection process.
Statements are worth the time and postage.
Statements arrive quarterly, although there are other ways of tracking sales.
Statements become accomplishments vs. job descriptions.
Statements become part of the official public record.
Statements below represent the preponderance of scientific opinion.
Statements can also be prepared and sent monthly.
Statements can be quarterly or semi-annual.
Statements can be true or false.
Statements can span multiple lines.
Statements Click Here .
Statements come out once a month.
Statements concern anticipate financial results.
Statements concern anticipate results.
Statements concern characters.
Statements concern death.
Statements concern effects.
Statements concern financial results.
Statements concern results.
Statements concerning qualifications are subject to verification.
Statements consist of several parts containing each currency summary.
Statements contain generalizations.
Statements contained in the articles are the personal views of the authors.
Statements containing the words none, generally, and usually are generally true.
Statements cycle on the last business day of the month.
Statements describe extent.
Statements describe with varying amounts of detail the results of the meetings.
Statements Do and Suspend.
Statements end with a semicolon.
Statements execute at least once.
Statements execute in the order they are written.
Statements explain concepts.
Statements explain observations.
Statements focusing on punctuality, attitude, standards of dress etc. are welcome.
Statements follow on successive lines.
Statements found in early sources are unequivocal in their prohibition of intermarriage.
Statements generally seek to convey basic information.
Statements give information about people, places, things, or ideas.
Statements given and items seized during a period of illegal detention are inadmissible.
Statements have frameworks.
Statements have information.
Statements have more information.
Statements help writers get best story Imagine if everyone refused to comment for news stories.
Statements include information.
Statements indicate purposes.
Statements intended as metaphorical teachings are misunderstood, and taken literally.
Statements involve uncertainty.
Statements is established under Iowa law.
Statements limit the journalist's ability to get precise answers.
Statements looking forward in time involve risks and uncertainties.
Statements made are accurate to the best of our knowledge at the time of publication.
Statements made by experts are a distant third.
Statements made by the agents or owners are from sources deemed reliable.
Statements made by the witnesses to the police and to the press essentially agree.
Statements made during such an investigation are subject to a qualified privilege.
Statements made in any such webcast speak only as of the date of the webcast.
Statements made in conferences and chats reflect only the views of their authors.
Statements made in forums, conferences, and chats reflect only the views of their authors.
Statements made in forums, e-mail and discussion groups reflect only the views of their authors.
Statements made in interviews or press conferences are fraught with risks.
Statements made in presentations are the sole responsibility of the author.
Statements made in websites reflect only the views of their authors.
Statements only have one reference.
Statements provide answers.
Statements provide frameworks.
Statements provide guidelines.
Statements provide possible answers.
Statements reflect concern.
Statements reflect fees, applicable tuition, and projected student aid.
Statements regarding difficulty of aging ought to be precise as to sex and specific events of aging.
Statements regarding insurance coverages are for general description purposes only.
Statements released by both parties reveal that the rationale was the same.
Statements represent opinion.
Statements require rebuttal, questions allow for reflection.
Statements show account name, receipts, expenditures, transaction date, and account balance.
Statements soliciting or implying a commitment prior to the submission of ROLs is to be avoided.
Statements support facts.
Statements support scientific facts.
Statements typically range length from a short paragraph to two pages.
Statements written by some students tend to provide some evidence.
Statements usually appear after about one day.
Statements usually end with a semicolon.
All statement above are correct.
All statements above are correct.
All statements are absolutely voluntary.
All statements are accurate, complete and verifiable.
All statements are always auto-committed.
All statements are answers.
All statements are available on the website and from the association.
All statements are correct as far as the school's governors know, and are made in good faith.
All statements are correct.
All statements are criteria to determine eligibility for the rebate.
All statements are direct quotations from the indicated internet source documents.
All statements are due in advance.
All statements are false.
All statements are for information purposes only and are subject to change without notice.
All statements are in HTML format.
All statements are normative.
All statements are on file and can be reviewed on request.
All statements are online and can be viewed through our links pages.
All statements are opinions and no guarantees are implied.
All statements are opperations on the text tree.
All statements are simple reformulations corresponding to properties of stochastic matrices.
All statements are solely the responsibility of the renter.
All statements are subject to investigation and verification.
All statements are subject to investigation.
All statements are subject to verification and investigation.
All statements are subject to verification.
All statements are the opinions of the author.
All statements are the responsibility of the submitting party.
All statements are the responsibility, of the author alone.
All statements are true and correct and are made for the purpose of obtaining a loan.
All statements are true.
All statements are truthful as to what is written.
All statements are unambiguous and correct.
All statements are valid.
All statements are without assurance.
All statements become part of any future employee personnel files.
All statements become part of any future personnel files.
All statements concerning education and experience are subject to verification.
All statements concerning other questions are also reflective of our point of view only.
All statements end in a semicolon.
All statements express consensus views unless noted otherwise.
All statements made and opinions expressed in any article are the responsibility of the author.
All statements made by candidates in their application are subject to verification.
All statements made by candidates in their applications are subject to verification.
All statements made by non-suspects are true.
All statements made in the evaluation and commentary reflects only the view of the author.
All statements made on applications are subject to investigation and verification.
All statements made on the application are subject to investigation and verification.
All statements made on the application are subject to investigation.
All statements mentioned above regarding a push shot apply to a double hit.
All statements pertaining to rug care and stain removal are of a general nature only.
All statements rendered are subject to corrections or amendments.
Any statement can have a label attached as a simple identifier.
Any statement indicating otherwise is incorrect.
Any statement is ambiguous and disconcerting because all discourse is condemned to triviality.
Any statement made in the presence of the reporter or photographer is fair game.
Any statement needs to take into account multiple platforms.
Any statements indicating otherwise are complete fabrications.
Any statements made or opinions expressed are just that, opinions.
Every statement come with a qualifier.
Every statement ends with a semicolon.
Every statement generally has a context.
Every statement harbors the potential for a terrifying literality.
Every statement has a negation .
Every statement has a normal mode of execution in which certain computational steps are carried out.
Every statement has a selector and a series of properties.
Every statement has exactly one truth value.
Every statement has implications for action.
Every statement is an expression, and so it has a value.
Every statement is an expression, optionally followed by a modifier, and terminated by a semi-colon.
Every statement is backed up by large quantities of data and references.
Every statement is either executable or nonexecutable.
Every statement is either true or false.
Every statement is in it self a resource.
Every statement is questionable.
Every statement is stated in a specific context.
Every statement is supposed to require some justification.
Every statement returns an object which can be used in subsequent computations.
Many statements are allegorical.
Many statements are executable in immediate mode.
Many statements are similar but have opposite impact when phrased from a different perspective.
Many statements are unreferenced or incorrectly referenced, or refer to unpublished reports.
Many statements contain a block of substatements, which are also terminated with a semicolon.
Many statements end in a semicolon.
Most statement begin with the subject.
Most statements appear in bulletins.
Most statements are a mixture of true and false, in a mixture of modes.
Most statements are factually correct, but there are a few errors.
Most statements are three to four paragraphs in length.
Most statements are unverifiable.
Most statements describe extent.
Most statements explain concepts.
Most statements explain observations.
Most statements have frameworks.
Most statements have information.
Most statements have more information.
Most statements indicate purposes.
Most statements involve uncertainty.
Most statements provide answers.
Most statements provide frameworks.
Most statements provide guidelines.
Most statements provide possible answers.
Most statements reflect concern.
Most statements represent opinion.
Most statements reveal the personal connection each person made with their favorite piece of art.
Most statements support scientific facts.
Some statement appear complete nonsense.
Some statements address expectations for technology adoptions.
Some statements address knowledge.
Some statements are both true and false.
Some statements are deductively valid.
Some statements are fanciful, questionable, improbable or illogical.
Some statements are from reliable sources.
Some statements are neither true nor false.
Some statements are positive.
Some statements are released by charity.
Some statements are released by clubs.
Some statements are released by organizations.
Some statements are released by schools.
Some statements are released by teams.
Some statements are released by unions.
Some statements are released by universities.
Some statements are signed by appropriate officers.
Some statements are signed by employees.
Some statements are signed by officers.
Some statements are signed by scientists.
Some statements are signed by witnesses.
Some statements are so outrageous that they stand apart from all others.
Some statements are true solely by virtue of their meanings.
Some statements are unsupported by evidence.
Some statements become defamatory when certain extrinsic facts are known.
Some statements cause even more functions to be called.
Some statements contain both fact and opinion.
Some statements contain in text.
Some statements depend on types.
Some statements describe behavior.
Some statements describe characters.
Some statements describe problems.
Some statements describe results.
Some statements do ask applicants about their understanding of the field.
Some statements explain areas.
Some statements follow death.
Some statements follow episodes.
Some statements follow victories.
Some statements have effects.
SOME statements have MORE THAN ONE correct completion.
Some statements have more than one right answer.
Some statements have quality.
Some statements have truth.
Some statements have values.
Some statements have visible effects.
Some statements help minds.
Some statements indicate animal care guidelines.
Some statements indicate guidelines.
Some statements involve feedback.
Some statements involve principles.
Some statements involve same principles.
Some statements provide descriptions.
Some statements reflect ideas.
Some statements require samples.
Some statements require that they be terminated by a newline.
Some statements show charge.
Some statements show values.
Some statements sound high and lofty but are largely gibberish.
Some statements support policy.
Some statements support public policy.
Some statements vastly overstate the situation.
Statemented pupils are well supported and make steady improvements.
A stateroom is a cabin
Stateroom features two lower beds, one queen-size bed, or two lower and two upper beds.
Staterooms are all outside and fully air-conditioned, with lower beds and private bathrooms.
Staterooms are all outside and fully air-conditioned, with lower beds and private baths.
Staterooms are all-outside, with individual temperature controls, lower beds and private bathrooms.
Staterooms are beautiful and spacious.
Staterooms are cabins.
Staterooms are gener-ously proportioned and luxuriously appointed.
Staterooms are large and comfortable, with rich finishes throughout.
Staterooms are large and lavishly furnished, and almost half the rooms have private balconies.
Staterooms are quite spacious, most have outside views and many have private balconies.
Staterooms are relatively spacious and definitely well designed, and public areas are stylish.
Staterooms are spacious with ample storage space.
Staterooms are well-appointed and graced with large picture windows.
Staterooms contain an electrical outlet for hair dryers, electrical razors, etc.
Staterooms have private bath, refrigerator, TV, radio and phone.
Staterooms have private bath, vanity area, closed circuit TV, radio and phone.
Staterooms have twin beds, two porthole windows, a desk and a bathroom with a shower.
All staterooms are en suite with private facilities.
All staterooms are outside, affording majestic views of the passing countryside.
All staterooms are outside, with tubs, color TV, terry cloth bathrobes, safes and refrigerators.
All staterooms have a sitting room or private verandah that provides a magnificent oceanfront view.
All staterooms have a TV, refrigerator, safe, duvet, and bathroom with shower.
All staterooms have air conditioning and private baths.
All staterooms have either a queen size bed or two twin beds.
All staterooms have private facilities and air-conditioning.
All staterooms have sofas and nearly three-quarters have sofabeds, great for families.
All staterooms have twin beds convertible to double bed.
All staterooms have two lower beds, which make up into a comfortable queen-size bed.
Every stateroom comfortably accommodates at least three people.
Every stateroom has private facilities and is individually air-conditioned.
Many staterooms have two upper berths.
Some staterooms also feature verandas for a spectacular ocean view.
Some staterooms have private verandas to reveal the peaceful panoramas.
Some staterooms have two convertible sofa beds.
Some staterooms offer additional lower or upper pullmans.
Some staterooms offer additional settee upper pullmans.
Some staterooms offer an additional lower or upper pullman.
Some staterooms offer an additional lower or upper pullmans.
Some staterooms offer an additional settee or upper pullmans.
Some staterooms offer one or two additional upper pullmans.
States attorneys provide their services at no costs to parents who are receiving public aid.
States changes go straight into the database while requests are buffered for later processing.
All states laws allow people to revoke or cancel their living wills.
Most states laws permit broader protection by insurance than by corporate indemnification.
Most states laws require courts to consider income from all sources when calculating child support.
States rights are underemphasized.
States rights is a longstanding American principle.
Stateside cards are free.
A statesman is a politician
Statesman classifieds .
Statesman takes a stand against the federal estate tax.
Statesmans are newspapers.
Statesmans are politicians.
Statesmen are far too busy making speeches to think.
Statesmen are solitary.
Statesmen can do a lot.
Statesmen rise and fall on the smallest of actions.
Statesmen see it coming and clear their diaries.
Statesmen think about the next generation.
Statesmen work towards peace and tyrants foment violence and wars and then blame in on others.
Many statesmen have academic degrees in economics.
Some statesmen are role models too.
A statesmanship is wisdom
Statesmanship is an impossibility.
Statesmanship is the high road of working within an organization.
Every statewide agency has a link.
More statewide contracts are pending.
Some statewide data is available to assist with local water planning.
Statewide indicator represents the percentage of schools that reported having internet access.
Statewide monitoring is critical to determining the sources of coastal pollution.
Most statewide programs have a diversified funding base drawing from public and private sources.
All statewide searches have limitations as to their comprehensiveness or accuracy.
Some statewide searches require social security number, race and sex.
Statewide standards ensure quality education.
Statewide surveys vary in methodology and frequency of observation.
Statewide system includes five campuses and numerous teaching and research sites.
Statewide training is provided on a regular basis.
Some statewide travel is required.
Static action is a non-moving position of a joint.
Static addresses are permanent addresses.
Static Agents can subscribe to changes in response to a performative.
Static Agents communicate with each other through mobile agents.
Static airplanes have no landing gears.
Static allocation requires no runtime management, hence is very simple to handle.
Static allometry refers to shifts in proportion among a series of related taxa of different size.
Static analyses reveal patterns.
Static analysis can also offer assurance that a process is sound before it executes.
Static analysis includes linear, nonlinear, plasticity, and multibody contact analyses.
Static analysis is a great tool for organizations with well-defined coding standards.
Static analysis is a proven technology in the implementation of compilers and interpreters.
Static analysis results for an individual source file.
Most static analyses reveal patterns.
Static applications are more tolerant of material and design limitations than dynamic applications.
Static balance is important for training one leg independent of the other.
Static balance is provided by two ventricles, the utricle and the saccule.
Static balance is the balance of bodies at rest.
Static banners are mostly for other sites to host.
Static banners are preferred.
Static banners have a smaller file size than animated banners.
Static binding is usually more straightforward and results in better performance.
Static buildup can also cause the tape to sound garbled.
Static buildup causes the seed to spray down the seed tube.
Static buttons appear every time the page is loaded.
Static caravans are available for sale and hire.
Static caravans are available to hire as well as pitches for tourering caravanans and tents.
Static cards rely on a host PC's memory and CPU power for controlling data-transfer operations.
Static charge is generated only in extremely dry environments.
Static charge is generated when lightning strikes.
Static charges act in ways similar to magnets.
Static charges are a real problem in the printing industry.
Static charges can be positive or negative.
Static charges flow from the liquid surface to the earth, where the charge is dissipated.
Static classes provide encapsulation.
Static cling is great because removeable.
Static cling is usually most severe in the last few reels, especially for long pictures.
Some static codes require two passes.
Static components can include simple headlines, by-lines, and paragraphs.
Static composition covers the content of fixed images such as paintings or still photos.
Static compression causes cells to stop.
Static compression is associated with decreased diffusivity of dextrans in cartilage explants.
Static condensers are the new generation of SVCs.
Static connections specify how internal subcomponents interact with each other.
Static contact holding the fingers in one spot, provides information about an object s temperature.
Static content is bad.
Static content is no longer acceptable.
Static content is returned to the browser each time the page is viewed.
Static content is transformed into interactive applications.
Static content requires Web server resources.
Static contraction exercises.
Static contraction See isometric action.
Static control is fair.
Static cords connect each flare fuze to the container.
Static data can cause several problems.
Static data changes only when the owner of the information makes the change.
All static data is initialised.
Static deformation is the permanent displacement of the ground due to the event.
Static demand involves smaller groups of muscles under extreme resistance for brief period.
Static dialogue is no better than empty space.
Static display requires all text to be computer generated.
Static displays are also available for public viewing.
Static displays are pretty, but so are colorful books.
Static displays come as part of our flying performance.
Static documentation can also explain how accesskeys is supported on a particular user agent.
Static effects are damage events which cause various types of specific damage all at once.
Static effort occurs when a muscle is contracted and held in the contracted position for some time.
Static electricity accumulates because an insulator prevents the accumulated electrons from flowing.
Static electricity builds up due to the relative movement of non-conductors.
Static electricity builds up more in cold and dry places.
Static electricity can actually burn out an entire semiconductor-based system.
Static electricity can also be useful in new technology .
Static electricity can also cause erroneous characters.
Static electricity can and does cause component failures.
Static electricity can be a difficult concept for elementary students to understand and relate to.
Static electricity can briefly exceed maximum safe forward currents even if barely noticed.
Static electricity can build up on almost any material.
Static electricity can cause deterioration of surface finish.
Static electricity can cause explosions and fires.
Static electricity can cause explosions.
Static electricity can cause razor cuts.
Static electricity can cause sparks.
Static electricity can damage a computer's electronic components.
Static electricity can damage certain static sensitive components.
Static electricity can damage most PC hardware, including network cards.
Static electricity can damage PC adapters.
Static electricity can damage PC cards.
Static electricity can damage the card.
Static electricity can destroy memory, and the pins are easily bent.
Static electricity can kill anything with a chip on it without leaving any trace.
Static electricity can permanently damage computer parts of any type.
Static electricity can permanently damage the memory modules.
Static electricity can start fires when flammables are transferred from one container to another.
Static electricity causes damage which produce intermittent errors that are hard to diagnose.
Static electricity consists of electric charges that collect on the outside of a surface.
Static electricity develops when the dust particles constantly rub the plastic surface.
Static electricity is a constant hazard in many production facilities and maintenance areas.
Static electricity is a fact of nature.
Static electricity is a kid's favourite phenomenom.
Static electricity is a phenomenom that takes many forms.
Static electricity is a phenomenon caused by electric charges at rest.
Static electricity is a real culprit.
Static electricity is a real danger for computers.
Static electricity is a result of objects being electrically charged through friction.
Static electricity is a surface phenomenon.
Static electricity is a type of electricity produced when objects gain or lose negative charges.
Static electricity is a well-known phenomenon.
Static electricity is addressed in one of the middle school force and motion benchmarks.
Static electricity is also a form of ignition.
Static electricity is also to do with electrons.
Static electricity is an electric charge built up in one place.
Static electricity is an electrical charge at rest.
Static electricity is an electrical charge on the surface of an object.
Static electricity is an excess of electric charge trapped on the surface of an object.
Static electricity is an imbalance of electric charges within or on the surface of a material.
Static electricity is an under-appreciated form of energy.
Static electricity is another concern with computers.
Static electricity is another theory but, again, one without much supporting evidence.
Static electricity is created as the air flows through the filter.
Static electricity is created when an object gives up or gains electrons.
Static electricity is created when electrons and protons are separated by a large distance.
Static electricity is electricity at rest, rather than an active electric current.
Static electricity is electricity at rest.
Static electricity is electricity
Static electricity is electricity.
Static electricity is everywhere.
Static electricity is experienced during seasons when the air is dry.
Static electricity is formed when many surface contacts are made between two objects.
Static electricity is generated as their shoe soles contact and separate from the floor surface.
Static electricity is generated whenever two materials are in contact with each other.
Static electricity is harmful to circuits.
Static electricity is high voltage electricity with a low current.
Static electricity is more active when the air and materials are dry.
Static electricity is more common in the winter, because the air is often dry.
Static electricity is more of a problem when humidity is low.
Static electricity is most noticeable with non-conductive materials.
Static electricity is observed only in insulators.
Static electricity is one of two types of electricity.
Static electricity is produced by water drops falling through metal rings.
Static electricity is produced when some materials are rubbed together.
Static electricity is produced when two dissimilar materials are rubbed together.
Static electricity is quite common in modern buildings.
Static electricity is something everyone has come up against.
Static electricity is specifically a problem during periods of low humidity.
Static electricity is stored in rain clouds.
Static electricity is the accumulation of an electrical charge in an object.
Static electricity is the accumulation of electric charge on an object.
Static electricity is the build up of negatively or positively charged particles.
Static electricity is the build-up of a charge of either electrons or protons on a material.
Static electricity is the build-up of electrical charge in an object.
Static electricity is the buildup of electrical charge on an object.
Static electricity is the build-up of electrons waiting for a path to allow a flow of current.
Static electricity is the cause of lightning.
Static electricity is the imbalance of positive and negative charges.
Static electricity is the imbalance of positive and negative electric charges.
Static electricity is the key to any kind of lightning.
Static electricity is the mortal enemy of microchips.
Static electricity is the study of electric charges and the way they separate and combine.
Static electricity moves toward a ground.
Static electricity occurs anytime two dissimilar objects come together and then separate.
Static electricity produces an electrical arc when it discharges.
Static electricity refers to the charges that often build up on or around our bodies.
Some static electricity attracts paper.
Some static electricity becomes problems.
Some static electricity causes problems.
Some static electricity consists of movement.
Some static electricity depends on friction.
Static eliminators complete the range of equipment manufactured.
Static eliminators ionize air, creating both positive and negative ions continuously.
Static energy is released with the up and down movement of the knife.
Static equilibrium demands that and .
Static equilibrium exists when the line of gravity is within the base of support.
Static equilibrium is discussed using, among other things, a ladder to demonstrate.
Static equilibrium occurs when there is no action taking place.
Static exercise improves strength, but it also drives up blood pressure in an instant.
Static expectations is a special case of adaptive expectations.
Static fields act like globals in non-OO languages.
Static files are audio files which have already been created.
Static files are no longer available.
Static files are now available.
Static filters use a literal value to include or exclude data in a subscription.
Static flexibility is the ROM around a joint with little or no power or speed.
Static flips are pretty simple, but take a little bit of practice to get looking good.
Static friction forces have magnitudes.
Static friction acting on a rolling body can be in two directions.
Static friction acts between surfaces at rest with respect to each other.
Static friction acts in the direction needed to prevent slipping.
Static friction acts on the shoes and player when standing still.
Static friction applies to friction between surfaces when the object is at rest.
Static friction does no work.
Static friction holds the bottom of the wheel, causing it to start rolling.
Static friction is a force that resists motion.
Static friction is defined as the friction produced when the object is at rest.
Static friction is everywhere.
Static friction is greater than kinetic friction.
Static friction is normally larger than moving friction.
Static friction is the force required to make an object at rest begin to move.
Static friction is the force that acts to oppose sliding motion when objects are at rest.
Static friction is the maximum force acting against any start of sliding.
Static friction is the value of the limiting friction just before slipping occurs.
Static friction is typically greater than dynamic friction.
Static friction is what keeps a box on an incline from sliding to the bottom.
Static friction is when the friction is strong enough to stop movement between two objects .
Static friction is when the friction is strong enough to stop movement between two objects.
Static friction matches the applied force up to a certain maximum value.
Some static friction has magnitudes.
Static gains are neutral and can be specified as regular matrices.
Static globes are actually the control units for space battlecruisers.
Static head accounts for just a small portion of the total head in a recirculation system.
Static head is the pressure resulting from the weight of the liquid in the pipe.
Static headspace is a good technique for the detection of the very volatile analytes.
Static hysteresis is a measure of friction in the bow determined under static conditions.
Static images are a poor substitute.
Static images are all well and good but human beings like motion.
Static images are best for non-web pages.
Static images displaying the screenshots of the same are available here .
Static images require no special software, either on the server or in the browser.
Static imagery is given a sense of motion and activity.
Static information forces the reader to determine if the recommendation is useful.
Static information is data that remains consistent.
Any static information is useless.
Static insulin doses and set meal plans are terribly difficult to manage.
Static interfaces are especially useful as constraints on template parameters.
Static invocations are method calls which have been fully defined at compile time.
Static levitation means stable suspension of an object against gravity.
Static libraries employ an archiver.
Static libraries files for libpwdb.
Static libraries have names like libfoo.a, with no version numbers.
Static lifetime is the quotient of actual reserves and last production given in years.
Static loads require a muscle to fire for a prolonged period of time without relaxing.
Static loading is a recognized musculoskeletal hazard.
Static magnets have fields.
Static magnets have magnetic fields.
Most static magnets have fields.
Most static magnets have magnetic fields.
Static mapping is possible.
Static markings can happen if moisture does get in.
Static measurements are consistently lower than helicopter traverses.
Static meditation oppresses the plurality of life and forces it to a state of calmness.
Static members behave like ordinary members in many ways.
Static memory follows immediately on.
Static memory involves declaring a fixed amount of memory in unport.src before compiling.
Static memory is data declared statically in the program at compile time.
Static methods are also particularly useful in the colder months.
Static methods are quicker than normal ones, as there is no code execution overhead.
Static methods are stateless functional calls attached to an object.
Static methods belong to the class as a whole, rather than to an instance.
Static methods Call static methods on serviced components.
Static methods can only use other static methods, or static fields.
Static methods execute independently of any specific object instance.
Static methods make the modularization so much easier.
Static navigation can be visible all the time, thus providing navigational convenience.
Some static objects encourage direct access to their properties or methods.
Static ontology is impossible but something like it is desired for stability.
Static pages are also faster to download.
Static pages are difficult to create and maintain, mainly because of the repetitiveness.
Static pages are fine.
Static pages belong buried in a time capsule.
Static pages can render a web site obsolete.
Static pages die slow.
Static pages die slowly.
Static patterns deal with the definition of the relational schema and the object model.
Static piles can work very well if kept from compacting too much.
Static piles take a great deal of time and space.
Static polymorphism is obtained by creating function or class templates.
Static poses turn wonderfully active.
Static posture leads to discomfort and lower productivity.
Static postures affect various parts of the body.
Static postures can also occur during standing work.
Static postures place as much stress on muscles and tendons as repetitive work.
Static pressure contours on the drone surface.
Static pressure is a form of potential energy.
Static pressure is correct.
Static pressure is the normal atmospheric pressure in the absence of sound.
Static pressure is the normal atmospheric pressure.
Static pressure setting on controller is incorrect.
Static pressure varies as the speed squared.
Static pressure vents free.
Static prices are a set percentage above wholesale cost.
Static printing is when the printing plates are directly imaged on the press.
Static probes display only the current data.
Static problems can be subtle, and often demand more than just a one-step solution.
Most Static profiles are for informational purposes only.
Static projections mislead badly.
Static properties are easier for programmers and compilers to reason with.
Static quality is the continuous, stabilizing aspect.
Static radio Take the case of radio astronomy.
Static RAMs can be faster and require only that power be applied to maintain the memory contents.
Static redistribution is enabled by default.
Static regions can severely shorten the life of the flash array.
Static residue can be dangerous.
Static rope is the best choice for rappeling and ascending activites.
Static ropes have very low stretch properties.
Static routes take precedence over routes chosen by all dynamic routing protocols.
Static routes take precedence over routes chosen by dymanic routing protocols.
Static routes take precedence over routes chosen by dynamic routing protocols.
Static seals conform to the conventional theory.
Static security is hard to detect and, therefore, effective.
Static sites are about publishing information to a mass audience, over and over again.
Static sites imply a static business.
Static sites suck.
Static solutions are always simpler to understand and utilise.
Static spectra are very boring to the ear.
Static stability is a measure of the strength of that returning tendency.
Static statements define the static routes used by gated .
Static storage contains data that is available for the entire time a program is running.
Static strength involves the continuous exertion of maximum muscle force for a brief period time.
Static stretches are important, no bouncing.
Static stretches reduce the force production of the stretched muscles.
Static strings are words surrounded by double quotation marks.
Static systems force administrators and users to choose between security and convenience.
Static tests are generally inadequate.
Static testing allows the force versus deflection characteristic of each device to be determined.
Static text is input into the tutorial help file.
Static titles are OK, so are static graphics.
Static torque is applied by hand and occurs relatively slowly.
Static type checking The compiler performs type checking during the first pass.
Some static types can give a reasonable performance, but even they are limited in comparison.
Static typing are typing.
Static variables are also essential when functions are called recursively.
Static variables are an alternative and perhaps even the preferred alternative.
Static variables are useful as counters.
Static variables provide the crucial functionality.
Static verification is more efficient and flexible than dynamic techniques.
Static visions depend on hiding the connections between disparate aspects of life.
Static wheel uses trapetzoid holders.
Static work overcome by dynamic action builds explosive strength best.
Static worlds become tiresome and boring quickly.
Static worlds tend to pigeon-hole the play styles dramatically.
Static wrinkles are always visible, even when all the facial muscles are resting.
Static wrinkles are wrinkles seen at rest.
Static is criticism.
Static is interference
Static is mechanics.
Static is noise.
Statics are necessary for people who want to run a consistent Web server or file server.
Statics are things like food, ammo, pools of blood, etc., and actors are the bad guys.
Statics includes pressure measurement and forces on submerged surfaces.
Statics is a prerequisite for many upper level engineering courses.
Statics is an analytical study of the effects of forces acting on a body at rest.
Statics is concerned with the equilibrium of bodies under the action of forces.
Statics is fast.
Statics is the branch of mechanics dealing with forces acting on an object at rest.
Statics is the study of particles and rigid bodies in equilibrium.
Statics is well suited to topical modules.
Some static is picked up from the shared wiring.
Statical electricity increases with the friction of the fault lines.
A statice is a bush
Statice blooms all summer until hard frost in every zone.
Statice comes in purple, bluish, white and red violet.
Statice is easy to grow and salt tolerant.
Statice likes good drainage and deep, sandy loam, so consider working in a spadeful or two of sand.
Statice likes it that way.
A statin drug is medicine
Statin drugs can even help make atherosclerosis better .
Statin drugs can even help make atherosclerosis better.
Statin is medicine
Statins also alter the immune system in subtle ways.
Statins also contain antioxidants which are known to protect the retina.
Statins also help prevent LDLs from reaching the bloodstream.
Statins are a new group of drugs used to bring down cholesterol levels.
Statins are also effective for the dyslipidemia of diabetes.
Statins are costly and inconvenient.
Statins are currently the most powerful cholesterol lowering drugs available.
Statins are generally safe and well tolerated by most people.
Statins are medications that are often prescribed to lower cholesterol.
Statins are most effective cholesterol lowering drugs.
Statins are the main type of drug used to reduce cholesterol levels.
Statins are the major type of medicines used to lower cholesterol levels.
Statins are the most widely used cholesterol medications.
Statins are well known for their cholesterol-lowering abilities.
Statins block the enzymatic pathway for cholesterol synthesis in the liver.
Statins can also cause liver problems .
Statins can also cause liver problems.
Statins can cause damage to muscle cells .
Statins can cause damage to muscle cells.
Statins directly inhibit that enzyme and reduce the amount of cholesterol that the liver makes.
Statins have few, mostly mild, documented side effects.
Statins have no effect on dietary cholesterol, and presently, diet is the only remedy.
Statins have other benefits as well.
Statins have other effects that also help prevent heart disease.
Statins just keep looking better and better.
Statins lower the level of LDLs in the bloodstream.
Statins reduce the production or increase the breakdown of LDLs.
Statins work by inhibiting a liver enzyme critical to the production of cholesterol.
Statins work by interfering with the body's ability to make cholesterol.
All statins are safe and effective for treating high cholesterol.
A station agent is a master
Station agents are unprofessional, slovenly, and lazy.
Station agents have phones to contact emergency medical services and the police.
Station buildings are currently in the planning stage.
Station cars are small, low-emission vehicles driven to and from transit stations by transit riders.
Station cars impose no maintenance or repair responsibilities on the user.
Station cars mean fewer and smaller cars in the park.
Station cars provide the same mobility with fewer hassles, while improving urban livability.
Station concourses incorporate automated ticketing systems.
Station identification is provided by up to eight characters.
Station managers can display abduction information much like severe weather bulletins.
Station managers claim they're already saturated with political commercials.
Station managers say yes.
Station model is standard.
Station numbers are non-published.
Station numbers are on front of the building.
Station numbers refer to arbitrary subdivisions of stream course.
All station officers have the authority to approve or reject trade-out requests.
Station points begin at zero at the nose.
Station stops are often longer than scheduled due to the crowds.
Some station stops are as little as two minutes long.
A station wagon is a car
Station wagon is nearly as repulsive.
Station wagons are basically sport utilities built on a full-size car chassis.
Station wagons are favorites.
Station wagons are nimbler, more fuel-efficient and nicer to look at.
Station wagons are okay.
Station wagons haul crowds and carry loads of stuff too.
Station wagons run between the capital and the large towns.
A station is a facility
Station appeal More appealing radio output has also contributed to the growth in listeners.
Station assumes no responsibility for lost, mutilated or misdirected entries.
Station begins permanent human presence.
Station boarding officers keep very busy conducting boating safety and law-enforcement boardings.
Station call letters and frequency or appear on an LCD display.
Station ceases transmission if it detects a collision.
Station comes with one leaf wetness sensor.
Station comes with one soil moisture sensor.
Station comes with one temperature probe.
Station comes with one temperature sensor.
Station has a separate bar inside and also provides catering.
Station has a separate monitor capable of displaying full-sized web pages.
Station has no presence there.
Station has simo web cast in streaming audio.
Station has the rest room only on the opposite side.
Station houses the museum.
Station incorporates a large, high-resolution screen that displays the full width of a Web page.
Station is a snipers best friend, a sensor jammer is a snipers lover.
Station is apaprox.
Station is approx.
Station is approximately a half mile on right.
Station is approximately one mile on the left.
Station is at bottom of hill on right.
Station is at end of street.
Station is at intersection of Washington and Trevino.
Station is at normal condition, all systems functional and ready to carry out operations.
Station is at the end of the street.
Station is available by appointment only.
Station is available to service providers now.
Station is battery powered.
Station is behind complex.
Station is billed as an all-purpose communications device for the kitchen or den.
Station is busy.
Station is clean and well presented.
Station is closed.
Station is connected to computer network.
Station is country format with high-profile personality morning show.
Station is designed for simplicity.
Station is first right past the church.
Station is in center.
Station is in normal condition, all systems functional and ready to carry out operations.
Station is in the terr.
Station is in thru mode.
Station is indicated with a brasss screw.
Station is installed in a vault set into a hillock.
Station is just fine.
Station is just past underpass on left.
Station is located along north side of road.
Station is located near downstream end of study reach.
Station is located on a concrete pier and is indicated by a brass screw.
Station is located on an outcrop on the south side of the road, and is indicated with a brass pin.
Station is located on north side.
Station is located within the underground seismic vault.
Station is noncommercial.
Station is now a licensed government international broadcast station.
Station is now the licensed government international broadcast station.
Station is off the air for two months for installation.
Station is on corner.
Station is on east side.
Station is on good river but the delineated watershed boundaries are wrong.
Station is on left approx.
Station is on left at bottom of hill.
Station is on left at end of street.
Station is on left behind Shopping Area.
Station is on left past rr crossing.
Station is on left.
Station is on right.
Station is on south side.
Station is on the left, at the clock tower.
Station is on the left.
Station is on the right side.
Station is on the right, at Harrison avenue.
Station is on the right, at the clock tower.
Station is on the right.
Station is one block in on the left.
Station is one block in.
Station is operational.
Station is our own automatic submission service.
Station is personality oriented in the country format.
Station is self-directed.
Station is situated on right side.
Station is solar powered.
Station is south of the courthouse, across a bridge and to the right.
Station is straight ahead.
Station is the hill station for a two company fire department.
Station is the latter.
Station is the result of extensive consumer research and close cooperation with our customers.
Station is unstaffed.
Station is up the canyon to the left.
Station is used also for educational purposes.
Station is wheelchair accessible.
Station isa facility.
Station keeping in presence of actuation failure is for example one of the achieved goals.
Station looks still new, even if some corners are dirty now.
Station makes Internet viewing more efficient.
Station means facility.
Station meets current enviromental standards.
Station now stands.
Station observe Scratch out boot before none sierra outdoor wear or fail outside no breadth.
Station offer Event opposite smell upon all wood floor finish after dealt toward some quarter.
Station projects Examples of station web sites engaging voters.
Station provide by some point but got golf component supply clubmaker.
Station Provides html and cuteFTP teaching and free resources.
Station Provides pre-natal, gynecological and family planning services.
Station receives grant cheque.
Station reserves the right to end or stop any contest at any time and for any reason.
Station reserves the right to end or stop any contest at anytime and for any reason.
Station saftey forces in the instant region of the movement.
Station says it's the victim here, and, on one score at least, no one can dispute that.
Station selects either conventional or butterfly yo-yo half and places into the rotary table.
Station serves Italian cuisine with outdoor dining.
Station sets Five different sets of stations are available.
Station specializes in adult alternative music.
Station still stands.
Station stop announcements.
Station supports full-width Web pages, parental controls and optional broadband connectivity.
Station there is a museum.
Station waiting time is adjustable from a few seconds to two minutes approx.
Stations allow for full functionality with minimum security in place.
Stations also develop and maintain checklists for diverted flights.
Stations also transmit probe frames to find access points.
Stations also use focus groups to test songs - a move derided by critics.
Stations announce their retransmission intent by transmitting control information in a minislot.
Stations appear in order from lowest to highest price, as reported by users.
Stations appear on each of the format lists in roughly alphabetical order.
Stations appreciate a ministry that opens itself up to the counsel of their affiliates.
Stations are a place of anticipation, a pause before the jump off the high dive.
Stations are able to customize what information is available to their operators.
Stations are actually payin' networks for the right to be affiliated.
Stations are always interested to have help in building audiences.
Stations are an important aspect of any public transportation system .
Stations are an important aspect of any public transportation system.
Stations are available for viewing of closed captioned videos.
Stations are buildings for the masses and the internet is the people's medium.
Stations are clean and well presented.
Stations are clean and well ventilated.
Stations are computer driven with an emphasis on problem solving and creative learning.
Stations are easily expandable add new sites or add new sensors to existing sites.
Stations are easily expandable add new sites or add sensors to existing sites.
Stations are facilities.
Stations are few and far between.
Stations are free to choose which formats to broadcast.
Stations are generally close together, averaging about a mile apart.
Stations are home for Antarctic personnel.
Stations are in many stages of development.
Stations are in the net.
Stations are located in subways.
Stations are magnet for pickpockets, crazies and at night it is a bad place.
Stations are more friendly places to wait than bus stops.
Stations are next to a railway line , or they are the terminus for a route .
Stations are next to a railway line, or they are the terminus for a route.
Stations are no longer one of x-choices in the market.
Stations are now able to drop any pretense of public service and operate strictly for profit.
Stations are of two types.
Stations are often few and far between.
Stations are owned by a  or a grazing company.
Stations are owned by a or a grazing company .
Stations are positions.
Stations are radio frequencies.
Stations are responsible for long distance charges.
Stations are self-service.
Stations are specific their target demos.
Stations are the local exchanges that offer a range of intelligent, engaging programs.
Stations are the primary source of revenues that support the public radio system.
Stations are to be cleaned up before leaving class.
Stations are unmanned with platform screen doors.
Stations are wall mountable.
Stations are welcome to join in.
Stations are well marked with regard to exit locations and train destinations.
Stations are well marked, but be prepared for a large amount of passengers.
Stations attract attention.
Stations become magnets for economic development.
Stations can be consistent without being totally predictable.
Stations can be workstations, bridges, or routers.
Stations can call district personnel to report changing conditions via cellphones or pagers.
Stations can call for a copy at the address below.
Stations can charge less to match a competitor's prices.
Stations can charge less to match competitors.
Stations can do double duty avalanche forecasting, hydrological monitoring, fire weather, and more.
Stations can exist without depots, and many do.
Stations can give away promotional items in support of the week.
Stations can have a maximum of three add-on modules.
Stations can immediately begin work on the project.
Stations can list ad space and broker sales.
Stations can measure most commercially available meteorological sensors.
Stations can measure most commercially available sensors without external signal conditioning.
Stations can negotiate leeways on matters including site design.
Stations can no longer afford to pay camera crews and producers to report on complicated stories.
Stations can offer ads on web sites in addition to on-air spots.
Stations can perform unattended control based on time or measured parameters.
Stations can promote quality development.
Stations can register online to get a FREE video of the shows.
Stations can transmit four separate channels at certain times and one HDTV channel at other times.
Stations can use all or any part of feed.
Stations can vary in configuration.
Stations can, however, say the company's slogan.
Stations carrying the game are to be announced.
Stations cater to specific audiences, usually grouped by age.
Stations Click a basin on the map to list all surface water sampling stations in the basin.
Stations come and go, befuddling listeners.
Stations commonly stream their signal.
Stations communicate using circuit switching by sharing the use of a dedicated isochronous channel.
Stations communicate using packet switching over the packet data channel.
Stations consist of modules.
Stations contain facilities.
Stations contain research facilities.
Stations continue to play instrumental versions of the song.
Stations cover most of the major areas in the city.
Stations create energy.
Stations earn all their remaining money on the local advertising market.
Stations enjoy messing up each other's promotions and contests.
Stations exists in all major and most secondary markets and generally do well.
Stations feature news, music, classic radio, and more.
Stations feature on-air personalities, news and informational programming.
Stations get loads of tapes for reporter jobs.
Stations get very few bites for producer jobs.
Stations getting the service by mail receive tapes with their schedules.
Stations give a show a few months, sometimes a year, to garner good ratings.
Stations give advertising inventory adjacent to the reports in return for the service.
Stations give away money and cars and prizes as a way to earn loyal listeners.
Stations give the companies airtime in exchange for their updates.
Stations have (part) sections.
Stations have access to listeners' e-mail addresses for their own marketing efforts.
Stations have appearances.
Stations have automatic ticket dispensers and convenient bus connections.
Stations have different appearances.
Stations have doors between platform and train.
Stations have generous promotions.
Stations have instruments.
Stations have more choices today than they did years ago.
Stations have precise instruments.
Stations have precise scientific instruments.
Stations have route maps and instructions, often in several languages.
Stations have scientific instruments.
Stations have staff.
Stations have tasks.
Stations have the ability to collect data at different time intervals.
Stations have the option of whether or when to air it.
Stations have to be all things to all people.
Stations have to be important to listeners.
Stations have to hang in there and build audience.
Stations intend to schedule overlapping topic segments such as sports, business, and weather.
Stations involve activities in math, science, reading, writing, art and fine motor skills.
Stations keep the lion's share of revenues, which goes directly to the bottom line.
Stations keep the lion's share of the revenues and gain access to a new income stream.
Stations know about all radios in the network, and compute network topology.
Stations know routes to neighbor stations by the labelling process.
Stations know that pledge drives are the most annoying things they do.
Stations like to hear what shows their viewers are watching.
Stations looking for employees please e-mail or call for rates.
Stations make a lot of money.
Stations make announcements as soon as they receive information.
Stations marked in green are under construction.
Stations monitor essential weather information and can be linked to other vineyard sensors.
Stations move, map boundaries change, data formats evolve.
Stations offer programming from all major networks.
Stations offer WCs, shops, refreshments, exchange services and accommodations and restaurants.
Stations operate reliably in harsh environments from the poles to the equator.
Stations operate reliably in harsh environments.
Stations pay for programs based on the size of their market.
Stations place the pipe on paper that feeds into a printer.
Stations play classical music.
Stations play music.
Stations provide data useful for crop management.
Stations provide information.
Stations provide parking, repairs, etc.
Stations provide variety and they are relatively easy to set up and put away.
Stations read from No.
Stations reporting a course and speed are dead-reckoned to their present position.
Stations respond that they'll have to invest huge sums in new equipment.
Stations routinely move or reject programs for reasons having to do with their local markets.
Stations send in affidavits of performance at the end of the schedule.
Stations submit logs with a maximum of four bands used.
Stations submit logs with more than four bands used.
Stations succeed only on the virtue of their programming.
Stations supply the brand name, access to content and space in their building.
Stations take chances when running controversial shows.
Stations take letters very seriously.
Stations tend to market themselves vigorously around survey.
Stations transmit data by radio, phone, cellphone, satellite, etc.
Stations transmit data by satellite, radio, and cellphone.
Stations using battery or emergency power please check in now.
Stations vary each term, and can even include cooking.
Stations always own their own listener data.
Stations often have multiple names - one for each line that intersects there.
Stations often outsource the server duties to larger companies that can handle the volume.
Stations often state their transmitting power in watts during station breaks.
Stations usually have a mini-camera as part of their standard broadcasting equipment.
All stations accept aluminum cans.
All stations appear to be aligned in the same orientation.
All stations appear to have recorded data.
All stations are able to access the Internet.
All stations are accessible.
All stations are capable of telecommunication for immediate retrieval of specific events.
All stations are commercial, which makes wide appeal the main criterion in selecting programs.
All stations are complete, down to the last pin, and ready to use.
All stations are high-platform to provide level loading.
All stations are identical and a startup menu designates it as a student or instructor station.
All stations are in the state of California, unless noted 'Sidewalks' is available for air.
All stations are off-line.
All stations are unmanned except at either end.
All stations are welcome to check in there also.
All stations are welcome to check in.
All stations attached to the network have to participate in every transmission.
All stations below have at least one crossunder.
All stations boast their architectural beauty.
All stations can access data stored in all other workstations.
All stations can have communications evry time.
All stations carry the same programming which originates in the Charleston studios.
All stations compete for a transmission channel in a random way.
All stations connect in a star configuration to a central hub, also known as a multiport repeater.
All stations contain waiting rooms, rest rooms, and other amenities.
All stations continue to operate.
All stations feature adjustable keyboards and chairs.
All stations have a private phone.
All stations have at least one free moving turnstile for officials and policemen to use.
All stations have at least three kinds, including diesel.
All stations have automatic ticket vending machines.
All stations have central platforms.
All stations have digital recording.
All stations have elevators and escalators, station design is in harmony with the surrounding areas.
All stations have full access to the Internet, email, and academic computing services.
All stations have headsets.
All stations have high platforms.
All stations have independent editorial boards.
All stations have large information panels and network maps.
All stations have level access with no steps.
All stations have mist nets and run census routes.
All stations have network and Internet access as well as colour printing capability.
All stations have signs on the platform indicating the name of the station.
All stations have single component, vertical, short-period seismometers.
All stations have some kind of artwork.
All stations have telephones and most have lighted shelters.
All stations have their equipment and sensors mounted on a mast which is mounted on a tripod base.
All stations have their respective IP address for internet access.
All stations monitor the ring.
All stations please standby and monitor.
All stations provide access to the Internet.
All stations rely on their listening audience to determine what songs get played.
All stations report at least hourly.
All stations report hourly on the half hour.
All stations report same number.
All stations report.
All stations require removable media for saving files.
All stations require the mission specialist to click on images to advance.
All stations require the mission specialist to click on text to advance.
All stations sequentially transmit a group of pulses.
All stations share the total bandwidth within the network segment.
All stations stand by for weather report.
All stations suffer from poor technical support.
All stations transmit in color.
All stations transmit over the same channel.
All stations utilize the same tools for victory.
Any station can air it.
Any station can build one at minimal cost.
Any station can establish an expanded conference call.
Any station can send one line messages to any other station.
Any station can sound like a million bucks without spending anywhere close to that.
Any station can update the location of an object.
Every station can say that.
Every station has a theme.
Every station has a web address.
Every station has a wireless connection to provide a self contained network.
Every station has independent surveys to detail past audience demographics.
Every station has limited buffer capacity to store the items broadcast by the satellite.
Every station has other stations that they look at.
Every station has to be a private station with clear company legal status.
Every station is called as frequently as is needed to get the job done.
Every station is capable of receiving transmissions from all stations, but only in half-duplex mode.
Every station is different.
Every station is in use most hours of the day.
Every station is sampled first with an electronic device similar to the one on the buoy.
Every station needs to be programmed manually.
Every station reads every frame transmitted.
Every station stands out.
Many stations also have weekend and evening hours.
Many stations also offer web surfers free screensavers and desktop wallpaper.
Many stations also sell diesel fuel, particularly along the highways.
Many stations also take temperature readings on the hour.
Many stations also tie in car wash water heating and ice melting to the geothermal system.
Many stations are cooperative with other programs.
Many stations are now fully operational.
Many stations are partisan, and virtually none do investigative work because of the risks involved.
Many stations are updated and added automatically, as well as various bug fixes.
Many stations break away from normal programming on weekends.
Many stations build their own web sites or work with a local site developer.
Many stations do have policies about such practices.
Many stations do their own polls to keep viewers and listeners posted on local races.
Many stations experience problems in the area of programming expertise.
Many stations feature bike racks and a few offer six-month rentals on bike lockers.
Many stations focus on music by Black artists.
Many stations have a shop or a kiosk .
Many stations have a shop or a kiosk.
Many stations have a taxi-sharing scheme called 'Train Taxis' for which tickets can be purchased.
Many stations have bicycle storage.
Many stations have fire safety education classes for children.
Many stations have funding from local corporations.
Many stations have groups of peasant women selling various foods, all inexpensive and usually good.
Many stations have groups of peasant women selling various foods, all inexpensive and very tasty.
Many stations have material which can be used in seminars and clinics.
Many stations have policies against such practices.
Many stations have self-service ticket machines.
Many stations have things such as shelters , ticket sales and benches .
Many stations have things such as shelters, ticket sales and benches.
Many stations have very tight budgets and run on skeleton staff.
Many stations increase their listening audience by indexing their radio station in our directory.
Many stations now find it more economical to merge thier stations into one facility.
Many stations offer call-in programs where listeners can state their opinions in an open forum.
Many stations plan to air the awards show as a television special during the Easter holiday weekend.
Many stations prefer PSAs that are short.
Many stations produce fire engineering themselves.
Many stations receive funds from government organizations.
Many stations record the show off of the public radio satellite for later broadcast.
Many stations request at least a two-week lead time.
Many stations run a news monitoring service or have one under contract.
Many stations run pledge drives and do fund-raisers.
Many stations seem resistant to the idea of longer features.
Many stations spend a good deal of their budgets on equipment and other production resources.
Many stations talk about the fact that their own production fills eight hours of airtime per day.
Many stations use a computer to automate.
Many stations use computers to edit material electronically.
Many stations use off-premises monitoring at least part of the day.
Many stations work with daily hires.
More stations are on the way.
More stations are to follow.
More stations are under construction, and extensions to the system are being planned.
More stations require more hard disk space .
Most stations also sell subway and bus tokens for New York City.
Most stations also sell tokens for New York City subways and buses.
Most stations are interested in a morning feed.
Most stations are named for the nearby road crossed by the line in question .
Most stations are named for the nearby road crossed by the line in question.
Most stations are oil-fired, though some have been converted to gas.
Most stations attract attention.
Most stations beep out questionable lyrics.
Most stations cater to the lowest comon denominator in peoples taste.
Most stations clear their schedules in the prime-time hours for adult programs.
Most stations consist of modules.
Most stations contain facilities.
Most stations contain research facilities.
Most stations create energy.
Most stations even refuse the advert for the single.
Most stations have a breaking news coverage plan.
Most stations have a taxi rank or a taxi can be hailed from the roadside.
Most stations have appearances.
Most stations have ATMs and longer-hours money exchange desks.
Most stations have automatic ticket gates.
Most stations have comfortable waiting rooms.
Most stations have diesel fuel.
Most stations have different appearances.
Most stations have instruments.
Most stations have one, generally located on the mezzanine level, near a station booth.
Most stations have precise instruments.
Most stations have precise scientific instruments.
Most stations have scientific instruments.
Most stations have some form of self-test capability built in.
Most stations have staff.
Most stations have tasks.
Most stations have their own airstrip.
Most stations have their personalities voice each show with as much timely content as possible.
Most stations make an effort to give all the candidates some exposure.
Most stations offer only self-service baggage carts.
Most stations place a metal pipe on the paper that feeds into the printer.
Most stations play classical music.
Most stations play music.
Most stations prefer to record psa's at their studios.
Most stations provide information.
Most stations really do honor viewers requests.
Most stations receive fuel shipments several times a week.
Most stations remain at or above normal for the year, much like last month.
Most stations report each hour, although some weather stations report less frequently.
Most stations show evidence of sea-level rise.
Most stations streaming their programming on the net do so for public relations purposes.
Most stations try to maintain a particular quality of sound.
Most stations use mist nets to capture birds.
Some stations accept credit cards.
Some stations actually do attempt consistent journalism and their staffs are more stable.
Some stations actually run commercials, giving the listener an insight into local customs.
Some stations allow collection of pre-booked tickets.
Some stations also collect meteorological information.
Some stations also have a room for baggage handling.
Some stations also monitor pan evaporation, soil moisture, and leaf wetness.
Some stations also plan to broadcast local programs to further discuss the issue.
Some stations also sell diesel fuel.
Some stations also transmit values for temperature, conductance, or other parameters.
Some stations are already test broadcasting.
Some stations are amusing listeners with an underground remix of the two versions.
Some stations are brief and others are miniature TV broadcast stations.
Some stations are closed at weekends or during off-peak times.
Some stations are easier to approach from certain jumpgates.
Some stations are even in stereo.
Some stations are in a cut or partly underground.
Some stations are in Latvia, others in the Ukraine, Azerbaijan, and Kazakhstan.
Some stations are in two zones, and the cheapest fare applies.
Some stations are stronger than others.
Some stations are unmanned.
Some stations are up.
Some stations are willing and able, others are scared to death.
Some stations carry fuel.
Some stations charge a service fee for processing the registration.
Some stations claim to have the most variety or claim to be on the cutting edge of radio.
Some stations concentrate on updates as opposed to full newscasts.
Some stations contain bait.
Some stations contain cereal bait.
Some stations contain liquid bait.
Some stations create artificial gravity.
Some stations create gravity.
Some stations do exceptional news coverage and pay their employees well.
Some stations even go pledge-free, briefly.
Some stations even have an additional mall-like level between the street and the mezzanine levels.
Some stations even hold contests allowing listeners to ride in the helicopter for free.
Some stations even provide special newsroom lines for cellular calls.
Some stations expect as many as three stories a day from their reporters.
Some stations feature scenes.
Some stations generate electricity.
Some stations generate power.
Some stations give free airtime to issues of public interest.
Some stations have a very targeted listenership.
Some stations have an older audience, some speak to a younger, faster-paced audience.
Some stations have artifacts and sculptures of museum quality.
Some stations have automatic controls that turn on exhaust ventilation.
Some stations have counters.
Some stations have facilities.
Some stations have hourly data available though most have daily and monthly only.
Some stations have laser disc players, scanners and digitizing peripherals for sound and video.
Some stations have levels.
Some stations have machines which distil sea water.
Some stations have many platforms, others have few.
Some stations have mop sinks, others trees.
Some stations have penetration on both sides of the island, due to relay transmitter sites.
Some stations have platforms.
Some stations have several options, others just one.
Some stations have the song in light rotation, and others are running it in heavy rotation.
Some stations have tipping bucket rain gauges.
Some stations have tracks.
Some stations have tractors in the pit to push the waste into transfer trailers.
Some stations have wonderful attractions.
Some stations make available hourly data in addition to the daily data files.
Some stations make electricity.
Some stations measure only precipitation.
Some stations offer benefits.
Some stations offer information.
Some stations offer pre-feed for recording.
Some stations offer pre-recorded programmes, accompanied by worksheets and other materials.
Some stations offer specialized programs for graphics, publications, and design.
Some stations ONLY accept printed script that their announcers read.
Some stations only schedule the series at certain times of the year.
Some stations plan their chitchat in advance and set aside time for it in their newscasts.
Some stations play only one kind of music all the time.
Some stations produce electricity.
Some stations provide daily snowfall, snow depth, evaporation, and soil temperature data.
Some stations provide data more often than others.
Some stations provide services.
Some stations receive rain.
Some stations reflect laser pulses.
Some stations reflect powerful laser pulses.
Some stations reflect pulses.
Some stations reflect sunlight.
Some stations report barometric pressure as well.
Some stations report rain.
Some stations report regularly and some report only occasionally or for local events.
Some stations require a demo- tape.
Some stations require colleges to underwrite the costs of local broadcast transmission.
Some stations review shelter build techniques.
Some stations review techniques.
Some stations run slower on our network as well.
Some stations save energy.
Some stations schedule the show so that the hours are reversed.
Some stations send program guides, newsletters, booklets, and even travel information.
Some stations serve as hideouts.
Some stations solely report the news and nothing else.
Some stations suffer explosions.
Some stations take longer than others.
Some stations transmit only on the Internet.
Some stations use a friendly reminder with an intercom message.
Some stations use both languages.
Some stations use software.
Some stations use the automatic ticket-checking machines at the gate.
Some stations use their sites to promote events and sell merchandise, like T-shirts and cd's.
Some stations use turbines.
Stationary appearance is an important factor in creating a positive company image.
Stationary appetizers cost less than passed hors d'oeuvres, which also require wait staff.
All stationary ARs are invertible.
All stationary awnings come unassembled.
Stationary bicycles are more user-friendly and come either upright or horizontal.
Stationary bicycles are the most popular way to get exercise.
Stationary bikes are even better, because there is less chance of falling.
Stationary bikes are fairly economical and easy to use safely.
Stationary bikes are generally quite inexpensive.
Stationary bikes have a separate room.
Stationary cartridge seals.
Stationary comets are usually deep sky objects or internal reflections.
Stationary designs are the best.
Stationary discharges are also possible, the best known example being the neon tube.
Stationary engineers are in charge of the systems that keep buildings comfortable.
Stationary engineers operate equipment which provide power to buildings.
Stationary engineers start up, regulate, and shut down equipment.
Stationary engineers start up, regulate, repair and shut down equipment.
Many stationary engineers have some college education.
Some stationary engineers learn their skills through an apprenticeship.
Stationary feeders are expensive and difficult to maintain.
Stationary feeders can create problems with predators.
Stationary fronts are also good places for new low pressure areas to begin and grow into storms.
Stationary fronts behave like warm fronts, but are more quiescent.
Stationary fronts bring weather.
Stationary fronts can bring days of bad weather.
Most stationary fronts bring weather.
Some stationary fronts bring precipitation.
Stationary hazards account for the majority of cycling accidents.
Stationary images shift in small increments creating a screen saver effect.
Stationary items are available from Central Duplicating.
Stationary land based platforms have simpler and less costly logistical access to the base .
Stationary land based platforms have simpler and less costly logistical access to the base.
Stationary locals represent members who usually work in the building maintenance field.
Stationary lumps are more yin in nature and more difficult to treat.
Stationary machines are face shovels, backhoes, draglines and grabs.
Stationary mixers have more powerful motors and therefore can handle heavier mixing jobs.
Stationary models install directly into concrete footings.
Stationary models provide a long post on each end frame for installation in concrete footings.
Stationary nobles make tempting targets for highwaymen and robbers.
Stationary noise is continuous, such as a fan or traffic noise.
Any stationary object makes for a bike rack.
Stationary paper is most suitable for resumes, letters and invitations.
Stationary people are much easier to find.
Stationary phase Dying and dividing organisms are at an equilibrium.
Stationary phase results from a situation in which growth rate and death rate are equal.
Stationary point processes.
Stationary poses alternate with action during a set of exercises.
Stationary postures strengthen muscles while flowing postures are more aerobic.
Stationary radiation cataracts - an animal model.
Stationary readings tend to be the most reliable.
Stationary refugees are no longer 'news', apparently.
Stationary scaffolds are the most common and usually the easiest to figure and erect.
Stationary shelf has a laminate surface.
Stationary shots give way to flowing movement.
Stationary shredders require site facilities such as a foundation and a power source.
All stationary sizes are standard.
Stationary source is concerned with the emissions from facilities or industrial sources.
Stationary sources account for five percent of the toxicity-weighted emissions.
Stationary sources account for five percent.
Stationary sources are heavy industrial polluters, say a steel mill or an oil refinery.
Some stationary sources have to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions.
Stationary spins undergo no net change in phase after the two gradients are applied.
Stationary surveillance is out lined for both urban and rural settings.
Stationary systems are fairly inexpensive and can be constructed relatively easily.
Some stationary systems can be non-ergodic.
Stationary tables are shipped common carrier, please call for a quote.
Stationary trainers are highly recommended.
Some stationary trainers offer adjustment.
Stationary units are things like factories, refineries, and buoys.
Stationary versions require some type of a self aligning feature to prevent constant movement.
Stationary walkers are much safer.
Stationary water is a poor conductor of heat and ice forms on the top and around the sides.
Most stationery stores carry blank share certificates.
Most stationery stores have power of attorney forms.
A stationery is paper
Stationeries are located in desks.
Stationeries are located in drawers.
Stationeries are located in offices.
Stationeries are located in post offices.
Stationery can often be delivered within days, books require longer.
Stationery includes a midi, unless noted otherwise.
Stationery includes scrolling paper and a midi, unless noted otherwise.
Stationery is a fabulous time-saver.
Stationery is also available on a cash basis.
Stationery is also available.
Stationery is also expensive.
Stationery is another camp essential.
Stationery is available in a variety of styles and colors including some for holiday seasons.
Stationery is for sending the same message or headers to the same people.
Stationery is issued on the first day of the year.
Stationery is made from recycled paper.
Stationery is smart for anyone who likes to write longer letters.
Stationery Make cool stationery with a notepad, paint, and a potato.
Stationery Notes Our new stationery notes can be used to write short letters.
Stationery refers to writing paper and envelopes.
Stationery Take some envelopes and blank paper and design.
All stationery has preset margins and text color.
All stationery is packed in strong presentation boxes.
All stationery shown comes exactly as is, no other paper colors options are available.
Some stationery comes with matching envelopes.
Stationlink buses have visual and audible directions.
Statist grace is, however, what man wants.
Statistic methods require the collection and computation of many mathematical values.
Statistic tracking captures the number of candidates to view positions.
A statistic is a datum
Statistic also is the numerical value that results when the function is applied to the sample.
Statistic are good for evaluating weaknesses.
Statistic is calculated, and the usual asymptotic chi-square distribution is used to decide Ho.
Statistic isa cognition.
Statistic isa knowledge.
Statistic show that leaders of many types of organizations have similar problems.
Statistics abound when looking into traffic issues.
Statistics above includes some sites which include foreign government finance data.
Statistics accumulate on a scale of one to one.
Statistics add credence to such statements.
Statistics add panache to any research paper, but they can be hard to find.
Statistics add substance to the feedback.
Statistics add the proper sense of perspective and of relative magnitudes.
Statistics again indicate about an eighty percent compliance rate with the notices.
Statistics align themselves to natural tendencies.
Statistics allows the student to see the usefulness of mathematics.
Statistics alone can never paint a complete development picture of the PDMCs.
Statistics alone convey the measure of the team's misery.
Statistics alone reveal the danger of ignoring men's responsibilities in the family.
Statistics also features in many joint degrees.
Statistics also have inherent value, aside from enabling skills.
Statistics also indicate that older bikers are more likely to drink alcohol before riding.
Statistics also indicate the area around the home and office is the most dangerous.
Statistics also is required.
Statistics also make good visuals.
Statistics also measure exports to specific countries from specified customs districts.
Statistics also offer good proof of discrimination.
Statistics also offers a co-operative education program.
Statistics also point to increased incidents of cybercrime.
Statistics also prove that they have stronger and healthier nerves than men.
Statistics also provide evidence of the profession's concern for solicitors in difficulty.
Statistics also show a great diversity amongst developing countries.
Statistics also show how well the student has done in relation to others.
Statistics also show it's the least churched state in the country.
Statistics also show that British women are starting a family later in life.
Statistics also show that drug abuse destroys our society.
Statistics also show that girls are in a worse position than boys.
Statistics also show that nearly one-third of all abortion clinic clients are repeat customers .
Statistics also show that nearly one-third of all abortion clinic clients are repeat customers.
Statistics also show that sexual assault is a primary reason women transfer to other colleges.
Statistics also show that skin cancer is first appearing in younger people.
Statistics also show that very few children die, largely due to the vigilence of their parents.
Statistics also show that women earn less than men.
Statistics also show the effect of separation on families.
Statistics also shows an increased mortality rate of cancer with age.
Statistics also suffer from being the official count only.
Statistics appear at the end of each session.
Statistics are a big part of every game player.
Statistics are a big part of sports and the triple-double showed their versatility.
Statistics are a cold way to tell a story, but they are impressive nevertheless.
Statistics are a diversionary artillery barrage fired every time a difficult question is asked.
Statistics are a male oriented way of trying to understand human nature.
Statistics are a powerful servant, but can be a capricious master.
Statistics are a second priority.
Statistics are a spin-off of operational analysis at station level.
Statistics are a tool for extracting information from data.
Statistics are a tool to determine quantitative numbers and to analyze trends.
Statistics are a tricky business in any endeavor, and survey analysis is no exception.
Statistics are a useful tool when examining probable victim locations.
Statistics are a very nice addition to the game.
Statistics are a weaker form of evidence for their accuracy can always be questioned.
Statistics are a wonderful discipline.
Statistics are according to Seattle times news.
Statistics are against it.
Statistics are also a valuable tool for looking at data and giving meaning to it.
Statistics are also available for major programs.
Statistics are also available to highlight any bottlenecks.
Statistics are also available.
Statistics are also impressive for births.
Statistics are also useful in site maintenance.
Statistics are always good to include but a bore to read pages of.
Statistics are among the hardest kinds of information to find.
Statistics are an essential first step to controlling workplace safety and health.
Statistics are an integral component of evaluating the success of an infertility practice.
Statistics are an integral part of baseball.
Statistics are an interesting thing.
Statistics are another strength.
Statistics are appropriate here.
Statistics are at the bottom of the page.
Statistics are available below.
Statistics are available by dollar or percentages.
Statistics are available by industry and by geographic area.
Statistics are available for a few industries, however.
Statistics are available for regions and industries.
Statistics are available free online.
Statistics are available here .
Statistics are available in a variety of formats.
Statistics are available instantly.
Statistics are available on a monthly, quarterly, and yearly basis.
Statistics are available on a nation-wide basis and by four large geographical regions.
Statistics are available on a nation-wide basis, or divided into four wide regions.
Statistics are available on a region by region basis.
Statistics are available on all our trailers.
Statistics are available on convictions and reconvictions recorded by all sexual offenders.
Statistics are available on each guild, what their modifiers are and their stat requirements.
Statistics are available on numbers of accidents per year.
Statistics are available on request.
Statistics are available on their secure Web site or via a weekly email report.
Statistics are available online and detail both earnings and referral counts.
Statistics are available online and via e-mail.
Statistics are available subject to server performance.
Statistics are available to track the amount of aid awarded on the Early Version records.
Statistics are available upon request.
Statistics are available.
Statistics are Available.
Statistics are boring.
Statistics are both an instrument of knowledge and a tool for advocacy.
Statistics are both ancient and astonishingly modern.
Statistics are both current and retrospective.
Statistics are by commodity, country and state.
Statistics are by crops, covering balance of supply and demand for one season.
Statistics are certainly valuable.
Statistics are cold.
Statistics are complex and can be conflicting.
Statistics are complicated as there is frequently a desire to 'keep it in the family'.
Statistics are critical to our insurance costs, as well as professional insurance of physicians.
Statistics are current as of noon or midnight, whichever is most recent.
Statistics are datums.
Statistics are detailed and reliable but can be slow in publication.
Statistics are difficult to obtain.
Statistics are equally poor when government agencies are the work sites.
Statistics are especially important when trying to interpret the results of an experiment.
Statistics are estimates and information is presented as opinion.
Statistics are everywhere and seen by everyone.
Statistics are everywhere.
Statistics are exportable in XML format.
Statistics are extremely powerful and can be dangerous.
Statistics are figures, which show relationships among phenomena.
Statistics are fine, if used sparingly.
Statistics are for geeks.
Statistics are for the equations with the lowest standard error for each forecast date.
Statistics are from a composite of top performing firms.
Statistics are from our computer showing volume of books sold.
Statistics are from partner churches and missionary counselors in areas around the world.
Statistics are funny that way.
Statistics are funny things.
Statistics are generally misleading and predictions are practically always false.
Statistics are glorious things.
Statistics are good, but when they aren t targeted to real game situations they are of little use.
Statistics are hard to come by due to the confidentiality of medical records.
Statistics are hard to come by.
Statistics are immediately available at any time during the game through a simple directory.
Statistics are important for understanding social science data.
Statistics are important, but a lot of bettors base their expectations on the last few games.
Statistics are important.
Statistics are impressive and convincing.
Statistics are in the brief.
Statistics are irrelevant to a career in the helping professions.
Statistics are it.
Statistics are labor-intensive to gather and present.
Statistics are less certain than they seem.
Statistics are like a bikini.
Statistics are like biblical verses.
Statistics are like bikinis.
Statistics are like the pup in the pic.
Statistics are mathematical methods of interrogating data.
Statistics are more easily available for the sport that is being played at the time of the lesson.
Statistics are more stable and vary less with increasing number of data points.
Statistics are most meaningful in baseball, be they player, team or generic.
Statistics are never exactly clear from different parties.
Statistics are never exciting.
Statistics are no substitute for judgement.
Statistics are no substitute for judgment.
Statistics are nothing more than actual results.
Statistics are nothing more than recorded observations.
Statistics are now somewhat out of date, but the text provides useful commentary.
Statistics are numbers looking for an arguement.
Statistics are numbers that characterize a sample.
Statistics are numbers to describe ideas.
Statistics are numbers, which represent some aspect of the entity or process being monitored.
Statistics are numbers.
Statistics are numerical facts, generated from the collection and analysis of data.
Statistics are numerically formulated facts used to describe observations of size or frequency.
Statistics are of course numbers which are in some sense descriptive.
Statistics are often difficult to track down.
Statistics are often necessary in papers.
Statistics are often very useful, but there can be pitfalls.
Statistics are on our side.
Statistics are one of the basic tools that psychologists use to conduct research.
Statistics are one of the enemies here.
Statistics are one of the standard types of evidence used by people in our society.
Statistics are only a small part of the overall research process.
Statistics are only a very limited means of describing the level of safety.
Statistics are only as good as the representativeness of the sample.
Statistics are only available after the end of the month.
Statistics are only available at the industry level.
Statistics are only part of the story, however.
Statistics are only statistics.
Statistics are part of our everyday life.
Statistics are poor on water use, water availability, and irrigated area on a global scale.
Statistics are prepared for the calendar year.
Statistics are presented for educational purposes only.
Statistics are pretty much the same thing.
Statistics are problematic.
Statistics are provisional, subject to change.
Statistics are public - view by clicking on tracker button.
Statistics are public - viewed by clicking on tracker button.
Statistics are public, and are viewed by clicking on the tracker button.
Statistics are real-time.
Statistics are scary, and provide no solution to the problem.
Statistics are scientific and objective.
Statistics are separate from using a web page counter.
Statistics are similar across Europe.
Statistics are similar after the second attack.
Statistics are similar elsewhere.
Statistics are similar in South Dakota, Iowa, Kansas and Missouri.
Statistics are slower to compute than a normal search, so be patient.
Statistics are snapshots of a moving target anyway.
Statistics are something people manipulate.
Statistics are something the students are used to seeing and analyzing as part of their course work.
Statistics are sometimes misleading.
Statistics are still estimates about the quantity of fonds and files involved.
Statistics are still statistics, whether based on comprehensive census or sampling.
Statistics are still uncertain.
Statistics are strange animals.
Statistics are strange things.
Statistics are the business of computers, human milestones are the business of newspapers.
Statistics are the DNA of baseball.
Statistics are the food of love.
Statistics are then in the student s favor for making an educated guess from the remaining answers.
Statistics are there to prove it.
Statistics are to be gathered to help in the re-evaluation.
Statistics are to be gathered to help in the reevaluation.
Statistics are too imprecise to be much use.
Statistics are tools, used for particular purposes.
Statistics are tricky.
Statistics are uncertain, as registration of traffic accidents is made from different principles.
Statistics are unofficial.
Statistics are up to the minute.
Statistics are up.
Statistics are update for every game and the final standings are below.
Statistics are updated weekly and can be displayed by month, week, day or even hour.
Statistics are updated weekly.
Statistics are used to estimate bird diversity and population density.
Statistics are usually available at the town hall or the state house.
Statistics are very extensive.
Statistics are vital for researchers in the agricultural sciences.
Statistics are well referenced and the information, as a whole, is of high standard.
Statistics are wonderful things.
Statistics associating ethnicity and educational employment in Scotland are 'virtually invisible'.
Statistics based on first-pass yields confirm it.
Statistics based on other employment size ranges are available on request.
Statistics bear out impressions.
Statistics bear out that the death penalty has been disproportionately applied against Black people.
Statistics bear out the cabbie.
Statistics bear out the claim.
Statistics bear out the degree of change.
Statistics bear out the excellent records West Georgia and Valdosta State boast.
Statistics bear out the latter.
Statistics bear out the pair's experience.
Statistics bear out the senator's observation.
Statistics bear testimony to the growing scale of commercial involvement.
Statistics bear that out.
Statistics become magnified.
Statistics belie the argument that blacks and whites in America are now equal.
Statistics belongs in a college's basic curriculum.
Statistics Below are answers to some questions that often come up.
Statistics Below is a list of descriptions for each kind of statistic.
Statistics break down by player, set, rotation, end, skill and points scored.
Statistics can also be misleading because dogs are often misidentified.
Statistics can also come up occasionally in more direct ways.
Statistics can also demean the human side of the tragedy of suicide.
Statistics can be a burden, especially on firms sent long and complex questionnaires.
Statistics can be a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Statistics can be both actual and hypothetical.
Statistics can be difficult, because it is hard to know how to count things.
Statistics can be either very simple or extremely complex.
Statistics can be enjoyable.
Statistics can be fascinating, but harping on the importance of a random sample is exceedingly dull.
Statistics can be fun to play with, but they are no more than averages.
Statistics can be helpful in determining the correct sample size.
Statistics can be misleading or even made up.
Statistics can be misleading, however.
Statistics can be misleading.
Statistics can be powerful tools for learning.
Statistics can be reflective of real life.
Statistics can be very complex, but it can also be simple and straightforward.
Statistics can be very helpful in managing risks.
Statistics can cover anything except our broken hearts.
Statistics can easily determine the correlations among indicators.
Statistics can guide by topic to the fast and good feeds.
Statistics can help a lot in interpreting information about humans.
Statistics can help a person decide what kind of car to purchase.
Statistics can help decide the authorship of literary works.
Statistics can help farmers identify particularly dangerous situation on their farms.
Statistics can help make decisions throughout the political arena.
Statistics can help.
Statistics can injure human beings once that data are invested with political power.
Statistics can lead to false impressions.
Statistics can lie in a number of ways.
Statistics can lie.
Statistics can make telling reading and last night's proved a pertinent point.
Statistics can never meet human needs.
Statistics can never show the real results of changes made at the local level.
Statistics can provide a shared understanding of Scotland's needs and opportunities.
Statistics can range from the fairly common to the very unusual.
Statistics can resonate.
Statistics can reveal so much about a topic, and then obscure the truth just as fast.
Statistics can show the devastating injuries and loss of life caused by drunken drivers.
Statistics can sometimes be as amusing as funhouse mirrors.
Statistics change every year and all categories are highly competitive.
Statistics Check out how the players are doing.
Statistics Check out our web server statistics .
Statistics Check out some interesting statistics about students.
Statistics Check out the latest statistics and news on the plastics industry.
Statistics clarify information and help to give a clear indication of what is happening.
Statistics clearly indicate that women are under-represented in technology.
Statistics clearly show that the better the attendance, the better the grade, in most instances.
Statistics Click on an activity title to go to that activity.
Statistics Click on one of the games below to see the game stats.
Statistics come across much better in print to their intended audience.
Statistics come alive and show people what is going on.
Statistics come from both government and other sources.
Statistics come in many forms and interpretations.
Statistics come in three flavors as mentioned earlier.
Statistics come in very handy for needs assessments.
Statistics coming out about the web continue to purport the importance of good word of mouth.
Statistics compare the state to the nation and each county to the state.
Statistics comprise the other major portion that defines characters.
Statistics concerning child heath and nutrition are particularly shocking.
Statistics concerning girls' education are much worse.
Statistics concerning infant and maternity care are mixed.
Statistics concerning profits in the slave trade are also difficult to obtain.
Statistics concerning the slave trade are often inaccurate or missing.
Statistics concerns patterns of chance.
Statistics confirm how elusive success can be.
Statistics confirm that good lighting reduces crime.
Statistics confirm that more violent crimes are being committed by increasingly younger children.
Statistics confirm the revolution that email is fomenting.
Statistics confirm the trend.
Statistics confirm the widespread interest in astronomy.
Statistics contains some elementary statistical analysis functions.
Statistics continue to indicate that the on-line journal is used for current awareness.
Statistics continue to support the fact that students do better when parents are involved.
Statistics convey some idea of the severity of the crisis.
Statistics courses for about four years.
Statistics courses for over four years.
Statistics courses that are offered by other departments are also acceptable.
Statistics courses There are three statistics courses.
Statistics cover finance, membership, staffing and stock, as well as other topics.
Statistics cover information on presidential, congressional and gubernatorial races.
Statistics cover Internet usage, user demographics, e-commerce data, and related topics.
Statistics cover only members of each regional library system.
Statistics cover social, political, and economic affairs of the U.S. government.
Statistics cover the past month, the past quarter, and the past year.
Statistics cover virtually everything of interest to the public.
Statistics covered by the branch include mining, building and public finance.
Statistics Covers all aspects of Japan.
Statistics create another problem.
Statistics create the impression that the administrators are doing something to improve schools.
Statistics creeps into all walks of lives.
Statistics crosses cultural boundaries.
Statistics deal with state totals, metropolitan areas, counties, and places.
Statistics deals with distribution of numbers in a given set of numbers.
Statistics deals with methods for the collection, visualization, modeling and analysis of data.
Statistics deals with methods for the collection, visualization, modeling, and analysis of data.
Statistics deals with the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data.
Statistics deals with the collection, analysis, and presentation of numerical data.
Statistics demonstrate a dramatic decline over past years.
Statistics demonstrate high survival rates among transplant recipients.
Statistics demonstrate that healthy pregnancies produce healthier, more thriving babies.
Statistics demonstrate the significant influx of women into the sciences over the past few decades.
Statistics denotes a body of methods for reaching conclusions from data.
Statistics depersonalize events, turning people into portions of percents.
Statistics describe a disease epidemic growing quickly out of control.
Statistics describe our children as frenzied drug users.
Statistics Describe the statistical design of the experiment.
Statistics describing the signers are available.
Statistics disprove that assumption.
Statistics do drive a point home, rather sharply.
Statistics do have a place and in the right place are legitimate analytical tools.
Statistics do indeed support headlines about record high Canadian incomes.
Statistics do show a continuing decline in circulation.
Statistics do show a rise in injury at all levels due to the higher performance bats.
Statistics do show that web neophytes are fueling e-commerce's geometric growth.
Statistics Do some basic statistics on input file.
Statistics document a dramatic increase in system use with the addition of online journals.
Statistics document the unfairness of the sentencing and execution of the death penalty.
Statistics don t work with infinity.
Statistics dramatically show that Web versions of reports are used and read.
Statistics drive the organization.
Statistics electives from a list of statistics major elective courses.
Statistics elevate social trends from the anecdotal to the general.
Statistics estimate parameters.
Statistics estimates for nonreporting states.
Statistics eventually get to the researchers themselves.
Statistics Examine the visitor statistics for our web site.
Statistics exclude data from Zanzibar.
Statistics exists to be applied to data.
Statistics Explain the purpose of statistics in the area of assessment.
Statistics fail entirely to reflect the amount of work women perform for no wages at all.
Statistics fail to reveal more dramatic regional differences.
Statistics FAQs .
Statistics fill out the story.
Statistics Find an average.
Statistics focus on non-intentional injuries in older adults such as home injuries and falls.
Statistics Focuses on indicators of the condition and progress of education in the United States.
Statistics follow special trade methodology.
Statistics Following are estimates of statistics on imports and exports.
Statistics Following are strategies for finding statistics on the Internet.
Statistics Generate several sets of data and compare the mean, median, and mode of the sets.
Statistics generated during the HTML archive creation are available.
Statistics generated from the Reports are always public.
Statistics Get statistics on crime, offenders and victims.
Statistics give conflicting answers.
Statistics give evidence of widespread sexual compulsion among homosexual men.
Statistics give evidence of widespread sexual compulsiveness among homosexual men.
Statistics give industries credibility.
Statistics give some idea of the inequalities young women experience.
Statistics given include gender and ethnicity breakdowns.
Statistics given includes imports, exports, industrial production, stocks and construction, etc.
Statistics gives a good overview of bar graphs and random samples and everything in between.
Statistics gives insurance companies the right answer.
Statistics gives students methods for analysing information presented in numerical form.
Statistics goes to school.
Statistics graphically tell the story.
Statistics grow even more top heavy when the entire public sampling is reported.
Statistics has a broad base of real world applications.
Statistics has a mathematical foundation.
Statistics has an answer to that.
Statistics has many other uses and can be used in all different areas of life.
Statistics has two basic levels of activity - descriptive and inferential .
Statistics have a pernicious reputation, but that one tells an incontrovertible truth.
Statistics have little impact on such risk assessments.
Statistics have multiple modalities or goals.
Statistics have shown it, it is most used way to find websites.
Statistics have shown that the more patients know about their illness, the better off they are.
Statistics help .
Statistics Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Statistics help engineers analyze risk during device testing.
Statistics help identify problems and can monitor the effectiveness of remedies.
Statistics help justify implementation and act as an indicator.
Statistics help provide a critical examination of the subject across the globe.
Statistics help to suggest what changes can be implemented in a site to improve traffic.
Statistics helps in inferring about the population based upon the sample.
Statistics helps one analyze data collected from say, experiments or questionaires.
Statistics helps the human mind to comprehend the scattered data as an organized whole.
Statistics helps to choose among the alternatives when a word can be decoded in more than one way.
Statistics herein refer to the original editions only.
Statistics Hit counts are such a dubious thing.
Statistics identify numbers of marketing professionals and other staff employed by the banks.
Statistics illustrate how profound that change has been.
Statistics illustrate the point.
Statistics includes both applied and mathematical statistics.
Statistics Includes profiles of the student population.
Statistics includes research publications from various programs.
Statistics Includes statistical information from the colonial period through the present.
Statistics indeed indicate that dermal exposures are getting out of hand.
Statistics indicate a kind of stability in birth rates within the last three years.
Statistics indicate a reduction in rates of all crimes, except thefts and alcohol infractions.
Statistics indicate an increase in boomerang kids over the past two decades.
Statistics indicate approximately one in three women are raped in adulthood.
Statistics indicate business incubators work by nurturing new businesses and spawning new jobs.
Statistics indicate otherwise.
Statistics indicate that a surprising number of relationships begin in the office place.
Statistics indicate that about half of all marriages end in divorce.
Statistics indicate that alcohol consumption is on the increase.
Statistics indicate that business from web sites is growing exponentially.
Statistics indicate that capable and diligent students do very well in honors classes.
Statistics indicate that check volume is at a peak and continues to grow.
Statistics indicate that complaints of provocation and harsh discipline are rising nationwide.
Statistics indicate that electronic transmissions also have fewer errors.
Statistics indicate that every nine seconds, a woman is battered in America.
Statistics indicate that family coherence has a profound effect on physical health as well.
Statistics indicate that figures are similar for other western countries.
Statistics indicate that hunting and shooting are safer than many other outdoor pursuits.
Statistics indicate that if a person is a member for six years then they are a member for life.
Statistics indicate that in reality few succeed.
Statistics indicate that interest in broadband access to the Internet is growing.
Statistics indicate that large reserve collections receive far less use from students.
Statistics indicate that less than one claim in a thousand involved yellowing of any kind.
Statistics indicate that most accidents are caused by unsafe acts rather than unsafe conditions.
Statistics indicate that most of Florida's criminals are usually low-lifes from the Northeast.
Statistics indicate that one in five parked vehicles is left unlocked.
Statistics indicate that one in three women and one in six men have experienced sexual abuse.
Statistics indicate that one out of every five break-ups is due to sexual dysfunction.
Statistics indicate that one out of every three break-ups is due to sexual dysfunction.
Statistics indicate that one out of five families move every year.
Statistics indicate that one out of four couples have difficulty conceiving a child.
Statistics indicate that one-third of all brides today are pregnant.
Statistics indicate that only four percent of Delaware mammals are at risk of disappearing forever.
Statistics indicate that our Web pages get a fair number of hits per month.
Statistics indicate that out of every hundred resumes mailed, only one to four interviews result.
Statistics indicate that over a quarter of a million people in the U.S. break their hip every year.
Statistics indicate that overall, college drinking is down from a decade ago.
Statistics indicate that sharing our homes with animals is the norm rather than the exception.
Statistics indicate that the initiative works too.
Statistics indicate that the number of suicides rise during the winter months.
Statistics indicate that the rich have become richer and the poor have become poorer.
Statistics indicate that the teen pregnancy rate in the United States is decreasing.
Statistics indicate that the vast majority of school graduates end up working in the private sector.
Statistics indicate that the younger the child, the greater the adoption demand.
Statistics indicate that there is a pronounced racial disparity in death sentences.
Statistics indicate that there is no shortage of CPU cycles but a shortage of memory.
Statistics indicate that there was no significant difference between the two metam products.
Statistics indicate that they are passing a lot more people now than they ever have before.
Statistics indicate that toddlers who are read to on average grow up to have greater self-worth.
Statistics indicate that webcasting still has a lot of shaking out to do.
Statistics indicate that women are three times more likely to suffer from migraine than are men.
Statistics indicate that, overall, college drinking is down from a decade ago.
Statistics indicate the possibility is higher than parents think.
Statistics indicate the tornado enthusiasts picked a good place to study.
Statistics indicate there's reason for concern.
Statistics indicate why.
Statistics indicate, according to the study, that women tend to live longer than men.
Statistics indicate, however, that golf is more popular than that.
Statistics Invoke the program statistics .
Statistics involves the analysis of genuine data.
Statistics involves the collection and interpretation of data for use in decision-making.
Statistics is a basic tool used by sociologists.
Statistics is a biased form of number forecasting .
Statistics is a branch of mathematics that scientists use to analyze data from their experiments.
Statistics is a comprehensive subject and builds on itself.
Statistics is a crucial part of any data analysis.
Statistics is a cumulative discipline.
Statistics is a difficult subject to learn on one's own.
Statistics is a discipline which builds progressively.
Statistics is a discipline which demands to be taught in an applied context.
Statistics is a fascinating, demanding subject.
Statistics is a field that studies data.
Statistics is a field which poses many interesting mathematical problems.
Statistics is a frightening word for most social science students.
Statistics is a great field for men and women.
Statistics is a great field to pursue since there are so many diverse areas to explore.
Statistics is a highly useful tool in helping scientists keep a handle on variability.
Statistics is a language.
Statistics is a mathematical tool used to analyze data.
Statistics is a powerful scientific tool.
Statistics is a practical subject, and it requires practice .
Statistics is a pre-requisite course for all students.
Statistics is a quantitative subject.
Statistics is a really cool branch of mathematics.
Statistics is a science of information gathering, data analysis and decision making.
Statistics is a science of probability, a science that studies chance.
Statistics is a science of the future.
Statistics is a science used by health care researchers, sociologists, marketers and planners.
Statistics is a set of procedures for organizing, displaying, and interpreting data.
Statistics is a small part of performing research.
Statistics is a special field in mathematics.
Statistics is a subject taught in colleges and some high schools.
Statistics is a tool for researchers.
Statistics is a tool for the evaluation of observations.
Statistics is a tool used to organize information and to draw inferences about data.
Statistics is a tricky business, however.
Statistics is a unique and unusual topic involving some very abstract and weird ideas.
Statistics is a useful tool in providing insight by means of data.
Statistics is a very logical discipline.
Statistics is a very useful tool for making sense out of the data needed to control processes.
Statistics is a way of answering questions to some difficult problems.
Statistics is a way of summarizing distributions.
Statistics is a way to describe or explain the usual behavior of the members of a population.
Statistics is about learning from data.
Statistics is about numbers that represent certain ideas.
Statistics is about understanding the world through data.
Statistics is accepted as college level mathematics at some schools.
Statistics is alien to everyday concerns and of little use for judging individual persons.
Statistics is also a useful minor for students in quantitative majors.
Statistics is also an important tool in operations research.
Statistics is also important in many aspects of society such as business, industry and government.
Statistics is also the art of making numerical conjectures about puzzling questions.
Statistics is also, by definition, an information science.
Statistics is an applied discipline and justifies itself only in useful application.
Statistics is an applied science.
Statistics is an area that calls for strong mathematical skills and an interest in problem solving.
Statistics is an effective means of reducing test costs.
Statistics is an exciting field for anyone interested in sporting events.
Statistics is an important part of modern geographic research.
Statistics is an important tool in the pharmaceutical development process.
Statistics is an important yet often unconscious part of our lives.
Statistics is an increasingly important field of study.
Statistics is an integral part of today's information-rich industrial environment.
Statistics is an undergraduate course which exposes students to a range of consulting topics.
Statistics is another area of mathematics that is a related, but yet distinct, from probability.
Statistics is another area which is growing.
Statistics is applied in many fields.
Statistics is at the heart of decision making in industry, and scientific and medical research.
Statistics is basic to quantitative research in the biological, physical, and social sciences.
Statistics is basically the science of uncertainty.
Statistics is both an exciting intellectual discipline and a powerful scientific tool.
Statistics is concerned with data analysis.
Statistics is concerned with designing investigations to minimize the effects of uncertainty.
Statistics is concerned with drawing conclusions and making decisions from empirical data.
Statistics is concerned with drawing sound inferences from a limited amount of data.
Statistics is concerned with observations, or experiments.
Statistics is concerned with the theory of how to collect and analyse data.
Statistics is considerably different from mathematics.
Statistics is considered as science of data.
Statistics is cumulative in nature.
Statistics is displayed for each branch of the tree.
Statistics is divided into four parts.
Statistics is easy.
Statistics is fundamental to contemporary biomedical research.
Statistics is here .
Statistics is important for the marketing of the web site.
Statistics is introduced and the use of a calculator is stressed in the course.
Statistics is like a bikini.
Statistics is like math but with lots of word problems.
Statistics is more than a tool for research.
Statistics is mostly the manipulation of numbers.
Statistics is needed everywhere.
Statistics is no different.
Statistics is one area which is wide open for such practices.
Statistics is one of a researcher's most powerful tools.
Statistics is one of the glues that binds together the functional areas of business.
Statistics is one of the most important tools in psychology, and in most other sciences as well.
Statistics is one of the most useful, misunderstood and maligned disciplines ever created.
Statistics is one of the resources of historical research.
Statistics is one such theory.
Statistics is philosophically fascinating and diverse in application.
Statistics is presented as a bunch of nuggets.
Statistics is presented in a convenient graphic form.
Statistics is recommended as is senior status.
Statistics is recommended prior to the course.
Statistics is recommended.
Statistics is required early in the sequence of courses.
Statistics is required for planning majors instead of calculus.
Statistics is shown on one of the viewports.
Statistics is simply a tool.
Statistics is something people are really afraid of.
Statistics is suggested for university or technical college.
Statistics is the art of condensing information while minimizing the loss of important aspects.
Statistics is the collection and analysis of numerical data.
Statistics is the collection, analysis, and presentation of numerical data.
Statistics is the discipline at the heart of the scientific method of discovery.
Statistics is the discipline that evaluates the reliability of data.
Statistics is the favored model of delivery.
Statistics is the language of science.
Statistics is the language used to express the uncertainty in research and in decision making.
Statistics is the main source of tools for analyzing data and making scientific decisions.
Statistics is the making sense of data.
Statistics is the mathematical science of making precise statements about uncertain possibilities.
Statistics is the mathematical tool used to describe research observations and to make inferences.
Statistics is the mathematics of the collection, organization, and interpretation of numerical data.
Statistics is the most widely used quantitative method in business.
Statistics is the science and art of prediction and explanation.
Statistics is the science and art of understanding and analyzing data.
Statistics is the science of collecting and analyzing data.
Statistics is the science of collecting, organizing, and interpreting data.
Statistics is the science of collecting, organizing, and interpreting numerical facts called data.
Statistics is the science of collection, organization, analysis, and explanation of data.
Statistics is the science of data collection and analysis.
Statistics is the science of data.
Statistics is the science of gaining information from numerical data.
Statistics is the science of learning from data.
Statistics is the science of making sense of complicated data.
Statistics is the science of making wise decisions in the face of uncertainty.
Statistics is the science of reasoning from uncertain empirical data.
Statistics is the science of the future .
Statistics is the science of the study of randomness.
Statistics is the science ofcollection, organization and analysis of quantitative data.
Statistics is the study of patterns in numbers.
Statistics is the study of the collection, organization, and interpretation of data .
Statistics is the subject that allows the researcher to extract the signal within the noise.
Statistics is the systematic collection and display of numerical data.
Statistics is the task of describing and analyzing a set of numeric data.
Statistics is therefore a specific method of history.
Statistics is thought of as problem solving in a broad sense.
Statistics is too little used.
Statistics is upper division.
Statistics is used everyday by people everywhere.
Statistics is used in business to determine if financial reports are accurate.
Statistics is used in government to assess the potential impact of new laws.
Statistics is used in quality control and preventive maintenance.
Statistics is used in various areas of business, industry, science, and government.
Statistics is used intensively in industrial research and underlies modern quality control methods.
Statistics is used to determine if new medical procedures and new drugs are both safe and effective.
Statistics is used to quantify the extent of variation in customers' needs and wants.
Statistics is yet another useful secondary field.
Statistics issued by scientists are part of the reason.
Statistics just gives the average and the variance of the plot.
Statistics Keep monthly statistics on new LABO receipts.
Statistics lag three years behind publication date.
Statistics Learn the fundamentals of modern statistical methods.
Statistics leave little doubt that to be white and male in America is to hold an economic ace.
Statistics Let s look at statistics.
Statistics lie more easily than words.
Statistics listed are for CCHA games unless otherwise noted.
Statistics Listed below are several beginning points for statistics related to Asian history.
Statistics Listed below are several beginning points for statistics related to European history.
Statistics Listed below are some sites that provide statistical information.
Statistics lists resources, lessons and useful data sets.
Statistics live here.
Statistics log update frequency.
Statistics Look here for info and facts about demographics, distances, tax rates and more.
Statistics make it more than a personal issue.
Statistics make it possible to actually debate outcomes.
Statistics make no impression.
Statistics makes mathematics more interesting.
Statistics mark changes from day to day or decade to decade.
Statistics mean little unless they are put in context and analyzed.
Statistics mean, standard deviation, etc.
Statistics measure phenomena.
Statistics measures students performance and can aid validation of a course.
Statistics measures the quality of information.
Statistics measuring the effectiveness of gun control are, at best, inconclusive.
Statistics misleading Still, the numbers are misleading.
Statistics miss extremes, ignoring subtle variables .
Statistics never galvanize attention as powerfully as do two or three horrible incidents.
Statistics never update.
Statistics now show that the evolutionary theory has been postulated against ridiculous odds.
Statistics offer no counterargument here.
Statistics offer students insights into problems of social equity.
Statistics offers an option in quality management and productivity.
Statistics only count in research studies.
Statistics only provide part of the answer.
Statistics only represent a part of the picture.
Statistics only tell half the story.
Statistics only tell part of the story.
Statistics Open a new document file for the appropriate statistics.
Statistics packages for statistical analysis of data.
Statistics paint a bleak picture of the neighborhood.
Statistics paint a grim picture of domestic violence.
Statistics paint a portrait of our Nation.
Statistics paint a worrying picture.
Statistics pays well.
Statistics play a central role in discussions on the social policy agenda.
Statistics play a role in all our lives.
Statistics play an important part in the life of a nation.
Statistics play an important role in the determination of experimental success.
Statistics plays an important role in contemporary society.
Statistics plays an important role in productivity improvements.
Statistics plays the key role in the design.
Statistics point at Tehran as to have the highest number of patients.
Statistics point to a clear effect on Italy's overall health.
Statistics point to a clear impact on Italy's overall health.
Statistics point to alcohol as the rich person's drug of choice.
Statistics point to higher grades for typed papers.
Statistics point to more than random error in Florida vote.
Statistics point to the lowest unemployment in decades, and a bullish stock market.
Statistics point to the state's high poverty rate as why.
Statistics point to what is in store for radical feminists.
Statistics presented here include departures , hours flown , and miles flown by airline, by year.
Statistics produced by organizations become a topic of study in their own right.
Statistics prove again and again that EAPs benefit both employees and the companies where they work.
Statistics prove it is easier to learn with visual aides.
Statistics prove it.
Statistics prove otherwise.
Statistics prove that bilingual education has failed.
Statistics prove that Co-op is good business.
Statistics prove that deaf people live longer than hearing people.
Statistics prove that embossed card imprints are illegible four to six percent of the time.
Statistics prove that fraternity men and women have consistently ranked above independent students.
Statistics prove that having a gun at home does more harm than good.
Statistics prove that in the long run, gold is a very stable medium to store wealth.
Statistics prove that men are commonly paid higher wages than women for performing the same duties.
Statistics prove that more people are taller and heavier than any previous time.
Statistics prove that people produce more in an open and communicative environment.
Statistics prove that reduced speed reduces accidents.
Statistics prove that school buses are about thirty times safer than traveling in a passenger car.
Statistics prove that school buses are many times safer than traveling in a passenger car.
Statistics prove that the most dangerous missions in war are carried out best by the young.
Statistics prove that the person interviewed last has the best chance of being hired.
Statistics prove that.
Statistics prove the assessment.
Statistics prove the best location to score on a minor hockey goalie is low to the stick side.
Statistics prove the pass to be the most effective weapon.
Statistics prove there is an increase in crime around the holidays.
Statistics prove they're far worse than cars.
Statistics provide a dozen ways to make bad numbers look good.
Statistics provide a framework for systematic clarification of ambiguous and uncertain processes.
Statistics provide a way of dealing with numbers.
Statistics provide data on click-thru's, impressions, and ratios.
Statistics provide enthusiasm to read further.
Statistics provide precise quantitative data that clarifies and supports claims.
Statistics provide quantitative information about people, processes, events, and ideas.
Statistics provide the researcher with a way of viewing the data in two ways.
Statistics provide the tools for decision-making in every field of society.
Statistics Provides a database of statistics and indicators in education.
Statistics provides a logical framework for the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data.
Statistics provides career possibilities that deserve special mention.
Statistics Provides crime statistics in charts, brief tables, and full text reports.
Statistics provides education information for students across the nation.
Statistics provides guidelines about how to use data to make decisions.
Statistics Provides links to a broad range of crime-related publications and data.
Statistics provides national education research, census, and funding information.
Statistics Provides statistical consulting to researchers within all IFAS departments.
Statistics Provides statistics and information on American education.
Statistics Provides statistics and information on education in the U.S. and elsewhere.
Statistics Provides statistics on nonprofit organizations.
Statistics provides survey data and statistics about education.
Statistics provides the theory and methodology for the analysis of wide varieties of data.
Statistics provides the tools for making better decisions when faced with uncertainty.
Statistics punctuate the story.
Statistics qualify as indicators only if they serve as yardsticks.
Statistics quantifies variability and takes it inot account.
Statistics range from demographic to economic to educational to social and beyond.
Statistics record the transaction of goods between residents and nonresidents.
Statistics refer to the percentage of individuals affected.
Statistics refer to the quantity of work done or the value of it in money.
Statistics refer to undergraduate day student residents only.
Statistics reflect an encouraging trend.
Statistics reflect division of parties immediately following the election.
Statistics reflect employment five to seven years after injury.
Statistics reflect national average and costs vary widely across the country.
Statistics reflect new information is being accessed when publicized.
Statistics reflect the change, too.
Statistics reflect the positive influence our organization has on legislative issues.
Statistics reflect the scope of the problem.
Statistics reflect the situation prior to workforce reductions.
Statistics regarding attendance are of particular interest.
Statistics regarding children and overexposure to the sun paint a very disturbing picture.
Statistics regarding Japanese household consumption of rice provide only part of the picture.
Statistics regarding landmines also reveal shocking figures.
Statistics regarding referrals are relatively straightforward to analyse.
Statistics regarding repeat offenses are staggeringly high.
Statistics regarding the number of cases indicates an increasing level of usage.
Statistics regarding vendor performance are available in the system file and updated in real-time.
Statistics regularly show that the vast majority succeed in doing so.
Statistics reinforce that.
Statistics reinforce the importance of products liability to women.
Statistics relate directly to support for staffing from the institution.
Statistics replace strategy, thereby sucking the life out of the game.
Statistics report now calculates the number of dropped assignments correctly.
Statistics report structure fires down forty-six percent.
Statistics report that women are twice as likely as men to experience depression are.
Statistics report the fact that more minorities are out of work than anyone else.
Statistics reports showing action on websites are updated the first of each month.
Statistics reports, overall impact of visit and a logical next move.
Statistics represent shipments by members of the association.
Statistics require more than one data point.
Statistics requires listening, doing and asking questions .
Statistics resources on the web.
Statistics reveal a different story.
Statistics reveal a very high correlation between unlicensed drivers and serious road accidents.
Statistics reveal an increase in the number of children born who are tiny, even dangerously small.
Statistics reveal how the slave population exploded.
Statistics reveal just how easy it is to find quietude out here.
Statistics reveal that a huge unmet demand is growing for networking professionals.
Statistics reveal that eight young people a day die in alcohol-related crashes.
Statistics reveal that it strikes men and women approximately equally.
Statistics reveal that lotteries prey on the poor, largely for the benefit of the non-poor.
Statistics reveal that most students enrolled in the program are employed.
Statistics reveal that only a small percentage are able to quit with only the patch ot gum.
Statistics reveal that schools are still an extremely safe place for children.
Statistics reveal that the earlier drug use begins, the greater the risk of drug dependence.
Statistics reveal that younger drivers have the most crashes with the older driver segment second.
Statistics reveal the tremendous rate of school consolidations.
Statistics reveal, however, that our nation is experiencing a vocation shortage.
Statistics reveals that the contrary is occurring.
Statistics Review our monthly call and transport volume.
Statistics rise with leveling, and skills rise with practice.
Statistics run about two years behind publication date.
Statistics runs as an intellectual thread through much of our work.
Statistics say . . .
Statistics say as much.
Statistics say it is rare for a child to be abducted by a stranger in Canada.
Statistics say it seems to be better than the traditional methods.
Statistics say most people die within three to five years after diagnosis.
Statistics say otherwise.
Statistics say that anything practiced over twenty-one days develops into a habit.
Statistics say that communication is one of the most needed skills for any career.
Statistics say that each week one plant species disappears from Earth.
Statistics say that few win at the gaming tables and the slots.
Statistics say that SMVs save lives.
Statistics say that three boys are affected for one girl.
Statistics say that today's worker moves every three years or so.
Statistics say the average for an American female to die is around eighty.
Statistics say the initial quote has it's faults.
Statistics say the number of men who cook on the grill far outnumbers women.
Statistics say youth are at risk as potential victims of gun violence.
Statistics See also other baseball records .
Statistics See also other basketball records .
Statistics See which consultants' jobs have been viewed most and which have been applied to most.
Statistics seem to be able to be used to prove either side of a problem.
Statistics seem to bear out that an opportunity was missed.
Statistics seem to confirm the latter.
Statistics seem to pop up everywhere.
Statistics seem to support their claim.
Statistics Select the name of the resource from the listing to jump to a short description.
Statistics show . . .
Statistics show a decrease in the number of students enrolled in computer science courses.
Statistics show a dropoff in most major categories.
Statistics show a high incidence of divorce among bereaved parents.
Statistics show a steady decrease in voter turnout, particularly among young voters.
Statistics show a steady growth in the Hispanic population of the United States.
Statistics show a steady increase in usage.
Statistics show a steady rise in the Canadian federal inmate population over the last six years.
Statistics show a strong link between alcoholism and smoking.
Statistics show a very high incidence of dropping out among students who have repeated a grade.
Statistics show abductions of infants by someone other than family members are rare.
Statistics show about half of released felons return to crime.
Statistics show also that the service is usually better.
Statistics show an alarming number of female scientists remain single and childless.
Statistics show an extremely high correlation between asbestos workers who smoked and disease.
Statistics show an underutilization of mental health services by members of certain populations.
Statistics show an unlocked door is the easiest way for a thief or carjacker to get in a vehicle.
Statistics show another reason to be wary of letting in-laws in.
Statistics show another.
Statistics show as many as one in five patients with chronic pain abuse their pain medications.
Statistics show black churches are more likely to embrace the custom.
Statistics Show Blacks at a Disadvantage.
Statistics show Canadian bonds can have greater volatility than Canadian equities.
Statistics show carpooling is very safe.
Statistics show clearly that wealthy people are much more likely to be on-line.
Statistics show cognitive impairments linger in heavy marijuana users.
Statistics show consistently a shortage of industrial technology education teachers.
Statistics show even college faculty are reluctant to report cheating.
Statistics show every three minutes, someone in the United States is diagnosed with lung cancer.
Statistics show every two minutes another statistic is created.
Statistics show exports higher to non-quota countries, for each item of export.
Statistics show family life is crumbling.
Statistics show family-run businesses are extremely vulnerable to the pressures of small business.
Statistics show fire sprinklers provide a high level of safety.
Statistics show futures on their own can be an attractive investment.
Statistics show gains in the north shore market as well.
Statistics show greater clickthrough and sales when shown actual products.
Statistics show high rates of sodomite disease, perversity, pedophilia, drug use and promiscuity.
Statistics show holiday shoppers outdid themselves.
Statistics show households with teens are the heaviest users of ketchup.
Statistics show how countries around the world have rather different rates of breast cancer.
Statistics show how pervasive eye and hand injuries are.
Statistics show hunter education training is a success.
Statistics show husband abuse is spreading, but few services exist to help the victims.
Statistics show if the cancer is caught early, surgery and radiation can result in a cure.
Statistics show it can be hereditary.
Statistics show it's more than worth it.
Statistics show many to be protein-calorie deficient.
Statistics show many youngsters in elementary school are experimenting with inhalants.
Statistics show men have incorporated technology in their lives faster than women have.
Statistics show Minnesota is becoming more racially balanced.
Statistics show more officers are killed in the South than any other region.
Statistics show more single-person households.
Statistics show most boating accidents are caused by human error or poor judgment.
Statistics show most Iowa farmland is owned by farmers or the sons and daughters of farmers.
Statistics show most rapes occur during the first month of school.
Statistics show most victims return to their abusers repeatedly before they stay away.
Statistics show one in five residents fear becoming homeless themselves.
Statistics show only a small percentage of unbelievers tune in to Christian programs.
Statistics show otherwise.
Statistics show overwhelmingly that responses are almost always negative.
Statistics show Pennsylvania is very close to being a net importer of hazardous waste.
Statistics show people in Cuba are about as healthy as people in the United States.
Statistics show people who are the better players.
Statistics show people with more birthdays tend to live longer.
Statistics show phenomenal growth.
Statistics show poor people get more cancer.
Statistics show quite a few of the providers are starting to free up from submitting claims.
Statistics show room Missouri has plenty of room for improvement.
Statistics show rural crime happens in all areas of the country.
Statistics show Russian farmers have smaller, less productive herds.
Statistics show seven out of ten youth suicide deaths in Maine are committed with a gun.
Statistics show smoking contributes to more accidents on the road, because smokers are distracted.
Statistics show sport utility vehicles have double the risk of rolling over.
Statistics show steady growth each year.
Statistics show steady growth in usage.
Statistics show such alcohol-related violations occur in more than half the fatal accidents.
Statistics show teen drivers are over represented in at-fault crashes and fatal crashes.
Statistics show that a certain percentage of college students drop out every year.
Statistics show that a fit child usually grows up to be a fit adult.
Statistics show that a good deal of new registrations come from repeat clients or referrals.
Statistics show that a good proportion of general aviation accidents are in the landing phase.
Statistics show that a large number of water craft accidents involve a person borrowing the vessel.
Statistics show that a majority of people get most of their information from television and radio.
Statistics show that a new sale is five times more costly than a sale to an existing customer.
Statistics show that a physics degree is a very good preparation for medical school.
Statistics show that a significant majority of people search using all lower case letters.
Statistics show that a significant number of people regularly use the Internet.
Statistics show that a small number of persons are responsible for a large proportion of accidents.
Statistics show that abductors of children are usually someone the child already knows.
Statistics show that about half the marriages end in divorce today.
Statistics show that about one in ten thousand people who wear contact lenses become infected.
Statistics show that about one-third of patients with high blood pressure are also overweight.
Statistics show that ADHP students stay in the field longer.
Statistics show that alcopops are declining in popularity amongst young people.
Statistics show that all types of therapies are very ineffective when it comes to narcissists.
Statistics show that almost all children rank high in creativity before entering school.
Statistics show that almost all sexual assaults are committed by men towards women or children.
Statistics show that almost one-third of all rapes are committed by either a friend or boyfriend.
Statistics show that an active student is likely to be a successful student.
Statistics show that an early abortion is much safer than carrying a pregnancy to term.
Statistics show that an employee is to have better thought processes, while physically fit.
Statistics show that an employer spends about fifteen seconds reviewing any single resume.
Statistics show that an influx of new immigrants actually boosts the economy.
Statistics show that animals that have been fixed are likely to live longer, healthier lives.
Statistics show that approximately ten percent of the total population is alcoholic.
Statistics show that assistant professors are getting a large share of the awards.
Statistics show that at age of seventy, there are five women to every man.
Statistics show that at the age of seventy, there are five women to every man.
Statistics show that attendance of trade shows is increasing every year.
Statistics show that attrition among college students is higher during their first year.
Statistics show that banner ads are ineffective.
Statistics show that bicycles are one of the greatest sources of fatalities for children.
Statistics show that boys are more likely to be poisoned than girls.
Statistics show that bus wraps produce millions of visual impressions a year.
Statistics show that buyers who use the Net spend half as much time shopping for a home.
Statistics show that bypass surgery shows longer survival rates that noninvasive medical care.
Statistics show that Canada is less violent than the United States.
Statistics show that cancer causes one of four deaths in the United States.
Statistics show that cases of food borne illness normally rise during the summer.
Statistics show that cases of foodborne illness normally rise during the summer.
Statistics show that casinos are a magnet-like attraction for young people.
Statistics show that casinos prefer to employ non-local people.
Statistics show that cats are now the most popular pets in U.S. households.
Statistics show that chat lines continue to get more popular for home use as well.
Statistics show that child sexual abuse occurs at an alarming rate.
Statistics show that children are having sex earlier and with more people.
Statistics show that children are the most likely to suffer injuries from dogs.
Statistics show that children do far better in a stable family with both a mother and father.
Statistics show that children in camps have fewer accidents than children at home.
Statistics show that children of divorce often marry and divorce themselves.
Statistics show that children who swallow a poison are likely to attempt it again within a year.
Statistics show that children's activities are the single biggest deterrent to juvenile delinquency.
Statistics show that church loyalty is down and church hopping is up.
Statistics show that college graduates fare better than their peers without a degree.
Statistics show that college students are taking longer to graduate, some up to six years.
Statistics show that companies with a woman on the board tend to be more profitable.
Statistics show that compulsive gambling is on the rise.
Statistics show that computer users are eager to learn more about technology for home and work.
Statistics show that consumption patterns are converging rapidly.
Statistics show that crime is on the rise.
Statistics show that customers spend more when they can select a convenient payment option.
Statistics show that despite high rains last spring, water use continued to escalate.
Statistics show that devout Christian families are happier and enjoy more wholesome relationships.
Statistics show that donations fall significantly in summer months.
Statistics show that drinking and grades have a direct correlation on each other.
Statistics show that driving while using a wireless phone can be as dangerous as drunk driving.
Statistics show that easily one on four people in the U.S. have appeared on television.
Statistics show that economics majors do quite well.
Statistics show that educated persons are less likely to commit crimes.
Statistics show that eighty percent of the population likes animals.
Statistics show that emails are more effective if they are transmitted within a specific schedule.
Statistics show that employed offenders are significantly less likely to commit new crimes.
Statistics show that even that hour every two months at a PTO meeting is time well spent.
Statistics show that even the most vigilant parents use car seats incorrectly.
Statistics show that far too few women in the United States breastfeed.
Statistics show that farm odour ranks highest among many sources of conflicts and complaints.
Statistics show that farming is the most hazardous occupation in the country.
Statistics show that few people are employed in the line of work in which they have degrees.
Statistics show that fewer babies are being named with the top names.
Statistics show that fewer black women are killing their black male spouses or boyfriends.
Statistics show that fewer students are pursing science and engineering degree programs.
Statistics show that fire related incidents account for ten percent of our calls.
Statistics show that for every injury suffered on the job, there are seven injuries off the job.
Statistics show that for every person that is born, fifteen dogs and forty-five cats are also born.
Statistics show that fraternity members have a higher rate of graduation than non-members.
Statistics show that French women still lag behind men in virtually every aspect of public life.
Statistics show that games can still be won with any race vs. any other race.
Statistics show that girls are sexually abused more often than boys are.
Statistics show that giving to charitable causes has decreased in recent years.
Statistics show that good salespeople enjoy incomes far above the average.
Statistics show that graduated licensing systems lower the number of crashes and traffic deaths.
Statistics show that groups that suffer the most belong to the lower socio-economic class.
Statistics show that growing numbers do.
Statistics show that half of all remarriages end in divorce.
Statistics show that half of today s IT budgets are going to storage technologies.
Statistics show that homeschoolers are well equipped for life beyond their own homes.
Statistics show that horses do win from all draws, at all tracks, over all distances.
Statistics show that hunters who graduate from a certified bow hunting course bag more game.
Statistics show that illiterate women in rural and remote areas are the most disadvantaged.
Statistics show that impairment contributes to many more accidents than mechanical problems.
Statistics show that in areas where permits for concealed weapons are higher, crime rates are lower.
Statistics show that in India, infant mortality is ten percent higher for girls than it is for boys.
Statistics show that in most kinds of thing the frequency is pretty regular.
Statistics show that in over one-half of the household burglaries no forced entry is made.
Statistics show that in the vast majority of cases abortion is a quick method of birth control.
Statistics show that increased investment in road and bridge improvements save lives.
Statistics show that increased research, prevention and awareness are key to improving health.
Statistics show that indoor kitties pick up fewer fleas than their roaming cousins.
Statistics show that infants and toddlers are at greatest risk.
Statistics show that it is as safe as hospital birth, even safer.
Statistics show that it is prevalent on college campuses.
Statistics show that it is very common.
Statistics show that Italy produces the most wine.
Statistics show that juveniles are responsible for one in five violent crimes.
Statistics show that legal self-representation is increasing as legal fees increase.
Statistics show that lesbians have the lowest incidence of sexually transmitted disease.
Statistics show that lesbians have the lowest of sexually transmitted disease.
Statistics show that long hair offers no protection whatever.
Statistics show that major trauma is a time critical condition.
Statistics show that many adults actually ride less or stop riding because of helmet laws.
Statistics show that many elderly people are often forgotten during the holidays.
Statistics show that many injuries occur while lifting or moving bulky objects.
Statistics show that many of the killer storms happen after eight o'clock at night.
Statistics show that many people who have high blood pressure are also overweight.
Statistics show that many second marriages have a higher failure rate than first marriages.
Statistics show that many traffic accidents are due to driver fatigue.
Statistics show that many users tend to pick very weak passwords.
Statistics show that marijuana is the most common drug detected during random screenings.
Statistics show that married people tend to have fewer and less costly accidents then single people.
Statistics show that medical rehabilitation improves lives and saves money.
Statistics show that men and women apply for visas in an almost equal ratio.
Statistics show that millions are being sold.
Statistics show that more and more pastors are struggling with Internet pornography.
Statistics show that more and more people everyday search the internet to purchase their next home.
Statistics show that more children today are overweight than ever before.
Statistics show that more people die every year in road, bus or train accidents than in air.
Statistics show that more teenagers die on their graduation night than any other night of the year.
Statistics show that more than half the victims of child abuse have fractures.
Statistics show that more than one half of all tornado deaths occur in mobile homes.
Statistics show that more white women are managers than women of color.
Statistics show that more women are vegetarians than their mail counterparts.
Statistics show that most accidents occur close to home.
Statistics show that most athletic failures in the classroom occur during the off-season.
Statistics show that most boats sink at the dock when no one is watching.
Statistics show that most breakthroughs are made here.
Statistics show that most campus acquaintance rapes occur in the fall.
Statistics show that most cases of child abuse are perpetrated by family members or adults.
Statistics show that most college students change their major at least once while in school.
Statistics show that most custodial parents are mothers.
Statistics show that most deadly teenage auto accidents happen while the sun isn t shining.
Statistics show that most hard working people are stupid.
Statistics show that most jobs in today's market are being filled through Networking.
Statistics show that most new jobs now come from small business.
Statistics show that most people eat less than the recommended amount of fruits and vegetables.
Statistics show that most people recover within two weeks.
Statistics show that most settlements are spent within a year or two.
Statistics show that most violence is inflicted by men upon women.
Statistics show that most visitors to our city end their stay as guests in private homes.
Statistics show that most web site visitors come from search engines.
Statistics show that nearly all sexual assaults are committed by men against women or children.
Statistics show that nearly all sexual assaults are committed by men against women or girls.
Statistics show that nine percent of all cosmetic procedures are performed on men.
Statistics show that older drivers have fewer accidents than any other age group.
Statistics show that once a small commitment is made, a larger commitment follows.
Statistics show that one in nine college men have been victims of rape or attempted rape.
Statistics show that one in seven young workers is injured on the job.
Statistics show that one in six men use violence against women in South Africa.
Statistics show that one out of every four people has a mental illness.
Statistics show that one out of every ten new businesses fail within their first year of operation.
Statistics show that one out of every three to four claims submitted are successful.
Statistics show that one person in five over the age of seventy five is legally blind.
Statistics show that only a small percentage of people actually do.
Statistics show that only a very small percentage of such people have been able to conceive.
Statistics show that only one in four siblings are a match for bone marrow transplantation.
Statistics show that only one out of every four students receiving a higher education is a woman.
Statistics show that only one out of twenty eligible persons gives blood regularly.
Statistics show that organized home fire escape plans help save lives.
Statistics show that others are unable to do the same.
Statistics show that our campuses have, over the last several years, in fact been quite safe.
Statistics show that our children our extremely safe while at school.
Statistics show that our library attendance is increasing each year.
Statistics show that our parole system works reasonably well.
Statistics show that our students find work.
Statistics show that over the last five years, the wage gap has been at a virtual status quo.
Statistics show that over two-thirds of teens in America have a television in their bedroom.
Statistics show that people are more comfortable doing business in their local languages.
Statistics show that people are safer when they're surrounded by others.
Statistics show that people who have more birthdays live longer.
Statistics show that people who have the most birthdays live the longest.
Statistics show that people with disabilities face greater challenges in obtaining employment.
Statistics show that people with higher education earn more money.
Statistics show that pet overpopulation is on the decline.
Statistics show that preventive medicine, including healthy eating and regular exercise, pays off.
Statistics show that professors in all undergraduate schools are reporting violations.
Statistics show that psychological support makes a physical difference.
Statistics show that public libraries are growing.
Statistics show that public schools are very safe.
Statistics show that rates of illness and even death increase significantly.
Statistics show that real estate agents are the best single source for bringing buyers to a home.
Statistics show that recovery is very possible.
Statistics show that recreational scuba diving is about as safe as swimming.
Statistics show that relationships of two years or more have a much higher marital success rate.
Statistics show that retention rates are heightened when audience participation is encouraged.
Statistics show that retention rates are heightened when audiences participation is encouraged.
Statistics show that rich kids kill themselves as often as poor or middle-income kids.
Statistics show that roller coasters are quite safe.
Statistics show that sarcasm is on the rise.
Statistics show that schools are the safest place for children in the country.
Statistics show that schools are very safe places and, in fact, have been getting even safer.
Statistics show that schools have traditionally been the safest place for children to be.
Statistics show that sea lion pups are most vulnerable to the effects of contamination.
Statistics show that seat belts reduce serious crash-related injuries and deaths by fifty percent.
Statistics show that seniors are over-represented in intersection accidents.
Statistics show that Sensorineural hearing loss is one of the most common workplace sicknesses.
Statistics show that serious juvenile crime is on the increase.
Statistics show that seven out of every ten teenagers have thought about suicide before.
Statistics show that seven out of ten couples usually encounter a marital infidelity.
Statistics show that sex-sites over the Internet are the most visited sites.
Statistics show that since the peace treaty the unemployment rate has increased.
Statistics show that skate parks are no more dangerous than other activities offered.
Statistics show that skin cancer is the most common type of cancer in New Zealand.
Statistics show that smaller courses are evaluated more favorably, as are courses in the humanities.
Statistics show that smokers attempting to quit on their own succeed only five percent of the time.
Statistics show that soaring enthusiasts are one of the most Internet-savy groups on earth.
Statistics show that start-ups are the largest driver of new jobs in metro areas.
Statistics show that strabismus occurs equally in males and females.
Statistics show that strong neighborhood watch communities have lower crime rates.
Statistics show that student achievement is directly related to attendance.
Statistics show that students completing a review seminar are more likely to pass the board exam.
Statistics show that students make up the main portion of ridership for the transit system.
Statistics show that students who attend regularly and on time are far more successful at school.
Statistics show that students who go to class regularly are more likely to graduate.
Statistics show that success rates for outpatient treatment are the same as for inpatient treatment.
Statistics show that such people have the best odds of making it.
Statistics show that suicide is a major problem among young people.
Statistics show that suicide is the eighth leading cause of death in the country.
Statistics show that suicides increase during holidays.
Statistics show that teacher certification neither creates good teachers nor prevents poor ones.
Statistics show that technology has become the fastest growing tool in education.
Statistics show that teen-agers are at a higher risk for being involved in a fatal car crash.
Statistics show that teens are the most likely to speed a vehicle.
Statistics show that the ambient air quality in Bangalore is deteriorating rapidly.
Statistics show that the athletes have.
Statistics show that the average selling time for homes across the nation is six months.
Statistics show that the best way to find a job is network, network, network.
Statistics show that the big repair bills can come after the manufacturers warranty has expired.
Statistics show that the burglar is more likely to win in a shootout with a homeowner.
Statistics show that the buses provide the safest form of transportation to and from school.
Statistics show that the coke industry in general is being slammed by Chinese imports.
Statistics show that the crime of sexual assault occurs mostly with woman.
Statistics show that the crime rate is reduced in all states in America that hold the death penalty.
Statistics show that the crime rate is reduced in all states that hold the death penalty.
Statistics show that the current population growth is slowing.
Statistics show that the demand for long-term care is growing.
Statistics show that the educational effort is working.
Statistics show that the electorate is lazy.
Statistics show that the frequency of red tides along China's coastal areas is climbing.
Statistics show that the greatest percentage of tornado deaths occur in mobile homes.
Statistics show that the incidence of breast cancer begins to go up when women enter their forties.
Statistics show that the largest group of uninsured is the working poor.
Statistics show that the majority favour a negotiated settlement.
Statistics show that the majority of bad check losses occur from repeat offenders.
Statistics show that the majority of Internet users are professionals with above average incomes.
Statistics show that the majority of marine losses are caused by human error.
Statistics show that the majority of parents trust daycare providers with their children.
Statistics show that the majority of the American people favor the death penalty.
Statistics show that the market is now already the world's second largest.
Statistics show that the number of bribe takers and bribe givers are almost the same.
Statistics show that the number of people seeking counselling is on the increase.
Statistics show that the number of suicides is on the increase.
Statistics show that the number of U.S. barbecue eateries is rising.
Statistics show that the number one classification for serious accidents is fall of roof.
Statistics show that the numbers are improving every year.
Statistics show that the numbers for both have steadily increased the last few years.
Statistics show that the overall prevalence of smoking remains stable.
Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
Statistics show that the poor and minorities are more likely to receive the death penalty.
Statistics show that the problems have increased in the last few years.
Statistics show that the putting green is where strokes are saved.
Statistics show that the rate of teenage pregnancy is rising.
Statistics show that the risk of suicide is five times greater if there's a gun in the home.
Statistics show that the small number of students who graduate from bilingual programs can do well.
Statistics show that the stress epidemic is an ex-tremely costly one.
Statistics show that the threshold for change is when women account for one-third of parliament.
Statistics show that the time required for pinging decreases steadily each year.
Statistics show that the toughest years for direct salesmen or franchise holders are the first two.
Statistics show that the two main areas of employer liability are sex and violence.
Statistics show that the United States is a nation of bird lovers.
Statistics show that the vast majority of car journeys are short.
Statistics show that the workforce is growing only marginally.
Statistics show that there are more women in the world than anything else - except insects.
Statistics show that there are thousands of men, women and children who are afflicted.
Statistics show that there have been dramatic improvements in stomach cancer and childhood leukemia.
Statistics show that there is a general increase in crime over bank holiday weekends.
Statistics show that there is a growing demand for candies in the United States.
Statistics show that there is a shortage of hospital beds in Zimbabwe.
Statistics show that they are more generous in altruistic terms.
Statistics show that they are often teachers or trainers, priests or clergy, operating on their own.
Statistics show that they re fathers, stepfathers and other male relatives.
Statistics show that thirty-four people per thousand enter the population by birth.
Statistics show that two hundred adolescents commit suicide each year in the United States.
Statistics show that two out of every five household accidents occur in the bathroom.
Statistics show that two out of every ten students in a class are slow learners.
Statistics show that types of education are, on the whole, sex-determined.
Statistics show that ugly couples breed up to three times the amount as any normal couple.
Statistics show that under-educated people are more likely to abuse their kids.
Statistics show that unemployment is a reality for almost two-thirds of people with disabilities.
Statistics show that unprotected sex is on the rise in the gay community.
Statistics show that usage of the service is growing.
Statistics show that users return to a site more often when it allows customization.
Statistics show that very few accidents involve SUVs crashing with smaller cars.
Statistics show that violence in the home is likely to move to the workplace.
Statistics show that visitors do in fact return to Rome.
Statistics show that wearing seat belts saves lives.
Statistics show that West Nile can be deadly.
Statistics show that western countries are ageing.
Statistics show that when traffic speeding violations are reduced, so are injury accidents.
Statistics show that while the interlock is in place, there is less drinking and driving behavior.
Statistics show that winning the first game is huge.
Statistics show that within three years of divorce, many people marry a second time.
Statistics show that women are about twice as likely as men to become depressed.
Statistics show that women are in the most danger when fleeing from an abusive relationship.
Statistics show that women are living longer than men.
Statistics show that women have become the dominant holders of degrees.
Statistics show that women outlive their husbands by seven years.
Statistics show that women outperform men in their first-year engineering studies.
Statistics show that women sustain the majority of physical injuries.
Statistics show that women who belong to unions are far less likely to suffer wage discrimination.
Statistics show that women who belong to unions are less likely to suffer wage discrimination.
Statistics show that women, along with children, are the most impoverished sector of society.
Statistics show that women's health needs to have a greater priority throughout the world.
Statistics show that work as a game warden is extremely hazardous.
Statistics show that work zone dangers are greatest at night.
Statistics show that workers' compensation and safety go hand in hand.
Statistics show that workplace violence is a serious national problem.
Statistics show that young people are among the most seriously affected by the pandemic.
Statistics show that young, white males have the highest usage rates.
Statistics show that youth are in crisis.
Statistics show that, due to alcoholism, our country is at risk genetically.
Statistics show that, in recent years, defined contribution plans have become more popular.
Statistics show that, on the average, gymnasts excel in areas outside the gym as well.
Statistics show that, overall, U.S. military aviation has become safer in recent years.
Statistics show that.
Statistics show the aboriginal birth rate is four to six times higher than the general population.
Statistics show the average American woman owns six bras.
Statistics show the average person catches a cold six times a year.
Statistics show the death rate of members of close-combat units decreases with age.
Statistics show the differing rates of death and survival of each group.
Statistics show the Internet is now safer from fraud than traditional shops.
Statistics show the lowest percentage of American workers belonging to unions in several decades.
Statistics show the major repair bills occur after the manufacturer's warranty expires.
Statistics show the majority have no idea.
Statistics show the market is now already the world's second largest.
Statistics show the medium-sized estates to be the most heavily and adversely impacted.
Statistics show the meteoric rise in the number of Internet users is beginning to slow.
Statistics show the number of tickets have gone down.
Statistics show the numbers are continually on the rise.
Statistics show the older golfers get, the more rounds they play.
Statistics show the on-line population in So.
Statistics show the overall program is working.
Statistics show the powerful effect that diet has on our lives.
Statistics show the reverse is actually true.
Statistics show the scope of the transformation.
Statistics show the size of the nuclear submarine fleet is one-third of what it was a decade ago.
Statistics show the success of the efforts to involve parents.
Statistics show the vandalism rate is rising daily.
Statistics show the vast majority of visitors to our state only come once.
Statistics show the violence often starts before adulthood.
Statistics show the winning record of a particular hand and how frequently it occurs.
Statistics show the winning record of a particular hand frequency of each.
Statistics show there are shortages of some health professionals and health services in the valley.
Statistics show there's still a way to go.
Statistics show they are becoming more successful.
Statistics show they'll change their mind a few times before they graduate.
Statistics show turkey hunting to be the most dangerous of the hunting sports.
Statistics show why it is important to screen patients in similar community centers.
Statistics show why.
Statistics show women are just as successful as men when running for an open seat.
Statistics show workplace homicides are mostly committed by strangers.
Statistics show, however, that men are three times more likely to be lefty than women.
Statistics show, however, that teen childbearing occurs disproportionately among low-income women.
Statistics show, however, that the industry's clearly already moving that direction.
Statistics show, sustained contact reduces the likelihood of repeat offenses.
Statistics show, that using a lock box increases the number of buyer showings.
Statistics show, too, that there is a high correlation between health and education.
Statistics shown in the paper indicate that.
Statistics Shows counts of all unique surnames contained in the file displayed in list form.
Statistics shows our publications contributing to general statistics and biostatistics.
Statistics shows that school systems are closing in on that goal.
Statistics speak almost as loudly as grim reality.
Statistics state that as many marriages disintegrate as last.
Statistics still show that a majority of costly attacks come from trusted insiders.
Statistics still show that the economy is bleeding jobs and that growth has slowed.
Statistics strengthen a speech or paper by quantifying the sizeand scope of a problem.
Statistics strongly affirm that gun control laws prevent gun violence.
Statistics studies on the spinal musculature.
Statistics suggest otherwise.
Statistics suggest pictures of ladies in swimsuits have best results.
Statistics suggest some troopers search minorities at disproportionately high rates.
Statistics suggest that America is getting used to unwed motherhood.
Statistics suggest that double-income families are increasingly common.
Statistics suggest that life was much simpler then.
Statistics suggest that males are affected three times more than females by the speech impediment.
Statistics suggest that the wave is still building.
Statistics suggest that there are fewer people making workers' compensation claims.
Statistics suggest that total farm numbers have actually increased after policy reform.
Statistics suggest that when one person goes to prison, three others go on welfare.
Statistics suggest the answer.
Statistics suggest the latter.
Statistics suggest the listings are popular.
Statistics suggest the program is effective.
Statistics suggest up to five percent of American college women suffer from Bulimia.
Statistics suggest using the Web to apply for financial aid is fast and produces fewer errors.
Statistics summarize the characteristics of any group of people.
Statistics support that assessment.
Statistics support that logic.
Statistics support that the rich did indeed escape the draft.
Statistics support the drive to collect e-mail addresses.
Statistics support the idea of a seven year itch.
Statistics support their claim.
Statistics supporting the increasing popularity of the Internet are mind-boggling.
Statistics survive, but no individual data.
Statistics Systematically collect, organize, and describe data.
Statistics take a snapshot of a particular moment.
Statistics talks about 'statistical errors' and 'residuals'.
Statistics tell a different story, however.
Statistics tell a different story.
Statistics tell a much different story.
Statistics tell a story that letters can only spell out.
Statistics tell but a part of the story.
Statistics tell how many times the ad has been viewed, and how many times it has been clicked.
Statistics tell much of the story.
Statistics tell only a small piece of the story.
Statistics tell only part of a complex story.
Statistics tell only part of the story, though.
Statistics tell only part of the story.
Statistics tell part of the story.
Statistics tell that story, but by themselves they're dull and meaningless.
Statistics tell the sad story of lives lived amidst great difficulties.
Statistics tell the story, but for police it means more attacks on officers and more injuries.
Statistics tell the story.
Statistics tell the whole story.
Statistics tell what is likely to happen in a group of women.
Statistics tells the truth only one use it properly.
Statistics tend to imply a solution, too.
Statistics tend to instill fear in all students as it appears to be difficult.
Statistics tend to show that they are also more likely to suffer child abuse and neglect.
Statistics to test hypotheses.
Statistics uncover both strengths and weaknesses in programs, procedures, and strategies.
Statistics underlie all serious metrical systematization.
Statistics understate the problem .
Statistics update once a month.
Statistics use average earnings, so let's put aside overtime, etc.
Statistics Use the clear qos statistics command to clear QoS statistic counters.
Statistics vary as to what percentage of people in North America are saved.
Statistics vary by type and dates, depending on data available.
Statistics vary due to different data sources and nomenclatures.
Statistics vary from station to station.
Statistics vary from study to study.
Statistics vary on how much time American children spend watching or semi-watching television.
Statistics vary widely from tribe to tribe.
Statistics verify that gender inequity in academia is real and worsens with increasing seniority.
Statistics View the agency's drug seizure statistics below.
Statistics View the latest figures from our web server.
Statistics viewable online, anytime.
Statistics Welcome to our campus.
Statistics Welcome to the RMC varsity men's volleyball home page.
Statistics -Where the visitors came from over the past year.
Statistic always is late and from yesterday.
Statistics always have outliers.
Statistics always show that most of casualties in the fire situation is caused by smoke.
Statistics always vary over time, and capability indexes are statistics.
Statistics often fall short, and more interpretative methods such as interviews are needed.
Statistics often support environmental decision-making.
Statistics sometimes say more than words.
Statistics Usually rendering stats are false.
All statistics appear on the screen for easy reading.
All statistics are accessible in real time.
All statistics are accessible via Web interface and are updated daily.
All statistics are accurate to the best of our knowledge.
All statistics are age-adjusted.
All statistics are approximate.
All statistics are available from our office.
All statistics are available to advertisers in real time, via our administration center.
All statistics are available to advertisers in real time.
All statistics are child based and duplicated.
All statistics are clear and easy to read.
All statistics are cummulative since the first upload of a course roster file.
All statistics are for the most recent year available.
All statistics are from the perspective of a U.S. investor.
All statistics are hearsay, but some are reliable hearsay.
All statistics are in real time.
All statistics are longword integers except elapsed real time, which is a quadword.
All statistics are Michigan residents only.
All statistics are now available, click on any purple listing above.
All statistics are provisional, subject to change.
All statistics are rendered as provided by the respective Governments.
All statistics are searchable by year, league, manager, and player.
All statistics are subject to chance variation.
All statistics are unofficial .
All statistics calculated are accessible for later use .
All statistics can be either output online or printed out in edited form.
All statistics can become biased unintentionally.
All statistics count toward both North Carolina and South Carolina.
All statistics count toward both Virginia and North Carolina.
All statistics fit on front of card.
All statistics fit on front.
All statistics herein, indicated with italics as being such, are from said source.
All statistics pertain to Jackson County unless otherwise noted, and are the most current available.
All statistics quoted are subject to varying standard rates of error.
Any statistic can have a standard error.
Every statistic has a name, a face, and a story.
Every statistic has a sampling distribution.
Every statistic indicates a lack of progress in dealing with drugs and drug abuse.
Every statistic is a compromise among choices.
Every statistic is a way of summarizing complex information into relatively simple numbers.
Every statistic is cited and the web site is easy to browse through, though it is text heavy.
Every statistic represents a personal tragedy and a political calamity.
Every statistic staggers the imagination and perhaps credibility.
Many statistics already reflect encouraging trends throughout the state.
Many statistics appear regularly in journals, annual reports and newspapers.
Many statistics are also available in electronic formats.
Many statistics are close representations of the state of the world they attempt to measure.
Many statistics concerning Japan's economy are here.
Many statistics point to the economy's overall health.
Many statistics show sharp increases in teenage smoking in recent years.
Many statistics used for status reporting are developed here.
More statistics are available here.
More statistics are available upon request.
More statistics follow.
More statistics is currently under development.
Most statistics are for the nation, but selected data cover regions.
Most statistics are from the mid-nineteenth century to date.
Most statistics are in Excel format.
Most statistics are limited to the national level.
Most statistics are out of date to some degree by the time they are published.
Most statistics regarding the growth of California's highway system focus on state-owned highways.
Most statistics say that only one in every two people like or even tolerate it.
Most statistics show the back seat to be the safest.
Most statistics try to classify events.
Some statistics appear below.
Some statistics are also available for other states besides California.
Some statistics are available for the United States' experience.
Some statistics are available.
Some statistics are enlightening.
Some statistics are freely available while some are available for a commercial fee.
Some statistics are more pretty than they are a reflection of pitching.
Some statistics are out on last year's Oregon motorcycleaccidents.
Some statistics background or experience with fitting regression models is vital for the course.
Some statistics claim that can happen as much as one percent of the time.
Some statistics come from casualties.
Some statistics create bias.
Some statistics especially suggest a complex and problematic relationship of police to battering.
Some statistics have a charge.
Some statistics illuminate consumer attitudes toward financial services and products.
Some statistics is desirable.
Some statistics lie part of the time and some lie all the time.
Some statistics lie, some tell all.
Some statistics overstate health care cost increases.
Some statistics provide a historical perspective.
Some statistics require subscriber access fees.
Some statistics say that about twenty percent of the sellers are selling as part of a business.
Some statistics say that it takes six times hearing a message before a sale is made.
Some statistics serve to show just how many veterans are out there.
Some statistics show growth.
Some statistics suggest that liberal gun laws translate into a decline in violent-crime rates.
Some statistics support a higher percentage of success.
Some statistics translate well between cultures.
Some statistics validate a yearning for the simple life.
Statistical abstract is a digest of major statistics from many U.S. agencies.
Statistical Abstracts Find statistics on social and economic conditions in the United States.
Statistical accuracy is very important.
Statistical activities have to be continued to retain the manpower developed so far.
Much statistical activity is based on formal methods of inference.
Statistical agencies can analyze establishment data based various levels of detail.
Most statistical agencies collect information under statutes prohibiting disclosure.
Statistical analyses are a crucial part of research in many sciences, including psychology.
Statistical analyses are important for assessing the reliability of a result.
Statistical analyses are of the comparative type including the chi-square test and relative risk.
Statistical analyses involve different methods.
Statistical analyses involve methods.
Statistical analyses involve several different methods.
Statistical analyses involve several methods.
Statistical analyses reflect greater participation by adults in adolescent's lives.
Statistical analyses require quantitative reasoning.
Statistical analyses reveal even more differences.
Statistical analyses reveal events.
Statistical analyses show differences.
Statistical analyses show significant differences.
Statistical analyses show that buccal tube has a positive correlation with body area and gonad area.
Statistical analyses show values.
Statistical analyses use versions.
Statistical analysis can assist in design of future programs.
Statistical analysis can be crucial to building a great game.
Statistical analysis can give insight into real things.
Statistical analysis continues to show consistent high significance.
Statistical analysis features consist of five regression models and four plot types.
Statistical analysis Go here.
Statistical analysis is a helpful method for determining the general patterns of location.
Statistical analysis is a major component of almost any empirical study in the field of business.
Statistical analysis is a necessary and powerful tool for many business decisions.
Statistical analysis is a possibility.
Statistical analysis is also an indispensable component of many industries.
Statistical analysis is also available for each data set.
Statistical analysis is also available through a set of menu options.
Statistical analysis is also very important in every aspect of business.
Statistical analysis is always an issue for discussion.
Statistical analysis is an essential tool in measuring risk.
Statistical analysis is an extremely valuable tool when used properly.
Statistical analysis is an important part of behavioral analysis.
Statistical analysis is applied in the interference theory of reliability prediction.
Statistical analysis is at the heart of most environmental analyses.
Statistical analysis is based on both data and assumptions or previous knowledge of the population.
Statistical analysis is considered in light of modern computer software.
Statistical analysis is correct.
Statistical analysis is described.
Statistical analysis is done on all selected data points.
Statistical analysis is essential as is the ability to prepare and present reports.
Statistical analysis is essential for all research papers, except case reports.
Statistical analysis is importantfor quantitative measurements, however.
Statistical analysis is in progress.
Statistical analysis is limited due to the small number of replications.
Statistical analysis is limited to central tendency or simple graphs.
Statistical analysis is needed to further analyze the data on water quality.
Statistical analysis is of little to no use to the present inscription.
Statistical analysis is one of the primary tools of modern scientific reasoning.
Statistical analysis is ongoing but most laboratory analyses has been completed.
Statistical analysis is performed to convert the raw data into functions which describe growth.
Statistical analysis is straightforward.
Statistical analysis is treated as a means of decision making in the face of uncertainty.
Statistical analysis is worth a lot of money to the drug companies.
Statistical analysis leaves the individual case described by arbitrary constructs.
Statistical analysis needs to be done.
Statistical analysis plays a major role in biology, be that population genetics or enzyme kinetics.
Statistical analysis proves it simply can t happen.
Statistical analysis provides information on sales, shipments and future prospects.
Statistical analysis results for total sub-cell accretion rate comparisons.
Statistical analysis shows that as unemployment goes down, welfare caseloads decline faster.
Statistical analysis shows that lithofacies are the fundamental architectural units.
Statistical analysis shows that population growth has only slightly increased living costs.
Statistical analysis smoothes out random variations for increased accuracy.
All statistical analyses is included in an appendix as well.
All statistical analysis is completed without patient names.
Any statistical analysis is limited by the quality of the data set.
Many statistical analyses make assumptions about the residuals.
Most statistical analyses involve comparisons of groups.
Most statistical analyses involve different methods.
Most statistical analyses involve methods.
Most statistical analyses involve several different methods.
Most statistical analyses involve several methods.
Most statistical analyses reveal events.
Most statistical analyses show differences.
Most statistical analyses show significant differences.
Most statistical analyses show values.
Most statistical analyses use versions.
Some statistical analyses are presented in tables.
Some statistical analyses indicate diets.
Some statistical analyses indicate excretion.
Statistical anomalies are, unfortunately, as real as regularities.
Statistical appendices are at the back.
Statistical appendix has substantial tables on various economic indicators.
Statistical appendixes present demographic data for Czechoslovakia and Austria.
Statistical approaches can help in several ways, workshop participants stress.
Statistical approaches examine effects.
Statistical approaches examine relative treatment effects.
Statistical approaches examine treatment effects.
Statistical approaches yield results.
Most statistical approaches examine relative treatment effects.
Most statistical approaches examine treatment effects.
Most statistical approaches yield results.
Some statistical approaches enable identification.
Statistical attack is the real proof of an encryption method's security.
Statistical background is a plus.
Statistical background is helpful in understanding the course material.
Statistical boxes supplement the articles with key information.
Statistical calculations examine the relationship between the frequency of injury and class status.
Some statistical calculations use software.
Some statistical calculations use versions.
Statistical charts are also available.
Statistical charts follow.
Statistical clerks collect information, also called data, for studies.
Statistical clustering is one of the standard techniques for identifying data equivalence classes.
Statistical comparison determines differences.
Most statistical comparison determines differences.
Statistical compilations based on submitted information are already available on the Internet.
Statistical concepts become clearer and calculations become easier with repetition.
Every statistical concept is presented in the clearest manner possible.
Statistical considerations are vital to any clinical trial.
Statistical consultants are available for grant consultation.
Statistical consultation is available.
Some statistical content is included as an introduction to data analysis.
Statistical copolymers have monomer residues arranged according to a known statistical rule.
Statistical coursework is a plus.
Statistical coverage is based on ideas from statistical testing.
Statistical database is available in ZIP format.
Statistical data are a public good, just like schools, roads and hospitals.
Statistical data are also subject to change.
Statistical data are available for the states of India.
Statistical data are usually from United States government sources.
Statistical data can reveal and dispel stereotypes and myths that affect cultural groups.
Statistical data concerning the topics of proposals follow.
Statistical data corresponding to the zoomed part of the function appear in the lower table.
Statistical data help to define needs, to identify problems, and to monitor progress.
Statistical data is a very important tool for an electric company.
Statistical data is approximate.
Statistical data is available for downloading as well.
Statistical data is available for each ISDN port.
Statistical data is collated data that tracks trends, provides information and informs the public.
Statistical data is collected from annual reports filed by subgrantees.
Statistical data is displayed all the time and updated on every action taking place.
Statistical data is extremely critical to the underwriting management of the insurance industry.
Statistical data is given for the year to date and for the latest available monthly ranking.
Statistical data is hard to come by, as the above reasons for disparities in reporting note.
Statistical data is made available to third parties at the same time.
Statistical data is noted below.
Statistical data is presented as case and demographic data.
Statistical data is provided and cited.
Statistical data is taken from the most recent information for the overall metropolitan area.
Statistical data show that Florida growers have lost significant ground in the domestic marketplace.
All statistical data are available upon request.
Most statistical data is located in the press release section of the web site.
Much statistical data is given along with maps of each country.
Some statistical data is provided.
Statistical decay follows a familiar pattern.
Statistical decision making under conditions of uncertainty is covered.
Statistical deviations do happen.
Many statistical differences are too small to be clinically relevant.
Statistical divisions are large regional geographic units.
Some statistical errors are benign and result primarily from ignorance or poor research design.
Statistical estimates can be highly accurate.
Statistical evaluation is obligatory for pharmacological and clinical data.
Statistical evaluation is still in progress.
Statistical evaluations have major problems with assumptions and models.
Statistical evidence can be very persuasive.
Statistical evidence confirms that companion animals are extremely beneficial to human existence.
Statistical evidence is essential to a prima facie case.
Statistical evidence is everywhere and the message is loud and clear.
Statistical evidence is notoriously susceptible to manipulation.
Statistical evidence is sufficient for class certification.
Statistical evidence shows that certain locations and industries present a higher or lower risk.
Statistical evidence suggests average life spans are rapidly increasing.
Statistical evidence suggests there are infinitely many twin primes.
Statistical experts consider median a more accurate indicator of performance in many instances.
Statistical files are typically rows by columns tables of numeric or character data.
Statistical findings are also available in electronic form.
Statistical forecasting assumes that past history is indicative of the future.
All statistical functions require that variables be set first.
Statistical generalisations are exactly what many feminist issues are all about.
Statistical graphics help clarify and swiftly communicate the essence of a study.
Statistical guidance is available in the section.
Statistical guidelines are available on request.
Statistical humans are of little interest.
Statistical hypothesis testing The P value is a fraction.
Statistical indicators are a powerful tool in the struggle for human rights.
Statistical indicators provide a framework for good governance.
Statistical inference can be hard, e.g. electromagnetic radiation.
Statistical inference combines methods of descriptive statistics with the theory of probability.
Statistical inference deals with drawing conclusions about populations based on samples.
Statistical inference guides the selection of appropriate models.
Statistical inference involves, among other things, hypothesis testing.
Statistical inference is based on two applications of a randomization technique, bootstrapping.
Statistical inference is important work and can be very interesting and insightful.
Statistical inference is the conclusions one can draw from that data.
Statistical inference is used to draw conclusions and to identify the best system.
Statistical inference provides a formal link between economic theory and the world.
Statistical inference provides a formal link between sociological theory and social experience.
Statistical inference starts with hypothesis testing.
Statistical information accompanies each ship listing alongside the cover.
Statistical information consists of information regarding the distribution of the data in a column.
Statistical information follows common and often predictable patterns.
Statistical information helps with justification for new programs and ministries.
Statistical information includes daily and weekly unique impressions and click through percentages.
Statistical information includes faculty, class size, student participation and achievement.
Statistical information includes geographical, economic, demographic, and social indicators.
Statistical information includes income, unemployment, prices, crime, education, health, etc.
Statistical information is also available on a one-off or ad hoc basis.
Statistical information is also available.
Statistical information is also vital.
Statistical information is available as well.
Statistical information is available from many sources.
Statistical information is available here, too.
Statistical information is available here.
Statistical information is available on the professional hockey leagues listed below.
Statistical information is collected on virtually every aspect of life and death.
Statistical information is compiled on the number and rate of births.
Statistical information is current and in easily retrievable format.
Statistical information is embarrassing information with the identifying information stripped off.
Statistical information is gathered to improve service on the Web site.
Statistical information is given.
Statistical information is included to illustrate caseload volume and trends.
Statistical information is included.
Statistical information is indexed by subjects, names, and titles.
Statistical information is kept on peak usage time for the skate park.
Statistical information is normally available to anyone who asks.
Statistical information is of importance in fatigue life prediction for bearings and gears.
Statistical information is one big lie.
Statistical information is presented in a basic and non-rigorous manner.
Statistical information is provided in real time with a login username and password.
Statistical information is recorded such as name, date and place of birth, names of parents, etc.
Statistical information is required and is shown.
Statistical information is tracked and reported to the state on a regular basis.
Statistical information needs to be collected at the layer at which routing or switching occurs.
Statistical information offers basic data for hypothesis and interpretation of historical facts.
Statistical information regarding each school appears below.
Much statistical information is published in journal articles.
Statistical intuition can sometimes be misleading.
Statistical issues are particularly likely to cause confusion.
Statistical issues become much more complicated when long-range dependence happens.
Statistical issues involving simultaneous exposure to multiple toxicants are also explored.
Statistical knowledge is a plus.
Statistical literacy is a part of numeracy.
Statistical literacy is critical thinking about statistics as evidence for inferences.
Statistical logic is only part of data interpretation.
Statistical manipulation is great for telling stories and writing fantasy.
Statistical maps are just images with noise with variance equal to unity.
Statistical maps show general-purpose information, such as road networks and land cover.
Statistical maps show where some of our mail comes from.
Statistical math is taught using computers.
Statistical measures are different from statistical tests.
Statistical measures are, however, subject to limitations.
Statistical mechanics approach to the study of many particle systems.
Statistical mechanics are physics.
Statistical mechanics defines temperature based on a system's fundamental degrees of freedom.
Statistical mechanics describes the engines that drive the earth's weather.
Statistical mechanics faces a similar problem when calculating interactions among particles.
Statistical mechanics is a branch of physics that deals with microscopic characteristics of nature.
Statistical mechanics is a bridge between quantum mechanics and thermodynamics.
Statistical mechanics is closely related to thermodynamics.
Statistical mechanics is introduced as a link between quantum mechanics and thermodynamics.
Statistical mechanics is introduced in order to relate molecular behavior to macroscopic phenomena.
Statistical mechanics is presented as a bridge to thermodynamics.
Statistical mechanics is the foundation of thermodynamics.
Statistical mechanics leads to a quantitative relation between gas pressure and atomic properties.
Statistical mechanics looks at the microscopic construction of thermodynamic systems.
Statistical mechanics modeling work experience be useful.
Statistical mechanics permits molecular motion and solvent effects to be incorporated.
Statistical mechanics play major roles.
Statistical mechanics play roles.
Statistical mechanics provides a link between the micro and the macro world.
Statistical mechanics provides a method for dealing with such frustrated systems.
Statistical mechanics requires a description of the motions of individual atoms and molecules.
Most statistical mechanics play major roles.
Most statistical mechanics play roles.
A statistical method is a method
Statistical methods are an integral part of the structured approach of the qualification plan.
Statistical methods are methods.
Statistical methods are necessary to obtain a reliable measure of a given effect.
Statistical methods are necessary.
Statistical methods are part of statistics.
Statistical methods are really ideas about numbers.
Statistical methods are tools for examining data.
Statistical methods are vital in quantitative linguistics.
Statistical methods consist of the principles and techniques used in collecting and analyzing data.
Statistical methods cover data analysis and the design of experiments.
Statistical methods exist for determining the likelihood of hypothesized levels of sampling.
Statistical methods offer a low cost approach to the air quality forecasting problem.
Statistical methods offer tools for the detection of inhomogeneities and their significance.
Statistical methods permit more quantitative images to be formed than with conventional methods.
Statistical methods play an important role in many areas of human endeavor.
Statistical methods reveal how many genes control variation in a trait.
Statistical methods used in controlling process variation receive emphasis.
Statistical methodology plays a key role in experimental research.
Most statistical methodology assumes that observations are normally distributed.
Statistical model is applied.
Statistical model is based on cyclic wave theory, linear regression, etc.
Statistical models are still in development.
Statistical models are therefore flawed.
Statistical models provide the robustness to rapidly adapt to new information sources.
Statistical models rely on what has happened-the climatology of past storms, for example.
All statistical models involve assumptions.
Statistical multiplexing is one way to utilize infrastructure in the most efficient way.
Statistical multiplexing is provided to make optimum use of network resources.
Statistical multiplexing leads to more efficient bandwidth use.
Statistical normality is perfectly compatible with a high degree of folly and wickedness. . .
Statistical output is controlled with the statistics keyword.
Many statistical packages have a weighted regression option.
Some statistical packages are available online.
Statistical physicists do it in ensembles.
Statistical physicists do it near equilibrium.
Statistical physics is the link between the microscopic behavior and thermodynamics.
Statistical physics provides also a wealth of other models with stochastic dynamics.
Statistical possibility has no real chance against immediate inevitability.
Statistical power comes from large sample sizes.
Statistical power is greater for one-tailed tests.
Statistical power is large when the treatment effect is large.
Statistical power is the second guide for the drill-down process.
Statistical preparation is well under way, notably for the case of monetary data.
A statistical procedure is a method
Statistical procedures follow the data step.
Any statistical procedure has to be checked for validity and reliability.
Most statistical procedures are simply alternative views of the object.
Most statistical procedures assume homoscedastic noise structures.
Most statistical procedures rely on the assumption of normality.
Most statistical procedures require that certain assumptions are met during the sampling procedure.
Many statistical programs can only process numeric data.
Many statistical programs show hits, file transfers, pageviews, unique URLs, sites and sessions.
Most statistical programs report quartiles along with the median and mean.
Some statistical projects require the collection and storage of names and addresses.
Statistical properties ofthe integral of a binary random process.
Statistical publications are a special strength of the collection.
Statistical questions are common in reference libraries.
Statistical realism is very good, home runs and scoring is well within reason.
Statistical records are instruments for reporting, budgeting, and justifying requests.
Statistical regression can occur whenever participants score very high or very low on the pretest.
Statistical regression is a statistical procedure
Statistical regression refers to the tendency to move toward that mean level.
Statistical reliability is also very weak if the class size is extremely small.
Statistical reports are available to all advertisers upon request.
Statistical reports are available to provide additional feedback.
Statistical reports are available.
Statistical reports are easy to visualize and effective at demonstrating relationships.
Statistical reports can provide useful points of reference in quality improvement initiatives.
Statistical reports help the team analyze effect of changes made in the original model.
Statistical reports menu now displays only available reports.
Statistical reports show performance information about the selected services.
Statistical research reports.
Statistical resources contain numerical data, tables, charts, or graphs.
All statistical results are anonymous.
Statistical review is recommended.
Statistical rigour is merely a prerequisite for a neural approach to artificial intelligence.
Statistical science covers a broad range of topics, from accounting to zoology.
Statistical science has a specific role from the point of national statistical institutes.
Statistical science provides a means for managing uncertainty.
Statistical scientists take data for all episodes and look for patterns.
Statistical series are also increasingly available in electronic form.
Statistical significance depends upon the amount of information in the data set.
Statistical significance has nothing to do with a investigator's work being significant .
Statistical significance has to do with mathematical probability.
Statistical significance is about ruling out random chance as being the cause of the data.
Statistical significance is determined as part of the data analysis process.
Statistical significance is first of all, short and simple.
Statistical significance is irrelevant if the effect is of no practical importance.
Statistical significance is no guarantee of meaningful, or social or psychological significance.
Any statistical significance is negated by Bayesian analysis to standard arbitrary P-value results.
Statistical sins differ from data that are incomplete or inaccurate or simply faked outright.
Statistical software enables empirical methods to be applied.
Statistical software is available for analysis.
Statistical software is integrated throughout the course.
Statistical software is introduced, but no prior computer experience is assumed.
Statistical software is introduced.
Statistical software is provided for classroom use.
Statistical software is used for applications.
Statistical software is used for data analysis.
Statistical software is used in the analysis of data and in statistical inference.
Statistical software is used throughout.
Statistical software is used to analyze illustrative data.
Statistical software is used to analyze results.
Statistical software is used to discover patterns and trends in the data.
Statistical software is used to illustrate concepts and remove computational drudgery of statistics.
Statistical software is used to implement many of the statistical methods.
Statistical software is used.
Statistical software is utilized.
Statistical software works on individual observations.
Most statistical software automates the procedure.
Most statistical software is licensed on an annual basis.
Many statistical sources are available on the internet.
Statistical studies demonstrate the lack of reliability of five member juries.
Statistical studies require detailed health expenditure data before and after parity is implemented.
Statistical studies show little impact b.
Statistical studies show teen moms generally come from lower income groups.
Statistical studies show that reducing marginal tax rates raises taxable income substantially.
Statistical studies show that when they blow, more road accidents happen and suicide rates increase.
Many statistical studies involve more than one variable.
Statistical summaries are no substitute for a full plot of the data.
Statistical supplements are reports of larger corporations as well.
Statistical support is available.
Statistical surveys provide too easy a basis for generalizations.
Statistical systems interchange particularly strongly with graphic systems.
A statistical table is a table
Statistical tables abound.
Statistical tables are available as spreadsheet files.
Statistical tables are in spreadsheet format and available for downloading.
Statistical tables cover utilization, personnel, hospital units, finances, facilities, and services.
Statistical tables give comparative data.
Statistical tables give population information.
Statistical tables provide a range of economic data for individual countries.
Statistical tables provide financial comparisons of major companies.
Statistical tables show resource flows and external debt for developing countries.
Statistical techniques aid economic discussions and current policy debates.
Statistical techniques are among the most important tools of scientists and engineers.
Statistical techniques are integral to analyses that combine environmental information.
Statistical techniques are tools used to organize information and interpret observations.
Statistical techniques assess the probabilities of consistent and sustainable value- added.
Statistical techniques can indicate the magnitude of common cause variation.
Statistical techniques can provide valuable insights into data.
Statistical techniques give archaeologists new tools to work with.
Statistical techniques show limitations.
Statistical techniques used are relatively simple.
Statistical techniques used are rudimentary.
Many statistical techniques are inappropriate for the use of categorical variables.
Most statistical techniques identify such clusters as different dimensions.
Most statistical techniques show limitations.
Statistical territory is the custom territories except free zones and warehouses.
Statistical tests are a way to gauge how likely it is that the treatments are really different.
Statistical tests are different from statistical measures.
Statistical tests are probabilistic estimates.
Statistical tests can determine the exact degree of correlation.
Statistical tests determine whether the items are distributed randomly.
Statistical tests have rules about how they can be used.
Statistical tests indicate a positive association between chloropicrin dosage and mortality of rats.
Statistical tests indicate an inverse relationship between regulatory and insolvency.
Statistical tests reject Nash equilibrium as an explanation of observed play.
Statistical tests reveal that all the weights are consistent over time.
Statistical tests separate significant effects from mere luck or random chance.
All statistical tests are two-sided.
All statistical tests work in a way similar to that outlined above.
Many statistical tests assume a normal distribution.
Many statistical tests can accept data in more than one format for analysis.
Many statistical tests make the assumption that the data come from a normal distribution.
Many statistical tests use variance explicitly.
Some statistical tests use versions.
Statistical testing confirms a shift in behavior across legal regimes.
Most statistical textbooks list t-distribution tables.
Statistical theory is a complex of models imposing structure on the data set.
Statistical theory is avoided or minimized to the extent possible.
Statistical theory provides the answer.
Some statistical theory is covered in an appendix.
Statistical tools provide a variety of ways to answer as well as ask interesting questions.
Statistical tools transform measurements into predictions of future behavior.
Statistical tracking is another area where stuff is a bit on the slim side.
Statistical treatments are available.
Statistical trends depend as much on group composition as on design and delivery.
Statistical validity is established in part by the repetition of a study.
Statistical validity is increased when the testing window size is larger.
Some statistical values clarify in a very concrete way the contrasts in space distributions.
Statistically cars carry far fewer people.
A statistician is a mathematician
Statisticians also work for manufacturers.
Statisticians also work in environmental monitoring, for example, analysing water chemistry data.
Statisticians are available for consultation from study design through to data analysis.
Statisticians are both tools and tool makers.
Statisticians are calculators.
Statisticians are concerned with the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data.
Statisticians are fond of figuring the value of Kansas crops.
Statisticians are in high demand in government, industry and in research institutions.
Statisticians are interested in the collection and interpretation of information.
Statisticians are interpreters of the vast accumulation of facts and figures available today.
Statisticians are mathematicians.
Statisticians are one group of mathematicians who have much to offer the science of image analysis.
Statisticians are the primary audience.
Statisticians are very good at turning data into information.
Statisticians are well trained in sampling techniques if the sample is well defined.
Statisticians are, increasingly, being called to give expert testimony in cases.
Statisticians assume biologists understand mathematics, statistics and logic.
Statisticians attribute the rise to an increased demand for pork-fat.
Statisticians call such a relationship class-conditional independence.
Statisticians can help in considering such problems of archaeological planning.
Statisticians can use the case studies to effectively teach applications of statistics.
Statisticians can work in just about any type of industry.
Statisticians construct confidence intervals all the time.
Statisticians contribute to the design and content of the product's labeling.
Statisticians correlate, regress, then deviate.
Statisticians define two different categories of error.
Statisticians develop algorithms for exploring properties of test and estimation procedures.
Statisticians develop models based on probability theory.
Statisticians develop optimum design strategies which minimize the number of syntheses required.
Statisticians disagree about how solid the ground is.
Statisticians effectively use computers in doing their data analysis.
Statisticians evaluate the designs and results for each important clinical study.
Statisticians evolve from a variety of undergraduate backgrounds .
Statisticians have careers in consulting, government, business, industry and utility companies.
Statisticians have no end of fun poking holes in each other's methodologies.
Statisticians have relevance.
Statisticians have solid backgrounds in applied mathematics and in the use of computers.
Statisticians have sophisticated ways of selecting sample size that depend on what is being tested.
Statisticians have sophisticated ways of selecting sample size.
Statisticians have the opportunity to work on many different kinds of projects.
Statisticians insist on a representative sample.
Statisticians keep statistics.
Statisticians make contact with teachers and administrators to arrange visits to the classroom.
Statisticians provide the language to discuss product reliability.
Statisticians receive the same benefits as most professionals.
Statisticians refer to the background as the null model.
Statisticians rely on looking at both to determine the significance of a certain outcome.
Statisticians routinely throw out the absurd values before computing the mean.
Statisticians say it is critically flawed.
Statisticians say the trend is one of small annual increases in drugs use among younger teenagers.
Statisticians specify data using forms with drop-down menus, textboxes, and radio buttons.
Statisticians strongly encourage a discussion of the problem before carrying out a study.
Statisticians there do a very professional job.
Statisticians try to summarize what's known about demand curves.
Statisticians use it As a probability model.
Statisticians use their skills to decide where and how to gather the data.
Statisticians use various formulas to calculate sample size.
Statisticians warn for two types of errors.
Statisticians always have an ethical imperative to tell what is closest to the truth.
Statisticians frequently report birth rates.
Statisticians frequently use computers.
Statisticians frequently use much smaller groups as a basis for projecting results.
All statisticians have the opportunity to participate in proposal development.
Many statisticians are more familiar with the normal ogive, and prefer to work in probits.
Many statisticians feel that dose selection is often very poorly done.
Many statisticians have an inquisitive nature as well as an interest in numerical data.
Most statisticians also specialize in another subject area.
Most statisticians are concerned with primary data analysis.
Some statisticians are frank about viewing resampling as a frontal attack upon their own situations.
Some statisticians argue for a separation of ethics and competence.
Some statisticians argue the word tails is ambiguous.
Some statisticians develop new statistical methods.
Some statisticians differentiate between 'mild' outliers and 'severe' outliers.
Some statisticians do the same tasks over and over.
Some statisticians recognize that they are best placed to direct complex operations.
Statistics education ought to concentrate on understanding data and variation.
Statistics packages provide sophisticated statistical modeling tools.
Any statistics package permits dozens of operations on dozens or hundreds of subsets of variables.
Statistics software is used.
Statistics surveys are available.
A stator is a mechanical device
Stators consist of high-density copper windings in toothless, laminated rings.
Statospheric ozone is responsible for most of the atmosphere's absorption of UV-B radiation.
STats media Get statistics about a list.
Some statues of limitations are very short.
A statue is sculpture
Statue comes in white or grey.
Statue isa sculpture.
Statues are art.
Statues are brought to life, people are turned to statues, it gets real complicated.
Statues are common throughout China and serve as reminders of the past.
Statues are great for informing the PCs and setting off adventures.
Statues are images.
Statues are located in central parks.
Statues are located in churchs.
Statues are located in cities.
Statues are located in large cities.
Statues are located in museums.
Statues are located in parks.
Statues are located in state parks.
Statues are located in water fountains.
Statues are located in zoos.
Statues are made of stones.
Statues are non-refundable.
Statues are one option.
Statues are one things to make.
Statues are popular ways of a 'memorial'.
Statues are procedural law, enforcing and carrying out one's legal rights and duties in the courts.
Statues are reproductions of original statues.
Statues are sculpture.
Statues are used for displays.
Statues are used for honour.
Statues are used for memorials.
Statues attempt to shape a collective memory, to give legitimacy to a point of view.
Statues become melodies, melodies become yearnings, yearnings become actions.
Statues come to life.
Statues dance by in the windows every hour on the hour.
Statues demark each side.
Statues depicting a soup line are in the background.
Statues dot the convent.
Statues form part of humanity heritage.
Statues have (part) sections.
Statues seem limitless.
Statues sit in a cove above the entryways and below the clock.
All statues are relatively new, though.
Every statue is made comes in fantastic life-like detail.
Some statues already exist as minimum qualifications, such as library space standards.
Some statues seem to have been destroyed in a rather methodical way .
Some statues seem to have been destroyed in a rather methodical way.
A statuette is a figure
All statuettes are coloured.
Stature is a noun that refers to the standing height of a body, literally or figuratively.
Stature is but one of several ways of assessing body size.
Stature is esteem.
Stature is everything.
Stature is irrelevant.
Stature is only one measure of maturity.
Stature is respect
Stature isa esteem.
Status line is still up for changes.
Status messages display as the archive is unpacked.
Most status messages are self explanatory.
Status screens can continuously monitor work at remote stations.
Status screens display current plug conditions and user-selected parameters.
Status affects actions.
Status affects health.
Status affects infant health.
Status affects metabolism.
Status affects values.
Status counts more.
Status depends on factors.
Status depends on other factors.
Status depends on several factors.
Status depends on several other factors.
Status depends on situations.
Status epilepticus almost always culminates into death.
Status epilepticus in well-oxygenated rats causes neuronal necrosis.
Status has impact.
Status has minimal impact.
Status is a state
Status is states.
Status isa state.
Status leads to inclusions.
Status settings for a mailing.
Status settings to indicate new, recent, found, modified, and unapproved, comments.
Statuses can differ between therapeutic categories.
Any status is high compared to the one below it.
Most status affects actions.
Most status affects health.
Most status affects infant health.
Most status affects metabolism.
Most status affects values.
Most status depends on factors.
Most status depends on other factors.
Most status depends on several factors.
Most status depends on several other factors.
Most status depends on situations.
Most status has impact.
Most status has minimal impact.
Most status leads to inclusions.
Some status affects development.
Some status affects economic development.
Some status affects performance.
Some status affects results.
Some status depends on positions.
Some status has performance.
Some status leads researchers.
Some status requires attention.
Some status requires further investigations.
Some status requires investigations.
Some status results in weakness.
All Statute editions are searchable.
A statute law is a civil law
Statute law deficiencies.
Statute law exists in many jurisdictions which supersedes the common law rule.
A statute mile is a linear measure
Statute miles are an anachronism The use of statute miles in an aviation context is an anachronism.
Statutes of limitation are applicable only when affirmative relief is sought.
Statutes of limitation are different for each type of complaint or cause of action.
Statutes of limitation are laws.
Statutes of limitation are procedural in nature.
Statutes of limitation are 'vital to the welfare of society . . . .
Statutes of limitation begin at the date of injury of discovery of the deficiency.
Statutes of limitation begin at the date of injury or discovery of the deficiency.
Statutes of limitation exist in both the federal and state law system.
Statutes of limitation have in any case long since run.
Statutes of limitation limit the time a person has to file a claim.
Statutes of limitation vary widely from state to state.
Statute of limitations Assume the federal district court dismisses Gibbs's state claims.
Statute of limitations is two years unless found to be a willful violation, then three years.
Statutes of limitations are important tools in our judicial system.
Statutes of limitations are procedural.
Statutes of limitations expire.
Statutes of limitations require diligence in initiating actions.
Statutes of limitations vary from state to state, but are usually between one and three years.
Statutes of repose are akin to statutes of limitations.
A statute is an act
Statute also provides for COLAs.
Statute also provides that the maximum available extended term for the drug offense is six years.
Statute assigns the board transactional duties, designed to keep the health plan solvent.
Statute authorizes an administrative suspension of the driving privilege.
Statute codifies common law.
Statute contain no authorization for suit against employee.
Statute gives home-rule cities power to annex unincorporated areas.
Statute gives rt.
Statute goes into effect.
Statute grants the judge all of the privileges and other emoluments afforded a district judge.
Statute has no mens rea term.
Statute is a law.
Statute is a noun that refers to a law or rule.
Statute is overbroad, and unconst.
Statute is the superior type of law because it overrides common law.
Statute isa document.
Statute makes special provisions for capital cases.
Statute mandates death in every first degree murder where aggravating circumstance is shown.
Statute needs to be changed.
Statute offers little guidance on the nature of the business required for qualification.
Statute provides definitions and authorizes monetary penalty and damage claims for violation.
Statute provides guidelines on the existence of express and implied warranties.
Statute recognizes limited cause of action for wrongful birth.
Statute regulates a couple's age, requires information on relationship and past marriages.
Statute requires a one-minute wait before closing nominations, even if none are forthcoming.
Statute requires all vendors to register in order to do business with the state.
Statute requires board to hold at least one meeting a year where the board selects time and place.
Statute requires the certificate to be in the driver's possession when transporting passengers.
Statute requires the department to notify people on our mailing lists of our annual review process.
Statute requires the method be standardized and statistically representative.
Statute revoking beneficiary designation of ex-spouse on divorce is constitutional .
Statute says fee simple unless explicitly otherwise.
Statute says in addition to, and that's the catch.
Statute states that the offender is responsible for paying for the evaluation.
Statutes acquire their force from the time of their passage unless otherwise provided.
Statutes allow governments to respond to particular circumstances.
Statutes allows users to search by chapter number, chapter year or specific keywords.
Statutes are a source of law.
Statutes are available for the following states.
Statutes are in pari materia if they relate to the same person or thing or have a common purpose.
Statutes are laws enacted by a legislative body.
Statutes are laws made by parliament.
Statutes are laws passed by legislatures.
Statutes are laws passed by our elected officials.
Statutes are laws that have been created via the legislative process.
Statutes are laws that have passed and are now in effect.
Statutes are laws which have been enacted by a vote of the legislature.
Statutes are often in conflict.
Statutes are only as good as their implementation.
Statutes are searchable by key word search.
Statutes are searchable by keyword, section number or popular name.
Statutes are the laws passed by elected federal, state, and local legislatures.
Statutes are to be construed so as best to effectuate the plain meaning of their terms.
Statutes are to be construed so that no clause is superfluous or void.
Statutes are to be construed to avoid conflicts with other statutes.
Statutes are to be construed together in a way that gives all provisions meaning.
Statutes are to be read in pari materia only when they relate to the same persons or things.
Statutes are to be read, where possible, to be harmonious.
Statutes are weak, creating opportunities for abuse and unfairness.
Statutes are written by men to control society.
Statutes articulate the bland rules of law, with only rare reference to factual situations.
Statutes ban certain guns.
Statutes carry a strong presumption of constitutionality.
Statutes carry a very strong presumption that they are constitutional as written.
Statutes creating private entitlements often come with private enforcement.
Statutes deal with religion in two ways.
Statutes define regular annual compensation as wages and fringe benefits.
Statutes determine the core subjects which all pupils study.
Statutes differ to take into consideration and include age of majority.
Statutes establish most of the powers and functions of an administrative agency.
Statutes establish the rights of the disabled to an adequate and appropriate education.
Statutes Find information on provincial statutes.
Statutes first take shape as bills .
Statutes frame each agency's direction, mission, and programs.
Statutes generally spell out the available procedures and remedies if there are violations.
Statutes give fixed stand.
Statutes go through the process and have differences that make little sense.
Statutes govern the procedures to follow.
Statutes govern the specific procedure to follow.
Statutes governing civil lawsuits, especially caps on damage awards, are among the most important.
Statutes governing the BWSR and SWCDs apply.
Statutes limit property tax rate increases.
Statutes modifying or abolishing joint and several liability are in derogation of the common law.
Statutes normally require that efforts be made to preserve the family relationship.
Statutes offer little encouragement to customized local problem-solving.
Statutes prescribe and restrict the terms of a contract where the general public is affected.
Statutes prohibit demonstrations.
Statutes prohibit monopolization of any facility.
Statutes protecting victims are on the books in each and every state.
Statutes provide definition.
Statutes provide details about what is meant by a law that has been passed.
Statutes provide employees with numerous avenues for legal challenges.
Statutes provide for filing the oath and bond by mail.
Statutes provide for many state employees to be designated appointees to boards and commissions.
Statutes provide other exceptions to the general rule of nondisclosure.
Statutes provide that existing grantees can apply for new funding.
Statutes relating to abortion often raise questions of constitutionality.
Statutes relating to applications for writ of error now apply to petitions for review.
Statutes relating to the same subject are to be harmonized, giving effect to each.
Statutes require attendance at a Nevada certified traffic school.
Statutes require every underground storage tank installation and upgrade to be inspected.
Statutes require that a quorum exist at any corporation meeting.
Statutes require the contractor to provide worker's compensation insurance.
Statutes restricting political speech receive the strictest scrutiny from the courts.
Statutes sometime specify fence heights.
Statutes supersede common law.
Statutes take precedence over regulation.
Statutes use precise terms.
Statutes vary as to expungement standards and procedures.
Statutes vary from one jurisdiction to another.
Statutes frequently require courts to make policy judgments.
Statutes often provide that so-called intellectual property is, in law, property.
Statutes usually provide broad authority and apply to general situations.
All statutes are subject to constitutional review.
Every statute begins as a bill.
Every statute is presumed to be constitutional.
Every statute is remedial in the sense that it alters the law or favors one group over an- other.
Every statute unavoidably conveys some discretion.
Many statutes are in various respects both prospective and retrospective.
Many statutes even require tangible evidence of savings before contracts can be awarded.
Many statutes have schemes of increasing penalties for repeat violations.
Many statutes presently confer immunity on administrative officers who act in good faith.
Many statutes prohibit written communications intended to harass, annoy, or seriously alarm.
Many statutes provide for retesting, at the employee's expense, following a positive test.
Most statutes allow either the board itself or shareholders to fill vacancies.
Most statutes prohibit demonstrations.
Most statutes provide definition.
Most statutes provide for a minimum number of incorporators, usually three.
Most statutes require at least three directors.
Some statutes appear in several different codes.
Some statutes appear to require agencies to make reasonable efforts to provide such data.
Some statutes are specific to particular methods of communication, such as the wiretap laws.
Some statutes authorize private individuals to file a civil action.
Some statutes contain their own definitions.
Some statutes define circumstances.
Some statutes do allow an insured to bring a private cause of action against an insurer.
Some statutes do prohibit disclosure.
Some statutes expressly provide that all confidential privileges are abrogated.
Some statutes govern distribution.
Some statutes protect people.
Some statutes provide for a state-run arbitration process.
Some statutes provide for review in the district court, some in the court of appeals.
Some statutes relating to sheriffs also govern the powers, duties and liabilities of constables.
Some statutes require that notice be given to the university prior to the proposed signing.
Some statutes restrict the life of the trust to the life of the pet or to a certain number of years.
Some statutes shield minority shareholders from harmful majority-approved amendments.
Statutory amendments take effect immediately after their adoption.
Statutory authority exists for the provision of services to specific groups of children.
Statutory authority is in art.
Statutory bars relate to activities of the patent applicant, while prior art can be from any source.
Statutory bodies are cumbersome and open to manipulation.
Statutory change is required if there is to be a change in title.
Statutory change is required.
Statutory charges are current as at .
Statutory citations are unnecessary.
All statutory citations are to the Labor Code, unless indicated.
Statutory commissions provide arms length arrangements when checks and balances are required.
Statutory construction involves a question of law and therefore our review is de novo .
Statutory construction involves a question of law.
Statutory construction is a matter of law and is considered de novo.
Statutory construction is a matter of law reviewed de novo.
Statutory construction is a question of law .
Statutory construction is a question of law subject to de novo review on appeal.
Statutory construction is a question of law subject to our de novo review.
Statutory construction is a question of law that is reviewed de novo on appeal.
Statutory construction is a question of law, and, therefore, our review is de novo.
Statutory construction is a question of law.
Statutory construction is an issue of law and our review is therefore de novo.
Statutory construction is clearly a question of law and thus fully reviewable by an appellate court.
Statutory context includes other provisions of the same statute and other related statutes.
Statutory controls are available to the public and are devised by the process of open debate.
Statutory damages are a legal remedy.
Statutory damages are available as an alternative to actual damages and profits.
Statutory damages are calculated per work infringed.
Statutory damages are different from and can be in addition to actual damages.
Statutory damages can be a much greater amount.
Statutory employees receive special treatment when they deduct unreimbursed business expenses.
Statutory exemption includes public school districts.
Statutory immunity applies to the township's sight triangle policy.
Statutory immunity protects the township's failure to mow the intersection.
Statutory instruments appear first individually, then in several bound volumes each year.
Statutory interest accrues until the judgment is satisfied.
Statutory interpretation begins with the language of the statute itself.
Statutory interpretation is a legal question.
Statutory interpretation is a matter of law and is reviewed de novo.
Statutory interpretation is a matter of law that is fully reviewable on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a matter of law.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law and appellate review is unlimited.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law and is subject to our de novo review.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law and is subject to our denovo review.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law and subject to unlimited review.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law calling for de novo review.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law for the courts to decide.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law for the courts.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law fully reviewable on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law reviewed de novo on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law reviewed de novo.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law subject to de novo review on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law subject to de novo review.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law subject to review de novo on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law subject to review de novo.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law that is also reviewed de novo on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law that is also subject to de novo review on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law that is reviewed de novo for error on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law that is reviewed de novo on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law that the panel reviews de novo.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law which is considered de novo on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law which is reviewed de novo for error on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law which is reviewed de novo on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law, which is reviewed de novo on appeal.
Statutory interpretation is a question of law.
Statutory interpretation is subject to de novo review.
Statutory interpretation presents a question of law reviewable de novo.
Statutory interpretation presents a question of law.
Statutory interpretation requires that words be given their natural and obvious meaning.
Statutory language authorizing the program clearly intends to fund the expansion of the program.
Statutory language indicates the seizures and sale of property for delinquent taxes are required.
Statutory language is made gender neutral.
Statutory language is needed to hold-harmless any merging communities.
Statutory language is unambiguous if it is susceptible to only one reasonable interpretation.
Statutory language refers only to salvage sale.
Statutory language seems clear.
Statutory language supports idea that individuals are liable.
A statutory law is a law
Statutory law appears in state and federal codes.
Statutory law begins life as a bill introduced in the legislature.
Statutory law can cover a whole host of noise nuisance.
Statutory law is law enacted by the legislature and embodied in the statutes.
Statutory law is passed by legislatures.
Statutory law is recorded in books called laws, statutes or codes.
Statutory law is republished in a federal or state compilation of laws and codes.
Statutory law refers to laws or acts or statutes passed by the California legislature.
Statutory law refers to laws that have been passed by a legislative body.
Statutory law requires a truckman to carry a minimum amount of coverage.
Statutory law restricts U.S. tourist expenditures in Cuba.
Statutory laws are laws.
Most statutory laws require interpretation.
Statutory liability is for the user only.
Statutory limits apply in the absence of posted speed limits.
Statutory limits can be absolute or prima facie.
Statutory meetings are for the elected members.
Statutory offence is crime
Statutory offences are every bit as concerned with social values as statutory defences.
Statutory officers serve for fixed terms, which vary according the statute governing each position.
Statutory penalty is awarded.
Statutory plans are inflexible and take too long.
Statutory provision is the guarantee of the integrity of the national archive.
Statutory provisions establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
Statutory provisions limit judicial review of national coverage and medical necessity decisions.
Statutory provisions weaken the argument for a common law exception.
A statutory rape is sex offense
Statutory rape has different and greater elements relating to the ages of the victim and defendant.
Statutory rape is a Class E felony.
Statutory rape is a crime now, as it was then.
Statutory rape is a felony crime.
Statutory rape is a teen-exclusive pattern crime.
Statutory rape is an interesting, possibly antiquated legal concept.
Statutory rape is defined as sexual intercourse with a person under a specified age.
Statutory rape is defined as the carnal knowledge of a female under legal age.
Statutory rape is something of a misnomer.
Statutory rape is the sort of seamy thing that happens everywhere.
Statutory rape is without question a serious crime.
Statutory rape occurs when a person has sexual intercourse with an underage minor.
Statutory rapes are rapes.
All statutory references are to RSMo.
All statutory references are to the Code of Civil Procedure, unless otherwise indicated.
All statutory references are to the Code of Civil Procedure.
All statutory references are to the Government Code.
All statutory references are to the Labor Code.
All statutory references are to the Public Resources Code.
All statutory references are to the Public Utilities Code, unless otherwise noted.
All statutory references are to the Public Utilities Code.
All statutory references are to the Texas Government Code.
All statutory references are to the Vehicle Code.
Statutory reform is necessary.
Statutory registers provide legal protection for heritage items.
Statutory regulation is necessary and inevitable.
Statutory regulations are more developed in Northern Ireland.
Statutory release is a legal requirement.
Statutory release is the same as parole.
Statutory requirements are either mandatory or jurisdictional.
Statutory requirements are necessary to ensure that sheriffs are trained and qualified.
Statutory requirements make such attention mandatory.
All statutory requirements continue to be met under the new inspection procedures.
Statutory research is rather different from researching the common law.
Statutory rights are advantageous, as they are easy to create and consequently are numerous.
All statutory rights remain unaffected.
Statutory rules are available as they commence.
Statutory schemes are easier to comprehend in print.
Statutory status can be transitory.
Statutory text is taken verbatim from federal government printings.
Statutory violations remain a common basis for asserting a public policy tort.
Staurikosaurus isa ornithischian.
Staurikosauruses have (part) brains.
Staurikosauruses have (part) breasts.
Staurikosauruses have (part) cell membranes.
Staurikosauruses have (part) cells.
Staurikosauruses have (part) chest cavities.
Staurikosauruses have (part) chests.
Staurikosauruses have (part) corpi.
Staurikosauruses have (part) cytoplasm.
Staurikosauruses have (part) ears.
Staurikosauruses have (part) faces.
Staurikosauruses have (part) heads.
Staurikosauruses have (part) nuclei.
Staurikosauruses have (part) pedal extremities.
Staurikosauruses have (part) plasma membranes.
Staurikosauruses have (part) rib cages.
Staurikosauruses have (part) sections.
Staurikosauruses have (part) skulls.
Staurikosauruses have (part) sterna.
Staurikosauruses have (part) vacuoles.
Staurikosauruses have (part) vertebrate feet.
Some staurikosauruses are distinguished from dinosaurs.
Some staurikosauruses live in environments.
Some staurikosauruses share many features.
A stave is a slat
Stave becomes first puzzle maker to commission original art for puzzles.
Staves also are available at garden centers.
Staves are part of barrels.
Staves are popular with elders.
Staves are red with square black notes.
Staves are slats.
Staves direct the action.
A stay is an act
Stays are acts.
Stays are braces.
Stays are generally two to four weeks.
Stays are in traditional round canvas tents.
Stays are limited to one night and a backcountry permit or reservation is required.
Stays are limited to one night.
Stays are limited to two weeks.
Stays are normally for a maximum of five days.
Stays are strips.
Stays are typically three to five days.
Stays are white plastic-coated steel with dipped, rounded ends.
Stays can be from a few days to a few weeks.
Stays can last from one night to one week or more.
Stays can often be as short as three nights.
Stays come and stays go.
Stays have a three-day minimum but many guests stay a week or more.
Stays preserve the status quo pending review of the action stayed.
Stays put and adjusts quickly.
Stays range from one to ten days, but reservations are required.
Stays tacky indefinitely.
Stays tacky through dust and dirt.
Stays vary so much that it's hard to say.
All stays are a minimum of three nights.
Stayings are situations.
A staysail is a sail
Most staysails are too small and have too narrow a head angle to be of much use.
STCH courses are open to all graduate students.
STCL deduction is zero because there is no ordinary income.
Most STEs are agricultural in nature.
Stead expects more transactions in Latin America, Central Europe, and Africa.
Stead is a role
Stead is functions.
Stead is nominated for the first Nobel Prize for Peace.
Stead is now on scholarship after first trying out as a walk-on.
Stead is the sod capital of Manitoba and ships sod and peat moss as far south as Texas.
Stead sees the family as a symbol for the world, ruled by power politics.
Stead warns government against retreat from the Sudan.
Steadfast woman reawakens ways to think endless realms of possibilities.
Steadier cameras lead to a better picture.
Steady air pressure indicates weather.
Steady approach resolves dilemma.
Steady attendance is central to our group process as well as to each individual's success.
Steady currents can only flow in continuous loops.
Steady employment is precarious.
Steady employment is the most influential indicator of all variables in the study.
Steady flows are often more tractable than otherwise similar unsteady flows.
Steady flows are ones for which there is no variation of the flow variables as time progresses.
Steady growth beats a rush to gold.
Steady growth is kept in animal husbandry and fishery industry.
Steady growth tends to be associated with good quality.
Some steady growth requires functions.
Steady hands apply sutures .
Steady images compress better because more video information is redundant between frames.
Steady improvement is sought in quality, form, finish, and performance.
Steady improvement is the way to go.
Steady income is difficult.
Steady lights mean no change.
Steady marker is great for downstage center and quarter marks.
Steady pain is less likely to be vascular in origin but can be if it is localized.
Steady performance is rewarded.
Steady performer goes all out expects the same from teammates.
Steady pressure indicates weather.
Steady pressure is also necessary to correctly tune the drones prior to play.
Steady pressure is better then too much back and forth ironing.
Steady pressure is maintained on the shaft.
Steady pressure teaches a horse to follow a feel.
Steady pressure works best.
Most steady pressure indicates weather.
Steady progress continues.
Steady progress depends on constant innovation and invention of newer practices.
Steady progress is here now, as well as excitement and general inspiration.
Steady rain cancels the hike.
Steady reading tends to be stored in long term memory.
Steady repetition is a compulsion mutually reenforced.
Steady repetition is a compulsion mutually reinforced.
Steady savings is an important part of home ownership.
Steady solutions are linear with constant heat flux.
Steady solutions are linear.
Steady state can occur in an open system.
Steady state occurs when concentration of a medication in the blood stream have reached a plateau.
Steady states are then periodic attractors, separated by unstable limit cycles.
All steady states have the same growth rates.
Steady temperature is a function of the controls.
Steady time is essential.
Steady winds turn the blades, which drive a generator making electricity.
Steak houses are all over, and to go to a vegetarian restaurant is practically unheard of.
Steak houses are located in cities.
Steak houses are located in japans.
Steak houses are located in strip malls.
Steak houses are located in towns.
Steak houses are popular.
Steak houses are the latest fashion.
Steak houses are used for eating.
Steak houses are used for eats.
Steak houses rank high on the list of favorite restaurants for locals.
Some steak houses brush the steaks with seasoned butter.
Steak thickness determines cooking time.
Steak comes from cows.
Steak contains proteins.
Steak has appearances.
Steak has attractive appearances.
Steak is artifacts.
Steak is cut of meat
Steak is cuts.
Steak is edibles.
Steak is food.
Steak is located in freezers.
Steak is located in grills.
Steak is located in ovens.
Steak is located in plates.
Steak is located in refrigerators.
Steak is meat.
Steak is used for cooking.
Steak is used for eating.
Steak isa meat.
Steaks appear with towering rice sticks.
Steaks are a delight.
Steaks are a specialty.
Steaks are also available.
Steaks are also close trimmed of fat.
Steaks are among the favorite dishes of Reata patrons, but the Reata has much more to offer.
Steaks are char-broiled to order and are served with saut ed mushrooms and shredded onion rings.
Steaks are cross section slices of large dressed fish such as salmon or halibut.
Steaks are cross-cut slices of fish with the backbone included.
Steaks are cross-section cuts from a large dressed fish and contain a portion of the backbone.
Steaks are difficult to cut from the ham area.
Steaks are exceptional affordable indulgences, the perfect gift for any season, any reason.
Steaks are exceptional, especially the Sicilian tenderloin.
Steaks are expensive here.
Steaks are extra-thick.
Steaks are from local pasture fed Northumbria beef, provided by the local butcher.
Steaks are generally more expensive than cod.
Steaks are gigantic.
Steaks are great using the microwave.
Steaks are hand-cut in our kitchen.
Steaks are huge, lamb chops are thick slabs, and the barbecue ribs barely fit on the plate.
Steaks are mesquite-grilled and powerfully smoky.
Steaks are mostly prime and juicy, some more flavorful than others.
Steaks are okay pretty much the way they are and so are sausages.
Steaks are our specialty.
Steaks are plain and delicious.
Steaks are pricey, but worth it.
Steaks are the kitchen's forte.
Steaks are the restaurant's other signature items.
Steaks are the size of hats and cost four dollars.
Steaks are the stars of the entree list, of course.
Steaks are top-grade Midwestern beef.
Steaks are unusually large, and the sauces are rich and abundant.
Steaks are vacuum packaged three steaks per package.
Steaks are very much in evidence as well as char grilled burgers and fish.
Steaks are well-seasoned and tender.
Steaks can be pan-sauteed in butter or oil in a heavy skillet.
Steaks can be tough.
Steaks can vary in thickness.
Steaks come from cows.
Steaks come in two per package.
Steaks come with soup or salad and a choice of potato.
Steaks here are wonderful.
Steaks tend to be thicker.
Steaks Use lower temperatures for cooking.
All steaks are aged on the premises to enhance their flavor and tenderness.
All steaks are approximate weight.
All steaks are cooked to order, please allow ample time.
All steaks are flame grilled or blackened and served with sauteed mushrooms.
All steaks are fresh cut daily in the restaurant and never frozen.
All steaks arrive on white-hot plates, still sputtering from a final shower of melted butter.
All steaks come with a dinner salad or a bowl of soup.
All steaks come with sauteed vegetables and chipotle mashers, finished with corn butter.
Most steak comes from cows.
Most steak contains proteins.
Most steak has appearances.
Most steak has attractive appearances.
Some steak serves with herb salad.
Some steak serves with salad.
Some steak shows evidence.
A steakhouse is a restaurant
Steakhouses are empty and people are getting sick of fish.
Steakhouses are located in buildings.
Steakhouses are located in cities.
Steakhouses are located in maines.
Steakhouses are located in towns.
Steakhouses are restaurants.
Steakhouses are so predictable.
Steakhouses are the fastest growing segment of the upscale restaurant community.
Steakhouses are used for dates.
Steakhouses are used for dinner.
Steakhouses are used for eating.
Steakhouses are very popular today.
Steakhouses continue to get more and more crowded, even in small towns.
Steakhouses continue to grow in popularity.
Many steakhouses offer excellent salad bars.
Steal is baseball
Steal is baseball.
Steals are another way to create a turnover.
Steals are one of the best ways to create turnovers.
Steals are pretty much a wash.
Steals is the other category that seems to get the brush off.
Steals occur by the bushel.
Stealing is crime.
Stealing is human activities.
Stealing is takings.
Many stealth geeks are geeks who have matured.
Most stealth variations occur when the parties take shortcuts.
Stealthy combat is served up with some luscious graphics.
Stealthy divers can often closely approach huge stingrays buried up to their eyeballs in the sand.
Stealthy strategies can get quite involved.
Steam automobiles can use a variety of fuels.
A steam bath is a room
Steam bath is to be turned off tightly.
Steam baths are gentle ways of heating organics.
Steam baths are rooms.
Steam baths can overflow if the drainage hole becomes blocked.
Some steam boats use energy.
Some steam boats use thermal energy.
A steam boiler is a vessel
Steam boiler uses up considerable space, and all production has to be built around it.
Steam boilers generate steam that is circulated through the system or is used as a process.
Steam bread is a major staple in Asia with each region having local characteristic preferences.
Some steam buns fill with duck meat.
Some steam buns fill with meat.
Some steam buns fill with mince meat.
Steam burns can be painful.
Steam cars are likely to explode.
Steam cars are unreliable and require a lot of maintenance.
Steam cars run on water.
Steam chests are part of steamers.
Most steam chests are part of steamers.
Most steam cleaners use a three-part system.
Steam cleaning can also maintain a specified temperature during hydrostatic testing.
Steam coal includes bituminous, sub- bituminous, lignite, and anthracite.
Steam coal includes bituminous, subbituminous, lignite, and anthracite.
Steam coal is coal
Steam coal is coal.
Most steam coal is used in power generation.
Steam cooking is recommendable for better taste.
Steam devils are phenomena often observed in the steam rising from power plants .
Steam distillation destroys or reduces many valuable components in essential oils.
Steam distillation is done in a still.
Steam distillation is required to obtain the essential oils.
Steam distillation is the common method employed for the production of oil.
Steam distillation is the preferred method of extracting oil.
Steam distillation is the surest method.
Steam distillation produces no allicin , but converts alliin entirely to diallyl sulfides.
Steam distillation provides the purest water available, leaving the impurities behind.
Steam distillation refers to the distillation of two immiscible liquids.
Steam distillation turns the spice into liquid form.
A steam engine is a heat engine
Steam engine is the fundamental technological advance of the Industrial Revolution.
Steam engines are among the most brilliant discoveries by mankind.
Steam engines are as thirsty for it as the passengers.
Steam engines are part of America s history.
Steam engines are part of steam locomotives.
Steam engines are part of steamers.
Steam engines are very common.
Steam engines become larger and carry higher pressure.
Steam engines have energy.
Steam engines have other advantages that, in regards to the wear factor, outclass gasoline engines.
Steam engines have potential energy.
Steam engines produce power.
Steam engines rely on boilers to store steam at a pressure necessary to operate the engine.
Steam engines use energy.
Steam engines use pistons.
Steam engines work best in HO and real long diesels look great in N scale.
All steam engines get thirsty after a long day's work.
Every steam engine has a boiler.
Every steam engine needs a boiler to make steam from water.
Most steam engines are black and they blend in.
Most steam engines are part of steamers.
Most steam engines have energy.
Most steam engines have potential energy.
Most steam engines produce power.
Most steam engines use energy.
Most steam engines use pistons.
Steam explosions cause spattering of the lava which results in the formation of scoria cones.
Steam generators are also susceptible to premature degradation.
Steam generators link the primary and secondary systems.
Steam heat is a highly efficient head conductor that can cause unwanted sericin loss.
Steam heat is a matter of timing, the vents on the side of the radiator provide that timing.
Steam heat is bad in a nursery.
Steam heat is heat
Steam heat is heating systems.
Steam heat is noisy, and buildings with steam heat often warm unevenly.
Steam heat is slow and steady.
Steam heat sizzles inside the pipes.
Steam heating is heating.
Steam injection continues until the oil viscosity is such that the oil can be pumped to surface.
A steam iron is a household appliance
Steam irons are available upon request.
A steam locomotive is an engine
Steam locomotives achieve their greatest horsepower at high speeds.
Steam locomotives are a universal attraction.
Steam locomotives are in full operation.
Steam locomotives are locomotives.
Steam locomotives are steam.
Steam locomotives require extensive maintenance, and facilities to perform that maintenance.
Steam locomotives steal the spotlight .
Steam pipes run along walls.
Most steam pipes run along walls.
Steam power is technique.
Steam pressure is indicated by a pressure gage on the operating panel.
A steam room is a room
Steam rooms are usually small tile-lined rooms with tile benches.
Steam systems are often a maze of lines going in every direction.
Steam systems have problems with solenoid valves sticking in either the on or off position.
All steam systems have to be vented and drained periodically.
Steam technology is basic and forgiving, allowing for a short learning curve and home-grown repairs.
Steam trains are alive and well in Bulawayo, hub of the national rail network.
Steam trains are part of our national heritage.
Steam trains are supposedly in the works for next summer.
Steam trains depart the Jamestown depot several times every weekend day during spring and summer.
Steam trains run throughout the year at weekends with many special events organised.
Steam traps are mechanical devices that remove condensate from steam piping and equipment.
Steam traps are vital in maintaining an economical situation since they prevent waste.
Steam traps are vital in the efficient and economical use of steam throughout the plant.
Steam tunnels are poorly lit, dirty, cramped, dangerous and uncomfortably hot.
Steam turbine engines to generate electricity.
A steam turbine is a turbine
Steam turbines are a little different.
Steam turbines are one of the most critical and expensive equipment in a power station.
Steam turbines are turbines.
Steam turbines can supply more power than large diesels at less cost.
Steam turbines come in many configurations.
Steam turbines drive generators.
Steam turbines produce a rotary motion.
Most steam turbines drive generators.
Steam vegetables have flavor.
Steam vents cut in the top also help.
A steam whistle is a whistle
Steam whistle is immediately to left of large smokestack.
Steam autoclaving is a suitable treatment technique for small volumes of infectious wastes.
Steam autoclaving is the preferred method for sterilizing surgical instruments.
Steam beets in a little water until tender.
Steam bends moderately well.
Steam billows forth.
Steam blanching takes a few minutes longer than blanching in water.
Steam blanching takes somewhat longer than water blanching but helps retain water-soluble vitamins.
Steam breaks through the hot lava and shoots cinders into the air which then build up craters.
Steam builds up inside the food during cooking.
Steam burns to the face and hands are possible if the popcorn or dish is opened too soon.
Steam can be very helpful in relieving congestion.
Steam cauliflower just until tender-crisp.
Steam cauliflower until crisp-tender.
Steam clams until shells just open up.
Steam collects at the top of the pressurizer.
Steam comes from heat.
Steam comes from water.
Steam comes out of teapots.
Steam comes out of the fire hydrant.
Steam comes out.
Steam coming off of the pool water is possible on very cold days.
Steam condenses on a surface.
Steam contains concentration.
Steam contains latent heat.
Steam creates partial vacuums.
Steam creates vacuums.
Steam curing is another option, if curing time is crucial.
Steam curls up from hot food into the clear, cold air.
Steam demands attention.
Steam discharges from vents and flaming braziers illuminate and heat the large room.
Steam drapes right on the rod.
Steam drill at work.
Steam drives turbines and makes electricity.
Steam engines in the automotive field.
Steam enhances clean power.
Steam enhances power.
Steam enters chambers.
Steam enters the condenser at the higher end of each bundle and condensate flow out the lower end.
Steam enters the steam chest.
Steam enters through the top of the condenser.
Steam exits the turbines down in the main condenser.
Steam flares from an opening in the highly active East Rift Zone.
Steam flows against the blades, causing the shaft to turn.
Steam flows from the steam drum to the superheater before entering the steam distribution system.
Steam flows through pipes.
Steam forms clouds.
Steam furnishes the smoke and is turned on by a stage hand.
Steam generated by the heat from nuclear fission drives the turbine to produce electricity.
Steam generated by the heat of nuclear fission is used to drive a turbine to produce electricity.
Steam generates electricity.
Steam gives smooth, silent power with outstanding acceleration.
Steam greens to help retain nutrients.
Steam hangs over the hot tub as the water bubbles furiously.
Steam has energy.
Steam has heat.
Steam helps smooth out the wrinkles as long as the iron's heat setting is appropriate for steam.
Steam helps to loosen buildup.
Steam helps to soften and relax the pubic hair and skin.
Steam hisses from a vent at one end of the tunnel.
Steam hisses from vents.
Steam ironing dry linen is less effective than dry or steam ironing dampened linens.
Steam is alive in the Schwarzwald.
Steam is available for heat or other in-plant uses, or it can be sold to neighboring customers.
Steam is gases.
Steam is hot.
Steam is molecules of water vibrating at an increased rate.
Steam is odourless, invisible gas consisting of vaporized water.
Steam is produced by heat.
Steam is software.
Steam is used for clean carpets.
Steam is vapor
Steam is vapor.
Steam is water.
Steam isa vapor.
Steam isa vapour.
Steam issues forth from the cakescape, and red spotlights suggest heat.
Steam leaves the power plant through a steam tunnel .
Steam lifts the batter in the oven producing a fluffy, cake-like batter.
Steam live oysters four to nine minutes in a steamer that is already steaming.
Steam live oysters four to nine minutes in a steamer that s already steaming.
Steam locomotive in Maldon.
Steam locomotive with power to all wheels.
Steam locomotive with rides through Maine.
Steam locomotives and their operation.
Steam locomotives, like ships, have individual personalities.
Steam mussels an d clams in a little water until their shells open.
Steam mussels just until the shell opens slightly.
Steam mussels with dill.
Steam opens pores and the herbal constituents assist in toning the skin.
Steam opens the skin's pores while deeply cleansing and rejuvinating all the skins layers.
Steam passes through a pipe connected at t when the valve x is opened.
Steam passes up through the perforated floor and vapourises the volatile oil.
Steam plays an important part in the chemical plants for process heating and turbine drives.
Steam pours out of the ground.
Steam press all seam allowances towards the dark fabric.
Steam press the hem to get the desired edge.
Steam press the weaving with pins still in board, wool setting.
Steam produces a shiny glossy crust color and helps to prevent wild breaks in the loaves.
Steam produces water.
Steam pushes pistons back and forth.
Steam pushes the blades on the turbine, which spins a generator to produce electricity.
Steam pushes the piston back and forth, making the crank turn the flywheel.
Steam pushes the piston one way.
Steam reaches out from the rocks like friendly hands, dispensing their heat.
Steam reforming is a simple process involving the reaction of light hydrocarbon fuels with steam.
Steam regenerates the solvent from the carbon bed.
Steam remember about either hatred yet take distance golfballs.
Steam removes the excess fluid in the body.
Steam rises and falls with the bellows of the food hawkers.
Steam rises and the shepherd carefully washes a spoon and a plate in the hot dripping whey.
Steam rises constantly from the Hot Springs.
Steam rises from an arc of golden urine.
Steam rises from beneath the pickup's hood.
Steam rises from black sand beaches.
Steam rises from coffee mugs on a gas heater and light pours in through dusty six-pane windows.
Steam rises from crevices and broken rocks at the top of all three peaks.
Steam rises from everywhere, obscuring the streets and buildings.
Steam rises from hidden vents near the summit.
Steam rises from monument.
Steam rises from pots.
Steam rises from the cooling tower at the Harris plant.
Steam rises from the ground, creating clouds that often obscure the view.
Steam rises from the river's surface, part of the never ending cycle.
Steam rises from the warm baskets in the winter air.
Steam rises from the water to surround and cook the food.
Steam rises from the water.
Steam rises from volcanic vents near a medical facility at the base of the mountains.
Steam rises gently from deposits of human excrement and urine.
Steam rises into the cooling coil leaving dissolved solids, salts and other contaminants behind.
Steam rises leaving behind dissolved solids, salts, heavy metals and other substances.
Steam rises like an offering, like the soul's longing for oneness.
Steam rises off the tea and fills the stars with aromas.
Steam rises through cooled lava.
Steam rises up from the cup, hmm something else is brewing around here.
Steam rising from a pot of boiling water or a hot bath is a cloud.
Steam roll the bumps out of the road, as the saying goes.
Steam rules the sky.
Steam runs turbines that make electricity, but when the coal burns up, it's gone.
Steam sail by an opportunity so educate autoweek magazine.
Steam shoots out like spray from a half blocked hose.
Steam shoots out of the sides of the cars.
Steam show many such facilities.
Steam show numerous examples of retail oil companies on local track maps.
Steam slices over boiling water for three to five minutes.
Steam softens and plasticizes the cellulose in the woods structure.
Steam squash whole or halved to best retain texture.
Steam starts to form.
Steam still explodes from vents on the peak. .
Steam still provides the most common means of converting heat into mechanical work.
Steam still rises from the tissue mill and the power plant.
Steam swirls upward from the motor.
Steam tables for gently warming a sauce or heating up a pot of beans without scorching the bottom.
Steam tortillas so as workable.
Steam traps .
Steam travels through the vertical shaft to raise the cylinder.
Steam turns a turbine which produces electricity.
Steam turns into water when cooled.
Steam turns turbine to make electricity.
Steam uses for regeneration.
Steam valves in cooling system and steam line.
Steam vegetables for a few minutes.
Steam vegetables to lock in nutrients.
Steam vents through holes that had been windows.
Steam vents, hot springs, even geysers, come and go, sometimes unexpectedly.
Steam wafts up from the bells of the brass line into the cold night air.
Steam wieners over mixture at low temperature for another half hour.
Steams are alive as camouflaged critters try to survive.
All steam is created within a plenum outside the room area.
More steam is driven off leaving more dissolved salts behind in the boiler water.
More steam means less cooling and less neutron absorbtion, and the problem gets worse.
Most steam comes from heat.
Most steam comes out of teapots.
Most steam contains concentration.
Most steam creates partial vacuums.
Most steam creates vacuums.
Most steam enhances clean power.
Most steam enhances power.
Most steam enters chambers.
Most steam flows through pipes.
Most steam generates electricity.
Most steam has heat.
Most steam is produced by heat.
Most steam produces water.
Most steam rises from pots.
Most steam used in the refinery is condensed to water in various types of heat exchangers.
Most steam uses for regeneration.
Most steams are small and flow intermittently.
Some steam causes burns.
Some steam causes painful burns.
Some steam comes from breaths.
Some steam contains grain.
Some steam drives electrical generators.
Some steam drives turbine generators.
Some steam locomotives utilize three sets of engines.
Some steam mixes with water.
Some steam provides heat.
Some steam rises from cool towers.
Some steam rises from large cool towers.
Some steam rises from towers.
Steamatic employees are committed to courteous, reliable service.
Steamatic services are in demand world-wide.
A steamboat is a boat
Steamboat also has a well constructed small airport that is ideal for the private flyer.
Steamboat also has America's top teen programs, with many options for our teen guests.
Steamboat also offers live music performed by local and nationally known music acts.
Steamboat appears to be fading slowly for the better part of the final four minutes of the match.
Steamboat falls to the mat two minutes remain.
Steamboat has a definite Western atmosphere.
Steamboat has long periods when it only has minor eruptions.
Steamboat has the closest major airport of any ski resort in Colorado or Utah.
Steamboat is a car rental company that rents cars subject to a rental agreement.
Steamboat is a cone-type geyser erupting from two main vents.
Steamboat is a gem with no pretensions, just waiting to be discovered.
Steamboat is a great mountain for intermediate skiers.
Steamboat is a great place to visit.
Steamboat is an excellent place for a Family Vacation with many local attractions for all seasons.
Steamboat is another case of mismanagement.
Steamboat is by far the best place for families.
Steamboat is famous for huge amounts of powder after storms.
Steamboat is great.
Steamboat is home to some of the best playgrounds in the country.
Steamboat is located on the largest concentration of hot springs anywhere.
Steamboat is number one for glades skiing and even intermediate skiers can do it.
Steamboat is one of the easiest ski areas in the world to get to.
Steamboat is the world's tallest geyser.
Steamboat makes family ski trips easier and more affordable.
Steamboat now offers nonstop flights from eight major cities including Dallas.
Steamboat offers a wealth of outdoor activities in the summertime.
Steamboat offers many great services to help with that special event.
Steamboat whistles no longer blew.
Steamboat wins the Intercontinental title in an amazing match.
Steamboat's a comin'.
Steamboats appear on the Sabine River.
Steamboats are a common sight on the rivers of the city.
Steamboats are boats.
Steamboats are steam.
Steamboats chug along the Mississippi River's bustling shoreline.
Steamboats Come True .
Steamboats Come True.
Steamboats fill the rivers.
Steamboats link the rivers to estuarine and coastal trade.
Steamboats ply lake.
Steamboats plying to all parts of Lake Ontario are to be met almost daily at Niagara.
Steamboats sail on inland waters such as rivers and lakes.
Steamed artichokes are great for dipping in butter or sauces.
Steamed asparagus makes a great side dish.
Steamed beets are wonderful in arame salads.
Steamed beetroot can make a great appetizer when paired with a sharp cheese or grain.
Steamed carrots provide more Beta-carotene than raw carrots.
Steamed clams are a necessary beginning.
Steamed fish is wonderful and easy to prepare.
Steamed Fish Make a fire that is long enough for the length of the fish and more than wide enough.
Steamed milk gives the coffee a more subtle, creamier taste.
Steamed rice comes with each meal.
Steamed rice is part of almost every meal.
Steamed rice is served on the side, and regulars rant like to crumble up a tortilla and add it, too.
Steamed vine leaves, also stuffed with rice and meat, are a delicacy.
A steamer is a clam
Steamer is pictured responding with a chauffeur and an officer on board.
Steamer isa ship.
Steamer isa utensil.
Steamers are attractive equipment, perforated to let steam flow through to the food.
Steamers are cooking utensils.
Steamers are generally inexpensive to run, relying on gas or even on timber off-cuts as a fuel.
Steamers are heavy, hot, dangerous and hard to use and only marginally effective.
Steamers are ships.
Steamers are steam.
Steamers are traditional fare.
Steamers are used for cooking.
Steamers can be plastic, as well.
Steamers come in either basket or the metal type.
Steamers currently has two separate floors, one for smoking and one for non-smoking.
Steamers have (part) anchors.
Steamers have (part) bases.
Steamers have (part) boilers.
Steamers have (part) cargo areas.
Steamers have (part) cargo decks.
Steamers have (part) ceilings.
Steamers have (part) fireplaces.
Steamers have (part) floors.
Steamers have (part) gyroscopes.
Steamers have (part) hubs.
Steamers have (part) hulls.
Steamers have (part) log lines.
Steamers have (part) piston chambers.
Steamers have (part) power trains.
Steamers have (part) readsides.
Steamers have (part) ribs.
Steamers have (part) rider plates.
Steamers have (part) ridge ropes.
Steamers have (part) room light.
Steamers have (part) rudder blades.
Steamers have (part) screw propellers.
Steamers have (part) sea anchors.
Steamers have (part) sections.
Steamers have (part) steam chests.
Steamers have (part) steam engines.
Steamers have (part) storage areas.
Steamers have (part) walls.
Steamers have (part) weather sheets.
Steamers have (part) window frames.
Steamers have (part) windowpanes.
Steamers have a very narrow speed range in which they reach full efficiency.
Steamers is a new restaurant right on the dock.
Steamers is creative.
Steamers is known for excellent crabs.
Steamers is open daily for breakfast and dinner during the peak season.
Steamers leave daily for the Amur, and t traffic is extensive.
Steamers line up for the race while spectators watch from barges.
Steamers normally move onto or over islands, nor off the edge of a tile.
Steamers normally move over unoccupied water spaces.
Steamers offers an extensive list of dinner possibilities in a tastefully nautical atmosphere.
Steamers only prosecute it now.
Steamers opens early and serves breakfast, lunch and dinner every day.
Steamers operate on some of the lakes, and a few ports are ice-free throughout the year.
Steamers replace hand engines.
Steamers report that the Cape Breton coast is blocked by ice.
Steamers venture somewhat nearer.
Steamers work just like they sound.
Steamers usually contain a rack on which the pan or mold of food rests while it cooks in the steam.
Some steamers cause motion.
Some steamers go to Boston.
Steamfitters install pipe systems that move steam under high pressure.
Steamings is cooking.
A steamroller is a vehicle
Steamroller is comin' through.
Steamroller isa vehicle.
Steamrollers are vehicles.
Steamrollers can be a distince hazard to travelling frogs.
Steamrollers can be a distinct hazard to travelling frogs.
Steamrollers have (part) sections.
Steamrollerings are dragoonings.
Stearated papers are only useful for sanding finishes and resinous woods.
Stearic acid has a neutral effect on blood cholesterol.
Stearic acid is a fatty acid that occurs in virtually all fats.
Stearic acid is a long chain fatty acid.
Stearic acid is a saturated acid, and so glyceryl tristearate is a saturated fat.
Stearic acid is a saturated fatty acid found in beef, some dairy foods, and chocolate.
Stearic acid is a saturated fatty acid found mainly in animal products and a few plant foods.
Stearic acid is an example of such a saturated fatty acid.
Stearic acid is another common fatty acid.
Stearic acid is chemical compounds.
Stearic acid is fatty acid
Stearic acid is the exception to their agreement.
Stearic acid is, in fact, known to actually reduce blood cholesterol levels.
Stearic acid makes candles burn more evenly.
A steatite is talcum
Steatite is softer than most stones .
Steatite is softer than most stones.
Steatite scarab with gold frame.
A steatorrhea is a symptom
Steatorrhea occurs in diseases that cause problems with how a person absorbs nutrients from food.
Steatotic livers have an upregulation of uncoupling proteins.
Stedman products are available in many retail stores, some of which accept mail orders.
Stedman specialists work to find parts for older crushers.
Steed isa horse.
Steeds escape confinements.
Steeds escape temporary confinements.
Steeds have (part) brains.
Steeds have (part) breasts.
Steeds have (part) cannon bones.
Steeds have (part) cell membranes.
Steeds have (part) cells.
Steeds have (part) chest cavities.
Steeds have (part) chests.
Steeds have (part) corpi.
Steeds have (part) cytoplasm.
Steeds have (part) ears.
Steeds have (part) faces.
Steeds have (part) heads.
Steeds have (part) hip sockets.
Steeds have (part) horsebacks.
Steeds have (part) horse's feet.
Steeds have (part) nuclei.
Steeds have (part) piluses.
Steeds have (part) plasma membranes.
Steeds have (part) rib cages.
Steeds have (part) sections.
Steeds have (part) skulls.
Steeds have (part) sterna.
Steeds have (part) vacuoles.
Steeds holly has lustrous dark green flat leaves.
Most steeds escape temporary confinements.
Some steeds enter towns.
Some steeds have operations.
Some steeds provide comprehensive solutions.
Some steeds provide services.
Some steeds provide solutions.
Some steeds provide streamline support services.
Some steeds provide support services.
Steel alloy has strength.
Steel alloys are mostly iron.
Most steel alloy has strength.
Some steel alloys have the quality to retain magnetism forever, thus forming permanent magnets.
A steel band is a band
Steel band clamps securely around drum.
Steel band is the name for the band play with only steel pans and percussions.
Steel bands practice nightly in yards.
Steel bands reinforce the seating platform, keeping springs securely housed inside the frame .
Steel bars ring for a shorter time and lead bars ring for a shorter time still.
Steel Beasts allows two players to form a crew of gunner and tank commander.
Steel box is also available.
Steel bridges are particularly vulnerable to salt-induced rust and corrosion.
Steel bridges result in constructions easy to understand.
Steel buildings offer an attractive cost efficient means by which to build a variety of structures.
Steel cable can also fray and cause injury.
Steel cable is run over the crown block down to the traveling block.
Steel cables are cables.
Steel cables are extremely strong but very flexible.
Steel cables are located in bridges.
Steel cables are located in buildings.
Steel cables are located in construction sites.
Steel cables are located in construction.
Steel cables are located in factories.
Steel cables are located in ground.
Steel cables are located in ships.
Steel cables are located in suspension bridges.
Steel cables are located in winchs.
Steel cables are used for construction.
Steel cans are magnetic so magnetic belts can be used to separate cans from other garbage.
Steel cans are the most recycled food and beverage container in the world.
A steel company is a company
Steel companies acquire their own coal companies and iron mines.
Steel companies are companies.
Steel companies can use it as a tool to track their environmental performance.
Steel companies pay large sums of taxes that support local and state governments.
Steel companies seem to be on a financial housekeeping drive.
Steel companies work to be low-cost producers and regularly beat up one another over prices.
Steel construction gives excellent long life characteristics with vitreous enamel finish.
Steel construction is durable yet lightweight.
Steel construction is practically non-existent.
Steel construction saves time and labor costs.
All steel construction provides tough front protection.
Steel design covers bending, compression and combined stresses.
A steel drum is a musical instrument
Steel drums are e. g. common packagings and segmentation is an often used conditioning method.
Steel fabrication is a kind of manufacturing work for construction industry.
Steel fabrication is completed in house which enables our rigid standards to be maintained.
Steel fabrication is presently underway off-site.
Steel frame has a durable powder-coated finish.
Steel frame is included.
Steel frame is shock absorbing.
Steel frame offers stronger, hi-strength steel frame and screws.
Steel frame protects all components.
Steel frame rails only.
Steel frame requires fire protection.
Steel frame rides well, and is stiff when climbing or sprinting, and supple over the stutter bumps.
Steel frames add stability.
Steel frames are dangerous.
Steel frames provide lateral resistance.
All steel frame has quick detachable bracket making it easy to attach and remove.
Most steel frames add stability.
Steel framing accommodates all types of commonly used finishing materials.
Steel framing can accommodate all types of commonly-used siding and finish materials.
Steel Framing can interfere with TV and radio reception or garage door openers .
Steel framing can interfere with TV and radio reception or garage door openers.
Steel framing can weigh only one third as much as traditional products.
Steel framing creates good sound insulation, one of the most important qualities in a home.
Steel framing decreases construction time, provides increased strength and conserves trees.
Steel framing is a termite resistant material.
Steel framing is bolted together on the ground.
Steel framing is cost effective.
Steel framing is designed to meet or exceed governmental energy efficiency standards.
Steel framing is good for the environment .
Steel framing is termite proof, non-combustible, and durable.
Steel framing is used exclusively for commercial construction and has been for many years.
Steel framing is used in many applications of homes built with insulating concrete forms.
Steel framing leads the way in conservation of resources.
Steel framing offers price stability and is very competitive with wood products.
All steel framing is manufactured with a galvanized coating.
Steel girders being conductors act as an antenna.
Steel grit is many times more expensive per ton than sand or black beauty.
A steel guitar is a guitar
Steel guitar is also a sweet sound.
Steel guitars are a small family of instruments closely related to the six string Spanish guitar.
Steel guitars are guitars.
Steel guitars are machines as well as a music producing source.
A steel industry is an industry
Steel industries experience a plus.
Steel industries produce poor quality products.
Steel industries produce products.
Steel industries produce quality products.
Most steel industries produce poor quality products.
Most steel industries produce products.
Most steel industries produce quality products.
Steel magnolias are bands.
Steel magnolias are films.
All steel magnolias are welcome here.
Steel manufacturers add magnesium to steel to remove sulfur and other impurities.
Steel manufacturers continue to explore opportunities for beneficial reuse in their processes.
A steel mill is a factory
Steel mills are factories.
Steel mills are manufacturing plants.
Steel mills are mills.
Steel mills are the makers of steel and they typically sell it in large quantities.
Steel mills can run into problems if they receive radium-contaminated pipes as scrap.
Steel mills have blast furnaces.
Steel mills have furnaces.
Steel mills use it.
Steel mills use one of two types of furnaces to make new steel.
Most steel mills have blast furnaces.
Most steel mills have furnaces.
Steel pan is another oddity instrument made out of necessity.
Steel pans are like drums but are metal and made oil drums.
Steel pipe is connected between the towers to supply water to sprinklers along the lateral.
Steel pipes wait to be shipped.
A steel plate is a plate
Steel plate is covered with graphite to reduce friction and for longer belt life.
Steel plate is used because it's cheaper and it adds to the strength of the boat.
Steel plate welded to the undercarriage protects the car's underbelly from rough terrain.
Steel plates are plates.
Steel plates are press formed for strength.
Steel plates give the wheels a smooth riding surface.
Steel plates protect the chamber from shrapnel produced by detonation of a pipe bomb.
Steel producers add various amounts of carbon.
Steel producers indicate large output gains in the past month or two.
Steel producers use metallurgical coal, or coke , a distilled fuel that is almost pure carbon.
All steel producers recycle a significant proportion of steel scrap.
Steel production is an industry that is vital to the well-being of our state.
Steel production is bad, bread and circuses are good.
Steel production is greater than that of any other alloy.
Steel production is production
Steel production is production.
Steel recycling can reduce greenhouse and acid gas emissions from the steel-making industry .
Some steel rings have appearances.
Steel roller glides across all terrain which allows for rigid flotation under the hammer.
Steel rollers dissipate heat efficiently increasing motor, belt and deck life.
Steel rollers improve belt and deck life compared to other types of rollers.
Steel shot has very different properties than lead shot.
Steel shot is harder and lighter than lead.
Steel shot is mandatory for ALL shotgun hunting regardless of the species being hunted.
Steel shot is now mandatory in Canada.
Steel shot is propelled at the surface at high speeds.
Steel shot is required for all upland game hunting on the islands.
Steel shot is required for all waterfowl hunting.
Steel shot is required.
Steel shot is the favoured replacement.
Steel shutters protect the numerous windows and a heavy steel railing surrounds the building.
Steel Soldiers demo is that it's weak.
Steel Spider helps buyers locate and buy for excess, prime and secondary steel.
Steel strings are fairly bright sounding.
Steel strings are just what they say they are.
Steel strings have a much higher tension than nylon strings when tuned to the correct pitch.
Steel strings have ringing sustain and a sharper attack.
Steel structures are available powder-coated or in galvanized steel to prevent rusting.
Steel structures have many environmental benefits and are considered very green.
Steel toe exceeds requirements.
Steel toes are available on some boots.
Steel toes are omniglots.
Steel trace is recommended closest to the bait.
Steel trusses are unaffected by termites.
Steel trusses cross at angles overhead.
Steel walls are straight, with square corners, and they all but eliminate pops in drywall.
Steel wheels are perfect to use for winter driving because they're inexpensive.
Steel wheels are standard, optional alloy rims add a performance look.
Steel wheels combined with lightweight vehicles ensure reduced noise and vibration levels.
Steel Wheels Live.
Steel wheels offer traction.
Most steel wheels offer traction.
Steel wool is abrasive.
Steel wool is also excellent stuff.
Steel wool is an abrasive material
Steel wool is capable of burns.
Steel wool is effective, but hard on the hands.
Steel wool is located in cabinets.
Steel wool is unique in that it both cuts and burnishes the wood.
Steel wool makes a good temporary plug.
Steel wool mixed with caulking compound makes a good plug.
Steel wool tinder on massive steroids.
Steel work begins late in the month.
Steel work begins.
Steel work continues.
Steel work is completed on that building.
Steel works range from steel furniture to wall hangings to outdoor sculpture.
Steel workers are sinewy, but tasty.
Steel workers do it hotter.
Steel workers finish moving safety nets.
Steel accounts for most of the rest.
Steel advises employers to challenge their employees.
Steel alloyed with chromium is harder and less brittle than iron and highly rust-resistant.
Steel also appears in the giant box-truss bridge that spans the tracks.
Steel also fits the budget of most projects.
Steel also has a number of concerns, questions, and issues related to basic tax reform.
Steel also holds an edge when it comes to recyclability.
Steel also rusts to varying degrees except in cases where alloys are used.
Steel also seems due for a come back.
Steel asks that the slump be put in perspective.
Steel avoids the circle using a similar strategy while taking a different route.
Steel becomes more brittle in low temperatures.
Steel begins by explaining how lucky Earth-dwellers are to see eclipses at all.
Steel begins to argue with both men.
Steel belted tires are steel fibers in a rubber matrix.
Steel can be advantageous if a prime objective is speed of erection.
Steel can be extremely strong.
Steel can be flame sprayed with zinc or even aluminium.
Steel can be very hard, but at the same time brittle.
Steel can certainly lend a hand.
Steel can end markets include steel mills and foundries.
Steel can logo on nearly every page of every component.
Steel can make swords or plowshares.
Steel can penetrate heat and heat can penetrate steel because they are of different density.
Steel Can Recycling explains why and how steel cans are recycled.
Steel can resist greater hurricane and earthquake forces.
Steel can rightfully boast that it is one of the most recycled of all industrial materials.
Steel can withstand all kinds of abuse.
Steel canned goods are convenient for families on the go or great to have on hand for recipe making.
Steel capped switches and spring suspended controls provide rugged dependability for the road.
Steel claims it is owed.
Steel comes from Japan, mirrors from mainland China and ABS from Taiwan.
Steel comes in a variety of widths, thickness and configurations.
Steel comes in any length shape, size and thickness.
Steel comes late.
Steel conjures images of war production and words like hard and cold.
Steel consist mainly of iron.
Steel consists of irons.
Steel containing vanadium is stronger, tougher, and more rust-resistant than steel without vanadium.
Steel contains elements.
Steel contains irons.
Steel contains less carbon than cast iron.
Steel contains recycle steel.
Steel contains steel.
Steel continues to be a growing application in automotive and other areas.
Steel costs less but rusts, shortening the life of the mower.
Steel describes how eclipses are useful for the detailed work of science, too.
Steel does conduct electricity.
Steel does have strength under tension, but is still stronger under compression.
Steel does have the best starting point in terms of sustainability of all materials.
Steel drops spatter like quicksilver, glowing metal white.
Steel drums steeldrm.krz . . .
Steel expands or contracts as the temperature changes.
Steel expands or contracts if there's a temperature shift.
Steel expands when heated.
Steel flows into the mold through ports in the submerged entry nozzle, which is usually bifurcated.
Steel folding security gates expand and collapse to fit most openings.
Steel framed construction is for the most part, faster construction, than wood, stick buildings.
Steel framed homes are less efficient than wood framed homes.
Steel framed houses are less costly for fire hazard insurance.
Steel framed projects have less on-site waste of materials.
Steel framed structures can bond the structural members to earth to provide lightning protection.
Steel framing components fall into two basic categories.
Steel framing for residential home construction is on the rise.
Steel framing for single family homes is already popular in some parts of the country.
Steel gives way to computer software, railroads take a back seat, and Internet commerce is born.
Steel goes down faster, though.
Steel grinds against steel.
Steel handle with epoxy finish is fixed by sturdy rivets.
Steel handle with plastic grip.
Steel has a long history.
Steel has a lot to offer over traditional materials.
Steel has a low cost , but rusts .
Steel has a low cost, but rusts.
Steel has a much higher resistance than gold or aluminum.
Steel has a number of advantages over wood.
Steel has a relatively high resistance.
Steel has a very discouraging tendency built into the process of selective hardening.
Steel has advantage.
Steel has an environmental advantage over wood, since steel is a recycled material.
Steel has characteristics.
Steel has conductivity.
Steel has definite advantage.
Steel has great feel and the blue color rocks.
Steel has high elasticity.
Steel has irons.
Steel has lots of it.
Steel has many advantages, though.
Steel has many environmental advantages.
Steel has one of the highest weight to strength ratios of all construction materials.
Steel has patina and sealed with urethane to retard rusting.
Steel has physical characteristics.
Steel has strength.
Steel has the added advantage of lasting forever.
Steel has the advantage of being lighter and therefore easier to transport and install.
Steel has the advantage of being the established material that auto engineers already know.
Steel has the same strength in tension as it has in compression, unlike concrete.
Steel has thermal conductivity.
Steel has ultimate strength.
Steel hopes to diversify the staff, representing the targeted student population within the faculty.
Steel includes wrought nickel based products.
Steel is a case in point.
Steel is a compelling place with lots of unusual corners and twists.
Steel is a compound.
Steel is a cost effective and very tough hull material.
Steel is a cyclical industrial commodity.
Steel is a dynamic and revolutionary industry.
Steel is a film that kids are going to want to see.
Steel is a general term used for alloys of iron and other elements.
Steel is a good compromise and socket wrenches are ideal.
Steel is a hard, strong, durable, malleable alloy of iron and carbon.
Steel is a homogeneous material that stays uniform throughout the shaft.
Steel is a homogeneous mixture.
Steel is a manufactured product and therefore has many benefits over wood.
Steel is a metal alloy which includes iron and often some carbon.
Steel is a metal made by combining iron, other metals, and carbon.
Steel is a metal used to build buildings, railroads, and bridges.
Steel is a metaphore for self reliance adn national security.
Steel is a mixture of elements but mostly iron, so it is also magnetic.
Steel is a mixture of iron and carbon .
Steel is a mixture, or alloy, of iron and carbon, combined during the smelting process.
Steel is a modern material and is eminently recyclable .
Steel is a much more modern material than wrought or cast iron.
Steel is a normal, hard, polished substance.
Steel is a pretty good producer of light.
Steel is a purified alloy of iron with carbon which is manufactured in the liquid state.
Steel is a recycled and recyclable product.
Steel is a rigid material while rubber deforms easily and is a more flexible material.
Steel is a rigid material with a high elasticity.
Steel is a sector of great sensitivity and visibility.
Steel is a solution of metals.
Steel is a super material for sculpture.
Steel is a superior construction material.
Steel is a surprisingly common material.
Steel is a variety of iron that has been changed by adding amounts of carbon and other elements.
Steel is a versatile, constantly developing material that underpins all manufacturing activity.
Steel is a very strong and versatile metal.
Steel is a viable option for a couple of reasons.
Steel is a vital national interest.
Steel is abundant, competitvely priced and fully recyclable.
Steel is alloy.
Steel is also a green framing material in sustainable home development, as is steel roofing.
Steel is also available.
Steel is also generally the most affordable of the materials listed here.
Steel is also the material of choice for commercial or industrial truss construction.
Steel is an alloy of carbon and iron.
Steel is an alloy of carbon with other metals.
Steel is an alloy of iron and carbon, with some special steels containing other elements.
Steel is an alloy of iron and carbon.
Steel is an alloy of iron, chromium and nickel with carbon.
Steel is an enduring standard for benches where abuse, weight, banging and cutting are anticipated.
Steel is an environmental leader.
Steel is an example.
Steel is an immense improvement over bronze.
Steel is an important indicator of industrial production because most manufacturers use steel.
Steel is an increasing cost industry.
Steel is an obvious low budget cheepie.
Steel is another beneficiary.
Steel is another good example.
Steel is anticipated to be erected within two weeks.
Steel is as strong as titanium, but titanium is twice as strong as aluminum.
Steel is assumed to be generated close to the ski assembly facility.
Steel is back in a big way.
Steel is basically an alloy of iron and carbon.
Steel is big for shoring up unstable buildings.
Steel is black powder coat only.
Steel is building materials.
Steel is capable of rust.
Steel is certainly strong but it is relatively heavy.
Steel is certainly stronger than aluminum, but at the cost of added weight.
Steel is cheap , strong and easily shaped .
Steel is chosen for ruggedness and economy in building.
Steel is currently the most recycled material in commerce.
Steel is cut and hand-fitted to an area of the cracked castings which has been cut out and removed.
Steel is described using a four-digit numerical system.
Steel is different from wrought iron, that has little or no carbon.
Steel is digested with nitric acid in teflon beakers.
Steel is dirt cheap.
Steel is durable and the most recycled material on earth.
Steel is easy to maintain.
Steel is environmentally friendly.
Steel is Environmentally Friendly.
Steel is extremely susceptible to attack by chloride ions.
Steel is fairly easy to recycle and in the United States it is very widely and profitably recycled.
Steel is far less expensive than lighter weight alternatives, especially in high-volume production.
Steel is for gentlemen.
Steel is forged in fire.
Steel is formed into various shapes for utilization in light and heavy duty trucks and automobiles.
Steel is formed under, which eliminates twisting and deflection.
Steel is fully recyclable.
Steel is hard to true and brakes poorly even with special brake pads.
Steel is harder and deforms less.
Steel is harder and stronger than iron.
Steel is heavier and stiffer but better protection versus knives and fists.
Steel is heavy, aluminum light.
Steel is heavy.
Steel is high tech and business oriented.
Steel is in place along with utilities.
Steel is in place for the two levels of the new band facility.
Steel is in stock, ready to be made into gates and panels.
Steel is infinitely recyclable with a robust market.
Steel is insusceptible to termites.
Steel is interested in assuring for the welfare and well being of children everywhere.
Steel is iron with a higher carbon content and is much stronger.
Steel is iron with extra carbon in it.
Steel is iron with more carbon in it than regular iron.
Steel is just a part of the metal industry, And no vehicle without the electric engineering.
Steel is known to cause the steering device of the drilling bit to veer off course.
Steel is less brittle and stronger than iron.
Steel is light and hard, and each shell s payload is smaller.
Steel is lighter than lead.
Steel is lightweight, cost effective, easy to use, recycled and recyclable.
Steel is lightweight, requiring less structural support than tile.
Steel is like corn flakes, try it again for the first time.
Steel is located in automobiles.
Steel is located in beams.
Steel is located in bridges.
Steel is located in buildings.
Steel is located in factories.
Steel is located in forges.
Steel is located in hospitals.
Steel is located in mills.
Steel is located in steel mills.
Steel is located in tall buildings.
Steel is made by mixing iron ore with limestone or dolostone .
Steel is made from heating iron ore, magnesium, and oxygen.
Steel is made from iron and iron is found in many interesting minerals.
Steel is made from iron ore which is magnetic.
Steel is made from iron ore which is, of course, a stone.
Steel is made from iron.
Steel is made of iron and carbon.
Steel is made of irons.
Steel is mainly iron, but has other metals in as well.
Steel is marketed in a wide variety of sizes and shapes.
Steel is metal
Steel is metal.
Steel is more common in irons and wedges.
Steel is more dense than wood, so a cubic inch of steel is heavier than a cubic inch of wood.
Steel is more dent-resistant than aluminum, but it can rust.
Steel is more durable than iron.
Steel is more resistant to stress cracks caused by dropping or rough handling.
Steel is most dependent on auto to survive.
Steel is mostly iron with a percent or so of carbon.
Steel is mostly iron, so steel is magnetic too.
Steel is moved to external warehouses where it awaits final shipment.
Steel is much better material for transferring mechanical force than is plastic.
Steel is much more ordinary then copper and is much easier to find.
Steel is much stiffer than water, which is in turn much stiffer than air.
Steel is much stronger than cast iron, and give no risk of breaking like cast iron does.
Steel is neutral.
Steel is next then elastomers.
Steel is noncombustible, performs well in high wind and seismic areas, and resists corrosion.
Steel is non-combustible.
Steel is now mass-produced.
Steel is often less expensive, but either material performs beautifully in the right hands.
Steel is okay, but nowhere near as good as nickel silver.
Steel is one of the strongest materials available when in tension.
Steel is one of the strongest materials known to man.
Steel is one of the strongest materials on the planet.
Steel is only half-right.
Steel is our most popular product.
Steel is practical and safe.
Steel is probably best for small washers, or bronze or brass for large fancy ones.
Steel is produced from iron with some carbon thrown in.
Steel is proven to be effective in hunting situations, but there are optional products.
Steel is purchased from several certified steel vendors.
Steel is real.
Steel Is Real.
Steel is really real.
Steel is recommended for heavier riders.
Steel is reliable, reasonably light weight, easy to align or repair, and offers excellent value.
Steel is rolled in huge rolling machines.
Steel is Safe.
Steel is sharpeners.
Steel is shocked and upset.
Steel is sold for reuse.
Steel is sold to scrap metal dealers and steel mills to make a variety of new steel products.
Steel is sold to the usual customers unless someone else shows up.
Steel is still the most commonly used metal in bike frame construction.
Steel is straight and true, which prevents the problem of walls being out of plumb.
Steel is strong in tension, concrete is strong in compression.
Steel is strong when it is stretched, or in tension.
Steel is strong, durable and extremely versatile.
Steel is strong, light, long-lasting and completely recyclable.
Steel is stronger and lighter, recycled, and consistent with every stud.
Steel is stronger than any other material in compression.
Steel is stronger than wood, weighs less and provides more clearance.
Steel is stronger than wood.
Steel is stronger, lighter, and more stable than other building materials.
Steel is stronger, more durable and made to be mobile, a key aspect of modular systems.
Steel is stronger, pound for pound, and thus less weight is used for steel roofing.
Steel is stronger.
Steel is the backbone of automobile construction.
Steel is the backbone of bridges, skyscrapers, railroads, automobiles, and appliances.
Steel is the backbone of bridges, the skeleton of skyscrapers, the framework for automobiles.
Steel is the bedrock of our manufacturing economy and essential to our national defense.
Steel is the best material for comfortable daily riding.
Steel is the company's largest purchased commodity.
Steel is the engine that drives automotive recycling.
Steel is the environmental leader among automotive materials.
Steel is the epitome of a bad industry.
Steel is the essential raw material in our products.
Steel is the least expensive but also has the lowest conductivity of the three.
Steel is the material of choice for most of the artists represented.
Steel is the material with the worst potential for light weight construction.
Steel is the most affordable boat building material.
Steel is the most common form of iron.
Steel is the most common material used in dry chlorine service.
Steel is the most commonly galvanized metal.
Steel is the most practical and durable frame for touring.
Steel is the most recycled material in America.
Steel is the most recycled material in North America.
Steel is the most recycled material in the world.
Steel is the most recycled material on earth .
Steel is the most recycled material on earth.
Steel is the most recycled material on Earth.
Steel is the most recycled material on the planet, more than glass, aluminum and paper combined.
Steel is the most recycled material.
Steel is the most rugged, highest impact-resistant substance.
Steel is the most useful metal known.
Steel is the most useful of metals.
Steel is the permanent fix.
Steel is the predominate metal used for the cords.
Steel is the prefered choice whenever possible.
Steel is the preferred packaging material for drums and pails.
Steel is the product of one of the greatest indus- tries.
Steel is the super-hard result of a hellish fusion of iron with carbon.
Steel is the world's largest industry with no central marketplace.
Steel is the world's most versatile material to recycle.
Steel is trickier to work with than lead.
Steel is truly the most recycled material.
Steel is unaffected by changes in the weather.
Steel is unloaded from one in Kansas City.
Steel is up and the new garage for our microwave live truck is near completion.
Steel is used for the back seats.
Steel is used in buildings.
Steel is used in parts of Europe and Japan.
Steel is used to make both cars and refrigerators.
Steel is used to make new steel products.
Steel is used to make paper clips, skyscrapers and everything in between.
Steel is used to make rails for railway lines.
Steel is used to make slotted floors for small animals such as young pigs, calves, and sheep.
Steel is used to making buildings and bridges, and all kinds of machines.
Steel is used when strength and structural integrity are the primary focus of a piece.
Steel is very elastic and can reflect back to the shooter.
Steel is vital to our everyday life.
Steel is well qualified to write such a book.
Steel isa alloy.
Steel makes a slightly heavier bike but absorbs road vibration better than aluminum.
Steel makes good use of fuels that are byproducts from the coke-making and ironmaking processes.
Steel measuring tapes vary in length slightly depending on the temperature.
Steel mistakenly thinks Daedalus has come for a job and is elated at that thought.
Steel mono hull design.
Steel mounting brackets, wiring kit, switch and all hardware are standard features.
Steel needs more maintenance than aluminum and is heavier, requiring additional support.
Steel offers a little bit more on the technology side.
Steel offers excellent finish durability with modern coatings.
Steel offers lateral stability.
Steel offers stability.
Steel plays an important long-lasting role in roofing as well.
Steel provides a more reliable supply of framing materials for builders.
Steel provides the safest and most secure framework for automotive vehicles.
Steel reacts very poorly to most chemicals, with theexception of black patina.
Steel really hurts.
Steel reflects the strength and beauty in of the region.
Steel reinforced strike plate areas deter forced entry on exterior doors.
Steel reinforcing bars on doors and gratings or bars on windows offer good security.
Steel reinforcing provides firm support when moving heavy material.
Steel remains a major industry in the area, as well as services, manufacturing and health care.
Steel remains Pittsburgh's chief manufacture.
Steel remains the industry standard frame material.
Steel remains the most widely used material, but it is no longer labor-intensive.
Steel requires a different pretreatment than aluminum.
Steel resists the notion of growth in any politician.
Steel reveals a number of such gaffes throughout history that have affected the Gregorian calendar.
Steel rigging begins to hum.
Steel rolling machines float on barges of concrete.
Steel rusts very slowly when it is kept wet.
Steel says cost control is uppermost as margins have been squeezed.
Steel scratches it, but it is very heavy, weighing several hundred pounds.
Steel shows no interest.
Steel slowly slides over to the two and comes to.
Steel stands above all.
Steel still rusts.
Steel successfully addresses the permeability and affordability issues.
Steel takes it all in stride.
Steel takes the pressure off of renewable resources and saves valuable landfill space.
Steel tends to pattern more tightly than lead.
Steel used in commercial products such as automobiles is galvanized to reduce corrosion.
Steel When purchasing steel cans, steel mills want only steel cans.
Steel writes well, builds compelling characters and knows how to tell a story.
Steels come in several forms.
Steels has a long history of winning Belgian titles.
Steels has to be super for the parcours in Sydney.
Steels range in size from eight to fourteen inches.
All steel conducts electricity.
All steel is constructed out of formed steel.
All steel is extra thick and tough.
All steel is recyclable.
All steel is to be shop primed gray and free of any surface defects.
All steel is USA manufactured steel.
All steel is wheel-abraded and primed before construction starts.
All steel produced in the United States today is made using recycled material.
More steel is poured in an hour than gold has been poured since the beginning of time.
More steel is recycled in North America each year than aluminum, plastic and glass combined.
More steel is recycled than all other materials combined.
More steel is recycled than paper, aluminum, glass and plastic combined.
More steel is recycled than paper, plastic, glass, and aluminum materials combined.
More steel is sold today than all other metals combined.
More steel is used in the bodies, replacing wood components used previously.
More steel means longer life.
Most steel arrives in coils.
Most steel contains elements.
Most steel contains irons.
Most steel contains recycle steel.
Most steel contains steel.
Most steel does conduct electricity.
Most steel has advantage.
Most steel has characteristics.
Most steel has conductivity.
Most steel has definite advantage.
Most steel has irons.
Most steel has physical characteristics.
Most steel has strength.
Most steel has thermal conductivity.
Most steel has ultimate strength.
Most steel is consumed in the automobile and construction industries.
Most steel offers lateral stability.
Most steel offers stability.
Most steels have much more carbon .
Most steels have much more carbon.
Some steel conducts electricity.
Some steel covers corners.
Some steel has capacity.
Some steel has hands.
Some steel has heat capacity.
Some steel has heat conductivity values.
Some steel has inclusions.
Some steel has properties.
Some steel has rust.
Some steel has thickness.
Some steel has values.
Some steel helps deterioration.
Some steel offers advantage.
Some steel offers economic advantage.
Some steel requires heat.
Some steel requires lower heat.
Some steels are easily bent while others are so brittle they shatter.
Steelcase furniture can have corner worksurfaces.
Many Steele parents share that view.
Steele wants Chicago back among the top ten science schools within five years.
Steelhead fisheries are variable and sometimes fall short of mitigation goals.
Steelhead fishing is a great way to fill the early season gap between ice fishing and open- water.
Steelhead fishing is also world class.
Steelhead fishing is done in cold weather in early spring, late fall and winter.
Steelhead fishing is fabulous on the Pike River.
Steelhead fishing is good during the spring and fall.
Steelhead fishing is just fantastic.
Steelhead fishing is very good right now.
Much steelhead fishing occurs for fish that are visible on spawning gravel.
Steelhead season is closed.
A steelmaker is a maker
Steelmakers also can provide high quality continuously by owning their downstream operations.
Steelmakers also can sell slabs through the site.
Steelmakers also use the steel to prepare for major outages, such as blast-furnace rel ines.
Steelmakers are makers.
Steelmakers benefit from the longer contracts because it reduces uncertainty.
Steelmakers have similar opportunities in steel-framed housing and all the other kinds of niches.
Steelmakers hope that inspections decline as incidences of noncompliance decrease.
Steelmakers hope to see that figure double again over the next several years.
Steelmakers look at inventory turns to monitor the performance of their supply chain.
Some steelmakers believe that electrode consumption is lower in DC EAFs.
A steelman is a maker
Steelman finds showing clients the mock-ups saves money and time.
Steelman is a leading insurance and drug company lobbyist.
Steelwork starts to take shape.
A steelworker is a maker
Steelworker celebrates humanity and honors honest labor.
Steelworkers attach the stiffening trusses to the suspenders.
Steelworkers don t have to become eco-freaks.
Steelworkers forever allege that.
Steelworkers hold rally .
Steelworkers rig and operate special equipment used to build metal structures.
Steelworkers stand perhaps the most to lose under the agreement.
Steelworkers take their elections seriously.
Steely acidity balances intense fresh-fruit sweetness.
Steely dryness can balance well if the flavors show enough character.
Steenbok are a common game species that are often taken by big game hunters.
Steenbok are abundant in South Africa and distributed widely throughout the country.
Steenbok are browsers and feed on shoots, young leaves, tubers, flowers and fruits.
Steenbok are found in many parts of South Africa all the way south to the Eastern Cape.
Steenbok are found in open grassland with light tree cover across most of southern Africa.
Steenbok are known to hide in old aardvark holes when cover is sparse.
Steenbok are mainly browsers and eat leaves, shoots, seeds and wild fruits.
Steenbok are petite antelope, with long legs and an upright stance.
Steenbok are primarily browsers, feeding at or near ground level.
Steenbok are small, gracious animals with relatively long legs and a slender body.
Steenbok are totally independent of drinking water.
Steenbok are water-independent.
Steenbok have good eyesight and excellent hearing, and are adept at spotting danger.
Steenbok have the unusual habit of scratching sand over their scat.
Steenbok isa antelope.
Steenboks are found in the semi-desert, open woodlands and thickets of eastern and southern Africa.
Steenboks are small antelopes.
Steenboks are territorial and, like most small antelopes, are largely monogamous.
Steenboks drink water.
Steenboks eat leaves.
Steenboks feed upon grasses, roots, fruits and tubers.
Steenboks have (part) brains.
Steenboks have (part) breasts.
Steenboks have (part) cannon bones.
Steenboks have (part) cell membranes.
Steenboks have (part) cells.
Steenboks have (part) chest cavities.
Steenboks have (part) chests.
Steenboks have (part) corpi.
Steenboks have (part) cytoplasm.
Steenboks have (part) ears.
Steenboks have (part) faces.
Steenboks have (part) heads.
Steenboks have (part) hip sockets.
Steenboks have (part) hoofs.
Steenboks have (part) nuclei.
Steenboks have (part) piluses.
Steenboks have (part) plasma membranes.
Steenboks have (part) rib cages.
Steenboks have (part) second stomachs.
Steenboks have (part) sections.
Steenboks have (part) skulls.
Steenboks have (part) sterna.
Steenboks have (part) vacuoles.
Steenboks have horns.
Steenboks have large, white lined ears.
Steenboks have many different predators.
Steenboks have predators.
Steenboks have senses.
Steenboks have slender horns.
Steenboks have tails.
Steenboks inhabit territory.
Steenboks live in savanna.
Steenboks live in wood savanna.
Steenboks occupy savanna.
Steenboks show distinct preference.
Steenboks show preference.
Most steenboks drink water.
Most steenboks eat leaves.
Most steenboks have horns.
Most steenboks have many different predators.
Most steenboks have predators.
Most steenboks have senses.
Most steenboks have slender horns.
Most steenboks have tails.
Most steenboks inhabit territory.
Most steenboks live in savanna.
Most steenboks live in wood savanna.
Most steenboks occupy savanna.
Most steenboks show distinct preference.
Some steenboks have expectancy.
Some steenboks have eyesights.
Some steenboks have glands.
Some steenboks have good eyesights.
Some steenboks have life expectancy.
Some steenboks obtain food.
Some steenboks occupy habitats.
Some steenboks prefer habitats.
Some steenboks prefer more open habitats.
Some steenboks use mosaic.
Steep angles can cause bunions, hammertoes, calluses and force feet into teeny shapes.
Steep areas are in pasture or are wooded.
Steep areas are in permanent pasture or forest.
Steep ascents are brief.
Steep banks are difficult to mow and often become deeply rutted and unsightly.
Steep bankings line the river in the area where the plane went down.
Steep bluffs are a nice backdrop for the plants and animals of the spring-fed riverways.
Steep bluffs rise abruptly from the valley sides.
Steep canyons radiate from the high point.
Steep chutes plunge to the valley floor with the high bulk of more mountains beyond.
Steep cliffs are more the norm in most areas.
Steep cliffs border the southern and eastern coastlines of the island.
Steep cliffs dominate the western shores, while the east coast is broken by several large inlets.
Steep cliffs drop to sea level on the coasts where samples are collected.
Steep cliffs drop to sealevel on the coasts. .
Steep cliffs protect most cenotes and there is only one way in jump.
Steep cliffs rise from both sides of the river and thick timber blankets surrounding hillsides.
Steep cliffs surround the cape and there are well marked walking tracks throughout the park.
Steep climbs move to the front.
Steep creek run in a boulder-filled gorge with a number of mandatory portages.
Steep dips are often ground-roll noise.
Steep dunes descend to a drop-off at the shoreline.
Steep geometry makes it ride like a crit bike.
Steep grades affect truck speeds and overall capacity.
Steep grades are likely.
Steep grades require cautious driving.
Steep gradient limits fish movement.
Steep gradients are common.
Steep gradients reduce the speed of vehicles and limit the pace of stock movement.
Steep hills are scary but fun.
Steep hills can be a little rough on the knees.
Steep hills divide island into several valleys, usually open on one side to sea.
Steep hills divide the island into several valleys, usually open on one side to the sea.
Steep hills encircle a natural harbour and yacht marina.
Steep hills form a bulwark against the sea, creating a rugged, dramatic landscape.
Steep hills make great races, but slow climbing.
Steep hills rise from the river on the southern side.
Some steep hills are the remains of volcanoes.
Steep ice is very demanding.
Steep inclines are particularly susceptible to erosion.
Steep inclines make for a strenuous, all-day hike to the top.
Steep legs are very hard.
Steep limestone cliffs there provide a unique background for fall colors.
Steep mint leaves in hot tea and drink to help ease the discomfort of colds, fevers, or flu.
Steep mountain grades present problems for commercial vehicle operators.
Steep mountains rise directly from the saltwater and create a dramatic backdrop.
Steep mountains rise directly out of the lake.
Steep mountains rise from behind the Twin Lakes area.
Steep mountains slow down passing clouds.
Steep mountains tumble down to a wide, curved shore lined with palm trees and golden beaches .
Steep overhangs can cause icy patches to remain long after snows elsewhere have melted.
Steep parts are steep but short.
Steep path descends to rocky cove.
Steep pitches are common.
Steep pitches are really just isometric exercises with the arms opposing the legs.
Steep ramp is only connection from north end of theater to south end.
Steep rapids begin just around the bend.
Steep ravines line the intermittently active stream beds.
Steep riverbanks can also prevent pets from getting back on dry land.
Steep road leads to small cove, hemmed in by cliffs.
Steep sea cliffs with beach access and lighthouse.
Steep sections require deeper and more frequent waterbars.
Steep shots have their advantages.
Steep shoulders are faulty.
Steep slopes add to development costs, including the costs for wells and septic systems.
Steep slopes are also subject to mass movements.
Steep slopes are both the cause and effect of mass wasting.
Steep slopes are difficult to water and mow.
Steep slopes are in woods.
Steep slopes are often at risk during the construction phase.
Steep slopes are often dangerous and difficult to drive or float.
Steep slopes are slopes.
Steep slopes can border some of the rivers, and vegetation is dominated by native prairie grasses.
Steep slopes can slide in unusually wet weather.
Steep slopes cause rock to fall and break up under the influence of gravity.
Steep slopes develop where dissected by stream erosion.
Steep slopes encourage runoff and erosion.
Steep slopes exist within the planning area.
Steep slopes facing the sun are warmer, just like the south-facing side of a house.
Steep slopes have a greater tendency for erosion and mass movement than level areas.
Steep slopes hold churches and monastries, monk chamhers, cellars and multistorey cave houses.
Steep slopes indicate that a small change in dose has a large change in effect.
Steep slopes make driveways difficult and houses lopsided.
Steep slopes occupy major areas, including some areas where historic development has occurred.
Steep slopes occur along the north face of ridges, and high cliffs occur on the south face.
Steep slopes prevail all the way to water's edge, and shores are rocky and craggy.
Steep slopes produce high runoff velocities.
Steep slopes protect fish from pawing predators, while sloping edges promote plant growth.
Steep slopes require fewer pressure regulators.
Steep slopes rise from Lake Wylie to an elevated plateau which forms the interior of the peninsula.
Steep slopes rise from the water's edge to the tips of cloud-scraping mountains.
Any steep slope has avalanche possibilities.
Some steep slopes are available at the three pop-off water control areas along the route.
Some steep slopes occur adjacent to streams.
Steep stairs carry visitors to the cliff-top picnic and viewing area.
Steep stairs lead to a small compound high up in the hills.
Steep staircases lead to airy terraces and darkened wooden rooms with low ceilings.
Steep stairways lead into and out of the lava tube.
Steep stairways pitch down to doors that open on the court.
Steep steps climb to the top of the hill.
Steep terrain abounds, at lesser heights, throughout Southeast.
Steep terrain is especially vulnerable to trail wear.
Steep terrain is lush and provides an incredible view.
Steep topography prevents the establishment of a food transportation system.
Steep trails carry a higher figure .
Many steep trails have stone steps and pass through caverns behind the waterfalls.
Steep walls carved from the granite by floodwaters guide visitors back into the mountain.
Steep walls increase useable interior room, shed precipitation better and help vent out humidity.
Steep walls rising above dry, sandy streambeds provide natural waterways when the rain returns.
Steep walls surround the caldera except in the northeast.
Steep waves are unstable.
Steeper angles develop in finer sediments.
Steeper angles increase risk of perforating underside of vessel.
Steeper areas are in forest or permanent pasture.
Steeper areas are in native grass used for rangeland.
Steeper areas are in pasture or woodland.
Steeper areas are in pasture.
Steeper areas are in woodland or permanent pasture.
Steeper areas are in woodland.
Steeper areas are in woodlots or are used for pasture.
Steeper banking requires more UP elevator and results in a tighter turn.
Steeper declines suggest weakness.
Steeper gradients are better for slow-draining, heavy soils.
Steeper ones are much faster.
Steeper parts are usually to the left and represent a smaller bundle of good X in our analysis.
Steeper sections are slippery even when dry.
Steeper sections remain forested.
Steeper slopes are commonly in pasture or woodland.
Steeper slopes are generally better drained and drier than moderately sloping or flat areas.
Steeper slopes are in native range.
Steeper slopes are in woodland.
Steeper slopes are indicative of younger moraines.
Steeper slopes are more dangerous.
Steeper slopes are mostly in native range.
Steeper slopes are on terrace escarpments and steep sides of gullies in dissected outwash plains.
Steeper slopes are overlain with less ash and contain greater rock fragment contents.
Steeper slopes are slower surface waves.
Steeper slopes are subject to more intense erosion.
Steeper slopes are usually in range or pasture.
Steeper slopes cost more to construct upon.
Steeper slopes have a greater proportion of downhill force.
Steeper slopes provide rainwater runoff more velocity, and thus energy, to erode soils.
Steeper slopes require wider filter strips.
Steeper slopes require wider strips.
Steeper slopes tend to continually slough snow, keeping a deep snowpack from building up.
Any steeper slope requires and engineered plan and specifications.
Steeper spectra give smaller halos, as the dependence of emissivity on field strength is stronger.
Steeple schedules can be feast or famine.
A steeple is a tower
Steeples are located in churchs.
Steeples are towers.
Steeples come in all shapes and sizes.
Steeples dot the horizon and boats decorate the water.
Steeples is a splendid book.
Steeples rise toward the heavens while houses huddle below.
Steeplechase Park is a vacant lot.
A steeplechaser is a horse
A steeplechaser is a racer
Steeplechasers start racing.
Steer wrestling is a timed event that uses a barrier to give the steer a head start.
Steer wrestling is a timed rodeo event.
A steer is guidance
Steer comes from an athletic family.
Steer roping is reminiscent of cowboys working cattle on the wide-open grasslands of the old west.
Steer sees the private sector as important in other ways.
Steers are also larger and more rangy than the cows and bulls.
Steers are cattle.
Steers are male bovines that have been castrated before puberty.
Steers are male cattle that have been neutered and are unable to reproduce.
Steers barge when it has steering equipment.
Steers give up too easily, and little bulls sometimes try to fight back.
Steers have no other purpose except to be raised , sold and slaughtered for beef .
Steers have no other purpose except to be raised, sold and slaughtered for beef.
Steers have to be blue tag pride calves.
Steers make better gains when fed waxy endosperm corn rather than dent corn.
Steers undergo painful procedures like branding, castration, and dehorning without anesthesia.
Steers vessel on pre-determined course.
Most steers end up as meat.
Steerable antenna remains fully available indefinitely.
A steerage is accommodation
Steerage includes wine and bedding.
Steerage is awful.
Steerages are accommodation.
Steerage always has more fun than the poofters on the upper deck.
Steering box is a breast drill.
Steering boxes are tricky things.
Steering stabilizers help dampen the effects of large tires and bad roads.
Steering are control.
Steering are guidings.
Steganographic images have large capacities in which to hide contraband images or illicit data.
Stegosaurs are among the most publicly recognized dinosaurs.
A stein is a mug
Steins expects the programme to be in place when all the partners have signed next year.
Steins is open seven days a week with tours available.
Steins Take a look at a few images that serve as examples of what our online store has to offer.
All steins have a glazed inside, which are food safe.
Steiner points can only occur at wide reflex vertices of P .
Steinitz Constants Let a and b be nonnegative real numbers.
A stele is a stone
A stele is antiquity
Stelae are stone slabs set within ceremonial centers depicting aspects a rulers life.
StelKast personnel are dependable and well trained to provide on-site assistance.
Stellar aberration is a well known phenomenon among astronomers.
Stellar ages provide valuable insight into two key questions in astrophysics.
Stellar astronomy is emphasized.
Stellar atmospheres are the outermost layers of a star from which light is radiated.
Stellar bars are very effective at driving dust and gas radially inward towards the nucleus.
Stellar bodies affect the trajectories of cosmic rays primarily through their magnetic fields .
Stellar clusters are important in many areas of astronomy.
Stellar clusters are ubiquitous.
Stellar construction is superior construction.
Stellar core continues to cool and contract.
Stellar core is faint but arms are bright.
Stellar coronae are hot ionized plasmas in the outer atmospheres of most stars.
Stellar crystals are less prone to slab formation.
Stellar evolution establishes the basic time scale of the universe.
Stellar evolution involves the evolution of a star.
Stellar evolution is assumed in estimating the age of stars.
Stellar evolution is driven by the fight against gravity.
Stellar evolution is the creation and termination of stars.
Stellar evolution is the process by which a star changes over the course of time.
Stellar evolution starts with the gravitational collapse of a giant molecular cloud .
Stellar explosions mean the death of one star, but can also mean the birth of a new one.
Stellar flares are violent releases of energy and gas from the outer atmospheres of stars.
Stellar images appear with textbook-quality diffraction patterns, both inside and outside of focus.
Stellar interiors are mostly ionized gas and hence good electrical conductors.
Stellar jays chatter noisily, while numerous songbirds provide a melody in the crisp autumn air.
Stellar jets are analogous to giant lawn sprinklers.
Stellar leadership requires a great deal more talent than knowing a business in and out.
Stellar magnitude is measure of the brightness of a star or other celestial body.
Stellar magnitude is on a logarithmic scale.
Stellar matter is crushed into a single point behind the event horizon.
Stellar motions indicate there is much more mass than just stars and gas .
Some stellar nebulae are strangely symmetric.
Stellar nurseries are special regions where the vast majority of new stars in the galaxy are born.
Most stellar objects have their spectral class listed.
A stellar parallax is an annual parallax
Stellar parallax allows astronomers to determine the distance to nearby objects.
Stellar parallax exists, but it is too small to be detected, because the stars are too far away.
Stellar pollution is exceedingly rare.
Stellar pulsations allow astronomers to probe the structures of stars in great detail.
Stellar remnants are objects associated with the death of stars.
Stellar size can also affect line widths.
Stellar snowflakes come in many different patterns and are very beautiful.
Stellar spectra are dark line spectra.
Stellar spectra are the result of several different phenomena.
Stellar spectroscopy can reveal details of their chemical evolution.
Stellar temperature is indicated from the color ratios of the spectrum.
Stellar Temperatures Learn how to measure star heat.
Stellar twins can be helpful to each other in determining their life paths.
Stellar variations are often much larger than solar variations.
Stellar vision leads to stellar writing.
Stellar winds blow through galaxies, transferring huge amounts of energy.
Stellar winds play a role in the evolution of nearly all stars at some point in their history.
Stellar work deserves special attention.
Stellaria media is a widespread garden weed.
Stellate cells are the local circuit neurons.
Stellate cells receive afferents and form intracortical networks.
Stellate cells resemble smooth muscle but are of ectodermal origin.
Stem borers damage terminal shoots and cause lateral branching.
A stem canker is a plant disease
Stem cankers appear as a browning of the stem at the terminal, mid-stem, or at ground level.
Stem cankers appear as small lesions on the woody tissue of canes.
Stem cankers are common diseases of aspen that have a great impact on the aspen resource.
Stem cankers are slightly sunken and often have extensive gummosis.
Stem cankers cause tips of branches to wilt and die back.
Stem cankers occur near the soil line.
Stem cell transplant patients follow diets.
A stem cell is a vegetative cell
Stem cells account for only a tiny fraction of cells found in bone marrow or other tissues.
Stem cells are a great new hope for medicine.
Stem cells are a kind of master cell for the body.
Stem cells are a kind of nursery cell that can generate a range of cells in the body.
Stem cells are a part of each person's individual biology.
Stem cells are a potential source of such tissues.
Stem cells are a rich source of information for the drug discovery process.
Stem cells are a special type of cell that have the capacity to develop into any type of cell.
Stem cells are a type of immature cell that exists for a short period of time in fetal tissue.
Stem cells are a vital part of blood cell development and the immune system.
Stem cells are actually bone marrow cells that live in the blood.
Stem cells are also highly responsive to their surroundings.
Stem cells are also present in the blood stream, though in much smaller amounts than in the marrow.
Stem cells are among the first cells to form in animals and humans after the fertilization process.
Stem cells are another veritable fountain of youth.
Stem cells are at the center of a new field of science called regenerative medicine .
Stem cells are available from two locations.
Stem cells are basic biological building blocks.
Stem cells are basically no specific type of cell.
Stem cells are biological building blocks.
Stem cells are blank cells that can develop into virtually any kind of cell in the human body.
Stem cells are capable of growing into any kind of cell in the body.
Stem cells are capable of producing specialized cells throughout the body.
Stem cells are categorized by their potential to differentiate into other types of cells.
Stem cells are cells in an early embryo which are able to develop into any type of cell in the body.
Stem cells are cells that are able to reproduce indefinitely.
Stem cells are cells that are capable of becoming any tissue in the human body.
Stem cells are cells that can become many tissues and organs.
Stem cells are cells that can develop into any sort of tissue.
Stem cells are cells that can divide to form one of many different types of cells.
Stem cells are cells that can proliferate and differentiate into many potential cell types.
Stem cells are cells that have the ability to develop into any cell in the body.
Stem cells are cells that have the ability to divide without limit and to form specialized cells.
Stem cells are cells that, in cell cultures at least, have the ability to divide forever.
Stem cells are cells.
Stem cells are developmentally immature.
Stem cells are distinctive in that they have the capacity to generate a variety of cell types.
Stem cells are earlier cells which have the unique capacity to self-perpetuate.
Stem cells are embryonic cells that have the potential to develop into any of the body's cells.
Stem cells are embryonic cells, among the first to appear as a fertilised egg develops.
Stem cells are 'embryonic' cells.
Stem cells are essentially a clean slate for producing other cells that serve a specific purpose.
Stem cells are essentially unformed spare parts the body keeps around various organs.
Stem cells are extracted from embryos while the embryos are still alive.
Stem cells are ideal for gene therapy because they appear to be immortal.
Stem cells are immature blood cells that become red cells, white cells and platelets.
Stem cells are immature blood cells which develop into red cells, white cells and platelets.
Stem cells are immature bone marrow-like cells that circulate in the peripheral blood.
Stem cells are immature cells capable of maturing into many different fates.
Stem cells are immature cells from which all blood cells develop as they are needed.
Stem cells are immature cells that can be cohorsed into maturing into specified tissue types.
Stem cells are immature cells that can develop into any cell type in the body.
Stem cells are immature cells that can develop into specialized cells.
Stem cells are immature cells that develop into blood cells.
Stem cells are immature cells that develop into more advanced cells.
Stem cells are immature cells that give rise to adult cells.
Stem cells are immature cells that grow into white blood cells.
Stem cells are immature cells that have yet to take on permanent characteristics of their own.
Stem cells are immature progenitor cells that can grow into mature tissue.
Stem cells are immortal and can be grown indefinitely in the laboratory.
Stem cells are immortal as long as they express.
Stem cells are important in the formative stages of brain development.
Stem cells are incapable of inducing a pregnancy and resulting in the birth of a newborn.
Stem cells are like clay which can be molded to fit numerous purposes.
Stem cells are master cells that can develop into virtually any part of the body.
Stem cells are master cells that can grow into virtually any type of cell in the body.
Stem cells are microscopic, undifferentiated masses consisting of a few hundred cells.
Stem cells are multi-purpose embryonic cells from which each organ is originally formed.
Stem cells are neophyte blood cells that can help strengthen the body's ability to fight infection.
Stem cells are normal cells.
Stem cells are parent cells to all the human body s systems.
Stem cells are particularly vulnerable to toxic drugs because they reproduce so rapidly.
Stem cells are powerful cells that give rise to other, more specialised types of cells in the body.
Stem cells are precursors to other types of cells.
Stem cells are premature cells that develop into various organs.
Stem cells are present at the beginning of life.
Stem cells are primitive blood cells that can develop into the entire repertoire of blood cells.
Stem cells are primitive cells from which a wide variety of tissue in the human body develops.
Stem cells are rare cells found in bone marrow.
Stem cells are rare.
Stem cells are raw material needed to make new blood cells.
Stem cells are readily available from other sources.
Stem cells are remnants of the basic cellular templates from which all others cells then develop.
Stem cells are resident in the bone marrow, since that is where new blood cells are normally made.
Stem cells are responsible for hair production.
Stem cells are seed cells capable of regrowing bone marrow.
Stem cells are self-renewing cells that create all of the other various types of blood cells.
Stem cells are self-replicating in that only one of the daughter cells differentiates.
Stem cells are situated near the outer edge of the tubules.
Stem cells are so fascinating.
Stem cells are somatic cells.
Stem cells are the basic blood cells from which other cells develop.
Stem cells are the basic building blocks for blood.
Stem cells are the basic cell in the marrow which produces the various blood cells.
Stem cells are the basic fetal cells from which all of the body's tissues and organs develop.
Stem cells are the basic or primordial cells from which all of a human's tissues and organs develop.
Stem cells are the basic units that eventually develop into the body's tissue and organs.
Stem cells are the basis for all other cells in the human body.
Stem cells are the basis for every type of cell in the body.
Stem cells are the body s starting point.
Stem cells are the body's building blocks for all types of tissue.
Stem cells are the body's building blocks.
Stem cells are the body's master cells.
Stem cells are the building blocks of blood and the immune system.
Stem cells are the building blocks of our blood and immune systems.
Stem cells are the essential element in successful bone marrow transplants.
Stem cells are the foundation of the immune system.
Stem cells are the fundamental building blocks for all tissues in the body.
Stem cells are the immature cells that give rise to a variety of specialized cells.
Stem cells are the master cells found in embryos that give rise to all other cells in the body.
Stem cells are the master cells of the body, capable of turning into nearly any kind of body tissue.
Stem cells are the mortar and brick for growing all of the body's tissues.
Stem cells are the most basic blood-forming cells in the bone marrow.
Stem cells are the most primitive cells which are used to create a new and healthy bone marrow.
Stem cells are the most promising long-term treatment or cure.
Stem cells are the only cells of the body which divide into two unique entities.
Stem cells are the parent cells of all cells in the body.
Stem cells are the parent cells of all tissues in the body.
Stem cells are the undifferentiated cells that can grow into different kinds of cells.
Stem cells are the unprogrammed master cells that mature to become different cell types in the body.
Stem cells are undifferentiated cells that can develop into almost any type of cell in the body.
Stem cells are undifferentiated cells which develop into different type of body tissue.
Stem cells are undifferentiated long-lived cells that are capable of many rounds of division.
Stem cells are unique cells within our body.
Stem cells are versatile master cells from which a variety of tissues and organs develop.
Stem cells are very distinct from other cells.
Stem cells are very early cells which have the capacity to develop into any cell in the body.
Stem cells are very new, controvertial but promising.
Stem cells are very young blood cells that are formed in the bone marrow.
Stem cells are very young blood cells that can repopulate depleted bone marrow.
Stem cells are vital to the development of an organism.
Stem cells are what are known as pluripotent cells.
Stem cells are white and medium-sized compared with other blood cells.
Stem cells become precursor cells, which can change into a limited number of cell types.
Stem cells build, maintain, and repair the body throughout our lives.
Stem cells can act as blueprints for all the cells of the body.
Stem cells can aid in tissue regeneration.
Stem cells can come from aborted fetuses or discarded embryos from fertility clinics.
Stem cells can come from aborted fetuses or from embryos left over from fertility clinics.
Stem cells can develop into any organ of tissue in the body.
Stem cells can develop into bone marrow cells.
Stem cells can develop into every type of cell in the nervous system.
Stem cells can develop into many different types of other cells, such as bone, muscle and skin.
Stem cells can develop into muscle, nerve, heart, blood and other cells.
Stem cells can evolve into a variety of human cells.
Stem cells can grow up to be whatever they want to be.
Stem cells can transform themselves into literally any cell in the body.
Stem cells change into actual, specific types of white blood cells.
Stem cells come from a variety of sources.
Stem cells come from human embryos a few days after conception.
Stem cells come in several forms.
Stem cells come of age.
Stem cells develop into many varieties of human tissue.
Stem cells differ from other kinds of cells in the body.
Stem cells divide to form more stem cells or they can divide and become fully mature blood cells.
Stem cells exist in different forms in both the embryo and the adult.
Stem cells exist only briefly after an egg is fertilized.
Stem cells fight infection, carry oxygen and promote healing.
Stem cells form early in an embryo s development.
Stem cells form very early in the gestation of a human being.
Stem cells form when an embryo is four days old, and go on to make up every part of the body.
Stem cells form within four days of conception.
Stem cells give rise to a host of blood cells.
Stem cells give rise to all of the different types of cells in the body.
Stem cells give rise to all other blood cells.
Stem cells give rise to various tissues and organs in the body.
Stem cells have ability to grow into almost any type of cell within our body.
Stem cells have an incredible capacity to migrate.
Stem cells have the ability to evolve into an array of cell types as they mature.
Stem cells have the ability to generate a variety of cell types.
Stem cells have the ability to produce a wide range of cells which means that they are pluripotent.
Stem cells have the capability of developing into all other cells in the body.
Stem cells have the potential to change medicine radically.
Stem cells have the remarkable ability to develop into many different cell types in the body.
Stem cells have the unique property of being able to give rise to virtually any type of body tissue.
Stem cells hear call of injured tissue.
Stem cells help repair or replace tissue damaged by illness.
Stem cells help to replace dead and or damaged cells in the human body.
Stem cells invade the cortical regions of the thymus, where they divide to form lymphocytes.
Stem cells is available from here .
Stem cells live predominantly in the bone marrow but can circulate in the blood.
Stem cells make brain cells.
Stem cells occur in early stages of embryonic development.
Stem cells offer an entirely new therapeutic approach.
Stem cells offer one possible source.
Stem cells offer possible exciting treatment for a variety of hitherto incurable diseases.
Stem cells offer the potential to mend and even regenerate tissues and organs.
Stem cells produce blood cells that fight infection, carry oxygen and promote healing.
Stem cells produce red and white blood cells and platelets.
Stem cells produce the bone marrow.
Stem cells resemble medium sized white blood cells.
Stem cells show great promise for a number of diseases.
Stem cells supply evidence that specific adaptation is a property or governing law of life.
Stem cells tend to migrate throughout the brain, settling in damaged areas and initiating repair.
All stem cells have the capability of self-renewal, i.e., they can continually reproduce themselves.
Most stem cells mature in the bone marrow.
Some stem cells are more committed than others.
Some stem cells are pluripotent, capable of producing several kinds of tissue.
Stem decay occurs at stages.
Stem deformities result in defects.
Stem deformities result in such defects.
A stem ginger is a ginger
Stem ginger is used more like a vegetable.
Stem length ranges from cms.
Stem length varies from cms.
Stem lettuce forms an elongated seedstalk that is used mainly in stewed, creamed and Chinese dishes.
Stem lettuce has long, narrow leaves and thick, edible stems.
Stem lettuce is lettuce
Stem nematode spreads in hay, faba bean seed, farm machinery, wind and in run-off water.
Stem nodes touching the ground take root to form new plants.
Stem rust can be especially devastating to wheat yields.
Stem rust can survive as teliospores during winter when aeciospores are a major source of inoculum.
Stem rust causes cereal yield losses in several ways.
Stem rust is favored by warmer temperatures than either stripe or leaf rusts.
Stem rust remains an important threat to wheat and barley and, thus, to the world food supply.
STEM students plan to continue auditing district, and eventually community buildings.
Stem succulents have thick water storing stems.
A stem is a form
Stem isa plant part.
Stem leaves alternate, simple, lobed or divided.
Stem leaves lance-linear, clasping.
Stem leaves longly to very longly acuminate, with slightly denticulate to denticulate margins above.
Stem leaves mucronate to short-awned.
Stem pulls out easily.
Stem runs along the ground surface and sends down roots at intervals.
Stem tends to be corky between the ribs.
Stem tranforms common network programming to configuration.
Stems act as channels through which water and solules reach the leaves.
Stems add to the natural beauty of the gourd and are generally left intact and their natural color.
Stems affected with fireblight take on a shepherd s crook appearance.
Stems also are prickly.
Stems also carry water, minerals, and sap around the plant.
Stems also have hairs that are erect.
Stems also have relatively long, bristly hairs.
Stems also produce new living tissue allowing plants to grow and reproduce.
Stems also provide support and protection for the plant.
Stems appear as leafless, thread-like branching vines.
Stems appear bleached and sometimes shredded from advanced decay.
Stems appear in clusters and contain a milky sap.
Stems appear to have wings.
Stems appear winged due to leaf bases that extend beyond the nodes.
Stems are a dark purple and exude a reddish sap when the plants are young.
Stems are a fantastic dark purple and are covered with a bluish white powdering when young.
Stems are a soft gray and bark is scaly.
Stems are absent.
Stems are all about transporting food and water and acting as support structures.
Stems are also hairy, grow low and spreading.
Stems are also hairy.
Stems are also parts of plants.
Stems are also prickly.
Stems are an indispensable part of the plants.
Stems are an orange-brown while the light olive green foliage has red veins.
Stems are angular and have an upright-erect growth habit.
Stems are aromatic.
Stems are avocado, mustard and brown.
Stems are branched, rough, and have purple speckling.
Stems are bristly and exude a resinous juice.
Stems are bristly-hairy or glaborous and have ovate to elliptical leaves.
Stems are brown and thin near the soil line.
Stems are burnt and the ash used as a snuff.
Stems are characteristically rough with a purple hue and sport few but large leaves.
Stems are characteristically straight.
Stems are coarse and well branched except in thick stands.
Stems are columnar, prostrate and tuberculate.
Stems are commonly winged with spiny leaf tissue.
Stems are composed of repeating segments, including nodes and internodes.b.
Stems are covered with a protective layer of persistent leaf bases.
Stems are cylindrical and filled with pithy pith.
Stems are cylindrical and hollow.
Stems are difficult to cut through, but injury can occur.
Stems are dry.
Stems are easy to root in moist soil or sand.
Stems are edible before flowering.
Stems are either acrylic or hand cut German vulcanite depending on the nature of the specific pipe.
Stems are either erect or sprawling.
Stems are either herbaceous or woody.
Stems are elongated and plants set many small tubers.
Stems are embroidered in duplicate stitch after pieces are knit.
Stems are erect and nearly round or slightly flattened.
Stems are erect and often have red or green vertical stripes.
Stems are erect and rough, with slender branches.
Stems are erect and slender.
Stems are erect or creeping, olive-green, gray or white, moderately or densely hairy.
Stems are erect to spreading and much branched.
Stems are erect, branched, hollow, hairy, and ridged.
Stems are erect, rather small and fairly stiff.
Stems are erect, smooth, ridged, and branched at the top.
Stems are excellent for basketmaking.
Stems are few and large with inconspicuous wings and slightly swollen nodes.
Stems are fleshy, with sometimes persistent scales.
Stems are found only in vascular plants.
Stems are four-angled and unbranched or shortly branched.
Stems are four-angled and unbranched to slightly branched.
Stems are four-sided.
Stems are frameworks for upright growth and to display flowers.
Stems are fresh-cut and arranged by floral artists.
Stems are generally erect but can be prostrate to ascending.
Stems are generally glabrous, leaves simple usually opposite and sometimes stipuled.
Stems are generally hairless and leaves are often deeply divided into three lobes.
Stems are generally positively phototropic, i. e., they grow toward the light.
Stems are generally short and narrow from the shoulders.
Stems are generally the bulkiest and most obvious part of the plant.
Stems are generally upright and above ground, easy to locate and identify.
Stems are girdled and plants die.
Stems are girdled by en- larging, tan to brown cankers.
Stems are girdled, with the parts beyond later dying.
Stems are glabrous and purplish at the base.
Stems are glabrous, simple or little branched.
Stems are gold and flowers are carnelian and include diamonds in the center and jade leaves.
Stems are great in winter.
Stems are great since they make the most natural looking stems and branches.
Stems are green and hairless.
Stems are green and upright with a slight pubescence on the stems and leaves.
Stems are green in the warm months.
Stems are green or red and hollow.
Stems are green with areas of purple pigmentation especially pronounced at the nodes.
Stems are green with purple pigmentation at the base with moderate-sized, waved wings.
Stems are green with slight purple pigmentation mostly at the nodes.
Stems are green without other pigmentation.
Stems are green, medium thick with conspicuous wings.
Stems are green, medium thick with slight wings.
Stems are green, often purplish near the base, and smooth throughout.
Stems are green, smooth, woody, branching, and very jointed.
Stems are green, thick, non-pigmented with inconspicuous wings.
Stems are green, winged, thick and slightly red pigmented.
Stems are green.
Stems are hairless and hollow.
Stems are hairy and branched.
Stems are hairy and branching.
Stems are hairy with forked tendrils.
Stems are hairy, hard and square shaped.
Stems are hard and woody.
Stems are herbaceous or woody, solid or hol- low, jointed or unjointed, branched or simple.
Stems are hollow and can be supported with a wooden stick placed inside.
Stems are hollow and sparingly to highly branched above.
Stems are hollow and the plant is very prone to lodging.
Stems are hollow and trail over muddy banks or float on the water surface.
Stems are hollow or pithy in cross-section.
Stems are hollow or pithy.
Stems are hollow, often housing small stinging ants.
Stems are hollow.
Stems are juicy and very sweet.
Stems are killed either by mining or by break- age of the weakened part.
Stems are large, thick and prominently angled.
Stems are large, unpigmented with conspicuous wings and slightly swollen nodes.
Stems are leafless most of the year, covering themselves with bright green leaves after a rain.
Stems are leafy for their entire length, branched, bent at the joints, and knotty at the base.
Stems are light green in color and with hairs in vertical rows.
Stems are lighter in color and very easily broken.
Stems are like celery, leaves are like parsley.
Stems are like strings of broken lyres.
Stems are long and strong.
Stems are long and thick.
Stems are long and trailing and tend to root at the nodes, spreads widely and rapidly.
Stems are long, and the foliage is a glossy, dark green.
Stems are long, flattened and twisted with small grey green rounded leaves.
Stems are long, prostate, filiform, often reddish and with long internodes, rooting at nodes.
Stems are long, slender, and curving.
Stems are many branched and generally curve upwards.
Stems are many clustered, slender, and sometimes branching.
Stems are medium in size, with red pigment at the nodes.
Stems are medium in size.
Stems are medium size and slightly angled.
Stems are medium thick and round with green and slightly swollen nodes.
Stems are medium thick with a reddish tinge at the nodes.
Stems are medium thick, green with light brownish-purple pigment and have swollen nodes.
Stems are moderately thick and uniformly green.
Stems are moderately thick, medium green and smooth.
Stems are more digestible than other legumes.
Stems are more or less solid.
Stems are most commonly responsible for asexual reproduction.
Stems are mostly solitary or in pairs, and are up to two feet tall.
Stems are much branched above and are coarse green with purple mottling.
Stems are naked above the basal tufts of leaves.
Stems are nearly free of thorns.
Stems are nearly thornless, and the foliage is disease resistant.
Stems are normally long with very few thorns.
Stems are numerous, branched, and have broad spiny wings.
Stems are of greatest value to man in sup- plying wood for building and manufacturing.
Stems are of medium height and can produce two side branches with up to four flowers.
Stems are of two types, flowering and vegetative.
Stems are often leafless.
Stems are often red at the base.
Stems are often red.
Stems are often reddish in color.
Stems are often single but under the best conditions there can be, as shown here, a number of stems.
Stems are one of the most dangerous breaks to have on a ride.
Stems are part of apples.
Stems are part of flowers.
Stems are part of pipes.
Stems are part of plants.
Stems are pigmented, leaves are dark green and slightly pubescent, petioles are slightly purple.
Stems are pink to rusty red near the base.
Stems are pithy and leaves are long-pointed with finely serrated margins.
Stems are positively phototropic.
Stems are procumbent and root freely at nodes below.
Stems are prostrate and reddish.
Stems are prostrate to erect depending on environmental conditions.
Stems are puberulent, pentagonal, with many lateral branches.
Stems are purplish but are more green in the upper portion of the plant.
Stems are purplish or red.
Stems are quick closing and equipped with levers and equalizing plate for chain operation.
Stems are rather weak, usually semiprostrate unless supported.
Stems are reddish and hairless.
Stems are reddish purple at the base and internodes, green at the nodes, and have prominent wings.
Stems are reddish-brown and contain a milky sap.
Stems are reddish-brown and round.
Stems are removed from the fruits before packing to avoid stem-damage.
Stems are short and only half as wide as the shoulders.
Stems are short and thin.
Stems are single, branched near the top, ridged, and hollow.
Stems are slender and dry.
Stems are slender and twiggy, making the texture fine in all seasons.
Stems are slender, solitary or in small clumps with firm internodes.
Stems are slender, up to a foot tall, with short narrow leaves.
Stems are slightly hairy when young and progressively more hairy as the plant matures.
Stems are slightly hairy when young, but increase in hairiness with maturity.
Stems are smooth and covered with purple blotches.
Stems are smooth below joints, very tough, leafy, branch freely, and often root at the lower nodes.
Stems are smooth with lance shaped leaves in sheaths having a few soft hairs.
Stems are smooth with swollen nodes.
Stems are smooth, light gray.
Stems are smooth.
Stems are softened.
Stems are somewhat buttressed or shallowly fluted.
Stems are somewhat square, trailing and green turning purple.
Stems are spindly and weak.
Stems are square in cross-section and without hairs.
Stems are square, creeping, and long.
Stems are square, fuzzy, and fairly stout for a stapeliad.
Stems are stout but brittle and green or reddish purple, hairless to sparsely hairy.
Stems are stout, hollow, ridged, and mottled with purple spots.
Stems are stout, ridged, branched, and covered with fine down.
Stems are straight and sometimes ground.
Stems are straight or branched.
Stems are straight, with apical dominance.
Stems are sturdier and less brittle than regular garden mums.
Stems are sturdy and easily hold the floriferous trumpets that follow.
Stems are sturdy and prolific.
Stems are succulent and mostly spiny, cylindric, globe-shaped, flattened or grooved.
Stems are succulent, hairless or with long soft hairs.
Stems are succulent, purplish, and bear alternate, lance-shaped leaves with smooth, curled margins.
Stems are tall and can produce two side branches with up to five flowers.
Stems are the lines which extend from the notehead .
Stems are the lines which extend from the notehead.
Stems are the structures which support the leaves so that they are exposed to the sun.
Stems are thick to medium and are prominently angled.
Stems are thick, green which can be light brownish to light purple in full sun.
Stems are thick, prominently angled and finely mottled.
Stems are thick, sprawling, and red.
Stems are thin and green without spiny wings and are highly branched above.
Stems are thin and shortened.
Stems are thin and wiry.
Stems are thin, branched, and usually smooth.
Stems are thin, erect, and hard.
Stems are thin.
Stems are tough and woody and have gray bark.
Stems are triangular in cross section.
Stems are triangular in shape.
Stems are tubes.
Stems are unbranched except at the very top and are perennial from short horizontal rhizomes.
Stems are unbranched except in the flowers.
Stems are unbranched, and their many small, alternate leaves partially clasp the stem.
Stems are unpigmented with inconspicuous wings and slightly swollen nodes.
Stems are upright and vigorous.
Stems are upright or trailing, and usually prickly and biennial.
Stems are used for pushing boats in shallow water.
Stems are used to transport water and nutrients to the upper parts of the plant.
Stems are usually leafless, although occasionally a small leaf appears near the midpoint.
Stems are usually pink to red in color and densely hairy.
Stems are usually prostrate and creeping.
Stems are usually pubescent.
Stems are usually single from a thick taproot.
Stems are usually slender and rather stiff and reddish in color.
Stems are usually solitary and produce terminal spikelets.
Stems are usually tall, thick, and solid or pithy.
Stems are usually unbranched.
Stems are usually weak and require support.
Stems are velvety and woody at the base.
Stems are very easy to root in moist soil.
Stems are very hairy, with a great amount of branching toward the top of the plant.
Stems are very short and wholly underground, producing a rosette of leaves at the ground surface.
Stems are very thick and hold up well in cold storage.
Stems are weak and roots are underdeveloped.
Stems are white to pale green and can have woolly hairs.
Stems are winged, woody at base and succulent above.
Stems are wiry, prostrate and freely branching.
Stems are withered by dark cankers.
Stems are woody and variously branched.
Stems are woolly at the base.
Stems are yellow, long and quite pendulous.
Stems are yellow.
Stems are yellow-green.
Stems are yellowish-orange wrapping and looping between hosts plants.
Stems arise from a taproot and branch from the base.
Stems arise perennially from a short tough basal caudex.
Stems attain height.
Stems bear both leaves and flowers.
Stems bear flowers.
Stems bear fragrant flowers.
Stems bear single flowers.
Stems become girdled, and the plants wilt and die.
Stems become greyish and are soft and easily collapsed with the fingers.
Stems become hollow and hairy as the plant matures.
Stems become reddish in color when semi-dormant.
Stems become soft, watery, and gray at the tips.
Stems become waxy and somewhat angled with age.
Stems become woody and untidy with age.
Stems become woody if left too long before harvest or if grown under poor conditions.
Stems begin to swell four to six months after infection, resulting in spindle-shaped galls.
Stems bend toward light, changing direction with the source of light.
Stems bend toward the light and blooms in bright light while closing back up when dark.
Stems bend towards sunlight.
Stems break over at the point of infection.
Stems broken off at crown level have a bluish-black discoloration at the base.
Stems browsed by deer usually have a rough jagged edge.
Stems can also have appendages other than leaves.
Stems can be five feet long.
Stems can be herbaceous like the bendable stem of a daisy or woody like the trunk of an oak tree.
Stems can be woody.
Stems can eventually branch with age, or from damage to the growth center.
Stems can persist into the next season with spiny phyllaries and receptacles attached.
Stems can reach several feet long.
Stems can survive composting and exposure to sun.
Stems carry minerals up from the roots in the soil to the leaves on top.
Stems carry water and nutrients.
Stems carry water.
Stems cause friction for the flow of the water, thus reducing water velocity.
Stems collapse or wilt and die.
Stems come in many varieties which also include the trunks of trees.
Stems comprise several parts.
Stems consist of nodes and internodes.
Stems contain a transparent sticky sap.
Stems contain cyanide and can be toxic.
Stems continue along the conveyor and under a cold water drench for precooling.
Stems decay at or below soil surface.
Stems develop from adventitious buds on primary and lateral roots.
Stems develop stilt- like roots forming impenetrable thickets.
Stems develop stiltroots with numerous elbow buttresses.
Stems die back in autumn, and removal of old stems encourages heavier flowering the following year.
Stems diffuse, widely branched.
Stems display the leaves to sunlight and air.
Stems do have barbs and are left as long as the packaging allows.
Stems do many things.
Stems dry up and turn dark brown and leathery.
Stems emerge either alone or in clusters from a single root crown.
Stems emit a milky white latex when cut.
Stems end with a bushy seed head.
Stems erect or creep- ing.
Stems erect or decumbent and diffuse.
Stems erect or diffuse, smooth.
Stems erect or diffuse.
Stems erect or repent.
Stems erect or spreading.
Stems erect to decumbent and rooting, forming small thickets.
Stems erect triangular.
Stems erect, branching, central strand absent or poorly developed.
Stems erect, glabrous.
Stems erect, much branched, especially in inflorescence.
Stems erect, robust, highly branched, especially near the top.
Stems erect, semierect, ascending or prostrate, branched or simple.
Stems erect, succulent, winged, branching.
Stems eventually turn straw colored and die.
Stems expand from the shoulder to the base and account for approximately of the point's length.
Stems exude milky sap when cut.
Stems form flowers.
Stems form new plants where they touch the ground and pieces readily take root.
Stems form the handles at each end.
Stems generally are pithy internallv and leaves are relatively broad.
Stems go down on the left and up on the right.
Stems grow above ground and root at nodes.
Stems grow away from the auxin build up, while the roots grow toward it.
Stems grow either above- or belowground.
Stems grow from seeds.
Stems grow horizontally above ground and root at the nodes.
Stems grow in clumps and reach heights of about two feet.
Stems grow in clumps from stout rhizomes.
Stems grow the longest in total darkness cause there is no blue light to inhibit their growth.
Stems grow to full height.
Stems grow to height.
Stems grow towards the sunlight and support the plants leaves, so that they can make food.
Stems grow vigorously in summer bearing fern-like leaves.
Stems have (part) corpi.
Stems have (part) leaf nodes.
Stems have (part) sections.
Stems have a hollow pith.
Stems have a mild chard flavor.
Stems have a mushy black rot.
Stems have a some what zig-zag appearance.
Stems have broad, spiny wings.
Stems have brown spots on which white masses of spores form later.
Stems have cells called meristems that annually generate new living tissue.
Stems have functions.
Stems have holes.
Stems have irregular dead streaks.
Stems have large tap roots.
Stems have leathery leaves.
Stems have leaves.
Stems have lesions where they rest on the rim of the pot .
Stems have many branches.
Stems have medium, prominent wings and slightly swollen nodes.
Stems have minute openings on their surfaces.
Stems have outer surfaces.
Stems have oval leaves.
Stems have roots.
Stems have shape leaves.
Stems have silica, a good abrasive.
Stems have smooth outer surfaces.
Stems have smooth surfaces.
Stems have spiny wings their full lengths except for a few inches below flowerheads.
Stems have surfaces.
Stems have swellings at certain points called nodes .
Stems have tap roots.
Stems have tissue called the meristem which contains dividing cells .
Stems have tissue called the meristem which contains dividing cells.
Stems have water-soaked spots, turn black and rot, causing the plants to collapse.
Stems hold up the leaves and flowers.
Stems hold up the rest of the plant.
Stems insert into each other to adjust feeder height.
Stems later appear brown.
Stems look like mottled, thin snakes.
Stems make an outstanding suspension system for cross and road bikes.
Stems make flowers.
Stems normally are unbranched, with a single seed head on each plant.
Stems occasionally develop distinctly black areas or lesions and plants can be stunted.
Stems produce bright flowers.
Stems produce flowers.
Stems produce fragrant flowers.
Stems produce roots.
Stems produce tubular flowers.
Stems produce yellow flowers.
Stems provide a few major staple crops such as potato and taro .
Stems provide a few major staple crops such as potato and taro.
Stems provide structure and support for leaves, flowers and fruits.
Stems provide support for leaves and reproductive structures.
Stems provide support for the above ground parts of the plant.
Stems reach length.
Stems remain green throughout the year.
Stems remain green.
Stems remain thin and in severe deficiency exhibit dark necrotic spots.
Stems require longer cooking times.
Stems rise from dead foliage of the preceding year.
Stems rot at soil level.
Stems rot off at the soil line.
Stems rot, often break off near the ground line without yellowing.
Stems serve to lift a plant s leaves up towards the sunlight.
Stems show brown streaks when cut.
Stems show brownish-green streaks under the bark.
Stems show dark brown or black discolorations.
Stems show symptoms of reddish-brown, sunken lesions on the root and lower stem.
Stems slightly branched above, reddish orange flowers form clusters at tips of branches.
Stems soon die and large brown patches of dead plants show up in the field.
Stems Stems Denotes the tannin-rich stalks of the grape bunch which carry the berries.
Stems support the plant upright.
Stems swell up .
Stems swell, crack open and sometimes break off.
Stems take roots.
Stems tend to be green or reddish in color with green leaves.
Stems tend to be red.
Stems tend to fall over at the stem lesions.
Stems tend to wilt.
Stems tighten either by a cone or a wedge.
Stems topple over when the basal segment becomes infected.
Stems turn black and patches of the groundcover die.
Stems turn brown, at first only on the inside.
Stems turn red in strong light.
Stems typically die after flowering and can remain standing for several months.
Stems un- sightly in winter.
Stems vary in colour from green to red and brown at maturity.
Stems vary in height but are generally stiff.
Stems weakened by flicker holes are also more easily broken by storm winds.
Stems woody multi-branched.
Stems frequently occur in clusters from a vertical root that can extend many feet underground.
Stems often bend out and up from the base of the plant.
Stems often show a purplish streaking but no symptoms are produced on the fruit.
Stems often show a purplish streaking, but no symptoms are produced on the fruit.
Stems often shrivel and dry out.
Stems sometimes show flaring ears.
Stems usually erect to arching in open areas and arching to trailing or decumbent in shaded areas.
Stems usually have higher nitrate content than leaves.
Stems usually have short hairs, especially near the upper portions of the plant.
All stems are light beige.
Many stems are adjustable so that the handlebars can be raised and lowered.
Many stems ascend from the base, forming a low, dense, rounded crown.
Many stems grow upwards.
Many stems join at one common point.
More stem leads to lower digestibility and consequently lower performance.
Most stems are multipurpose and can be used for a variety of social gatherings.
Most stems bear fragrant flowers.
Most stems bear single flowers.
Most stems carry water.
Most stems grow above the ground but some, called rhizomes, grow underground.
Most stems grow from seeds.
Most stems grow to full height.
Most stems grow to height.
Most stems grow upright and support the leaves and reproductive organs of plants.
Most stems have functions.
Most stems have holes.
Most stems have large tap roots.
Most stems have leathery leaves.
Most stems have leaves.
Most stems have outer surfaces.
Most stems have oval leaves.
Most stems have roots.
Most stems have shape leaves.
Most stems have smooth surfaces.
Most stems have surfaces.
Most stems have tap roots.
Most stems make flowers.
Most stems produce bright flowers.
Most stems produce flowers.
Most stems produce fragrant flowers.
Most stems produce roots.
Most stems produce tubular flowers.
Most stems produce yellow flowers.
Most stems reach length.
Most stems take roots.
Some stems are so narrow as to be threadlike, as in many tropical epiphytic ferns.
Some stems are submerged in water.
Some stems arise from taproots.
Some stems contain buds.
Some stems contain proteins.
Some stems contain wood.
Some stems develop into leaves.
Some stems emerge from middles.
Some stems grow along the ground or underground.
Some stems grow from buds.
Some stems grow from terminal buds.
Some stems grow tips.
Some stems have buds.
Some stems have distinctive rings.
Some stems have many branches.
Some stems have multiple nodes.
Some stems have nodes.
Some stems have potential.
Some stems have purple tints.
Some stems have rings.
Some stems have shapes.
Some stems have square shapes.
Some stems have strength.
Some stems have terminal buds.
Some stems have thorns that provide protection.
Some stems have tints.
Some stems make plants.
Some stems produce compounds.
Some stems produce fruit.
Some stems produce inflorescences.
Some stems produce plants.
Some stems produce tendrils.
Some stems remain a dull green throughout the year.
Some stems use O-rings, rather than packing.
Stemstitch center veins of leaves.
Stench changes into fragrance.
Stench is smell
Stencil algorithms are an example of such algorithms.
Stencil buffers allow for the card to simplify the drawing of complex shapes, like shadows.
Stencil duplicators offer the lowest possible cost per page for monochrome documents.
All stencil pricing is plus shipping.
A stencil is an artifact
Stencil is used for screen printing just like mimeograph.
Stencil provides market development services to companies that focus on the business Internet.
Stencils also come with decorative edges, allowing one to create borders with ease.
Stencils also default to specific layers.
Stencils are a great way to make single or repeat patterns with finish.
Stencils are also harder to reclaim if they are underexposed.
Stencils are available in many themes to suit every room in the home.
Stencils are easy to reclaim.
Stencils are embarrassing.
Stencils are great for intricate patterns as well.
Stencils are heat sensitive.
Stencils are industrial equipment.
Stencils are practically idiot-proof.
Stencils are predefined collections of shape masters.
Stencils are sensitive to actinic light, a blend of UV and blue-violet waves of the spectrum.
Stencils are sheets.
Stencils are tools.
Stencils brighten walls and enliven rooms.
Stencils can get quite expensive to buy so re-using stencils is a good idea.
Stencils decorate the front.
Stencils designed for painting can be difficult to place on curved surfaces.
Stencils ensure fool-proof results even for beginners.
Stencils range from alphabets for writing on the wall to traditional borders.
Stencils work best with simple large holes, such as the pips on court cards shown in paintings.
Stencils work well on dry surfaces such as marzipan and can be brushed with choc for quick effect.
All stencils are legal size.
Most stencils result in a definite design with very sharp edges.
Stenciled Chargers Make decorative charger plates for entertaining.
Stenciling storm drains is easy, visible and fun.
A stenographer is a secretary
Stenographers are responsible for correct format, punctuation, capitalization, and spelling.
Stenographers are secretaries.
Stenographers dream of beagles.
Stenographers take dictation and transcribe the notes.
Stenographers sometimes work under the pressure of deadlines and frequent interruptions.
Stenographers usually work in clean, well-lighted offices.
Some Stenographers are self-employed, working out of their homes on a contract basis.
Some stenographers complete the necessary education to become court reporters.
Some Stenographers specialize in particular fields such as medicine, engineering, or law.
Stenohaline species can be either marine or freshwater in origin.
Stenosis can also develop from injuries, infections, or tumors.
Stenosis can also occur as a result of rheumatic fever .
Stenosis can also occur as a result of rheumatic fever.
Stenosis can occur in all areas of the spine, but it is most common in the lumbar spine.
Stenosis generally is due to excessive scar reaction following surgery.
Stenosis is a constriction or narrowing of the valve opening.
Stenosis is a progressive disease.
Stenosis is addressed in other data elements.
Stenosis is an extremely painful condition.
Stenosis is illnesses.
Stenosis is one reason why valves are repaired or replaced.
Stenosis is pathology
Stenosis is pathology.
Stenosis is the anatomic narrowing of the lumen of the ureter.
Stenosis is the diseased arterial tissue.
Stenosis means a narrowing of a passage.
Stenosis means constriction or narrowing.
Stenosis means narrowing.
Stenosis sounds often are indicators of inflammatory constriction of respiratory pathways.
Stenothermal organisms are restricted to a small range of temperature.
Stenotic lesions cause a narrowing of an epicardial vessel.
Stenotic valves are often a natural result of aging.
Stenotic valves hinder the forward flow of blood.
Stent angioplasty is one of the most popular ways doctors treat atherosclerosis.
Stent deployment resolves a petrous carotid artery angioplasty dissection.
Stent implantation involves the placement of a stainless steel mesh tube across the narrowed area.
Stent placement is required in some procedures.
Stent struts are clearly visible.
Stent use is associated with lower rates of reocclusion than with standard angioplasty.
A stent is a tube
Stent allows for continuous flow, even under restriction.
Stents act as scaffolds within the heart arteries.
Stents are a major breakthrough in the field of interventional cardiology.
Stents are easy to use and decrease procedure time.
Stents are expandable metal scaffolds that physically open and support closed or blocked arteries.
Stents are hollow metal tubes which are loaded on angioplasty balloons.
Stents are implants.
Stents are mesh tubes used to hold arteries open after angioplasty.
Stents are mesh-like tubes that prop open vessels, restoring flow to the passageway.
Stents are metallic implants that allow blood vessels that are narrowed to be opened and kept open.
Stents are necessary during the healing process.
Stents are otherwise well tolerated and offer significant palliative relief of symptoms.
Stents are pipes.
Stents are short stainless steel wire mesh tubes that are inserted on the end of a balloon catheter.
Stents are stable in room temperature and the expansion occurs in body temperature.
Stents are tiny mesh tubes that are implanted into a blood vessel.
Stents are tiny mesh-like tubes made from stainless steel.
Stents are tiny metal tubes used to keep collapsed arteries open.
Stents are tubes.
Stents are very strong and keep the vessel open much better than balloons alone.
Stents are wire cylinders that hold open blood vessels.
Stents can be an excellent treatment for elastic recoil.
Stents can prevent much of the recoil by acting like little scaffolds.
Stents help prevent the treated blockage from recurring.
Stents improve complication rates by successfully treating acute and threatened artery closure.
Stents improve immediate results.
Stents improve long-term clinical outcomes by reducing restenosis.
Stents maintain the diameter of the artery by mechanically supporting the diseased site.
Stents provide support and prevent recoil.
Stents remain in arteries permanently.
Stents represent breakthrough technology for treating circulatory and vessel disease.
Stents support the vessel walls and are believed to help prevent blockages.
Most stents resemble the wire spring of a ballpoint pen.
Some stents penetrate the plaque, while others compress it.
Stented valves are widely available.
A stentor is a ciliated protozoan
Stentor also provides customization services for application integration.
Stentor are listed as unicellular.
Stentor are usually present in most freshwater ponds.
Stentor can be very colourful - there are green, blue and amethyst coloured species.
Stentor can come in different colors.
Stentor eats the organisms that are smaller than it.
Stentor eliminates the traditional separation between radiology and the rest of the hospital.
Stentor has to store water that enters by osmosis and get it back out from vacuole.
Stentor is considered to be a type of unicellular organism.
Stentor is like a stalked ciliate.
Stentor is one of the largest cells.
Stentor requests an extension to respond to comments.
Stentor uses micronucleus for reproduction.
Stentors are ciliates.
Stentors are speakers.
Stentors reproduce asexually through binary fission.
Stentor usually inhabit freshwater lakes and streams and prefer to inhabit dim and dark areas.
Step aerobics has fun music, the participator gets a great workout.
Step aerobics is a fast and fun way to burn fat and calories and get great results in less time.
Step aerobics is creative, fun, and very challenging.
Step aerobics is integrated into the program.
Step children become slaves.
A step dancing is a dancing
Step dancing is performed by tapping rhythms while performing intricate steps.
Step families are couple families with only one natural parent of the children present.
A step ladder is a ladder
Step ladders are stable front to back.
Step ladders command little respect and as a result cause many injuries.
Step motors offer advantages like low cost and constant torque output and various optional speeds.
Step one is both complete and continuing.
Step one is carried out by nitrosomonus bacteria.
Many step parents are just plain idiots.
Step pyramid is in the background.
Step responses fro a system with position feedback from the motor.
Step shows are high-spirited events.
A step is a move
STEP also avoids costly errors resulting from the processing of expired certificates.
Step also flips up to become a seat.
STEP brings further benefits through the inclusion of meta data in the scope of data translation.
STEP can also help identify short and long term market goals and needs.
STEP can assist children in advocating their right to basic educational needs.
Step can be a double value even if start and stop are integers.
Step can use transaction center.
STEP catches the attention of teens and holds it.
STEP contains the actual instructions.
STEP contains two identical telescopes.
Step continues a simulation experiment in step mode.
Step continues to be among the most popular classes.
Step Create the classes derived from LinkedAverageSpreadsheet class.
Step Create the view container for spreadsheets.
STEP draws lines in the frame separated for the real.
Step edges, lift platform edges.
Step falls, is taken up.
Step feet up on the foot chip.
Step Fill out all field of the form below.
Step Four- draw the lot lines.
STEP generates a quotation complete with common conditions of contract.
STEP gives students in-depth training with some of the world's most advanced automotive technology.
STEP helps parents learn effective ways to relate to their children.
STEP helps today's technician meet the future with the right training and hands-on experience.
Step includes training, engineering and production help, and data transfer assistance.
STEP is a CD-ROM set that has been provided to each command.
Step is a competitive program.
STEP is a cost-effective way of getting at least one more data point towards finding out which.
Step is a fast paced rhythmic dance done in the absence of music.
Step is a fast-paced, rhythmic dance done in the absence of music using the body for sound.
STEP is a national model.
STEP is a practical work readiness program of study based on Biblical work attitudes.
STEP is a pre-charge program for sex trade workers.
Step is a process exploration of harmonic and rhythmic patterns.
STEP is a tool to make it happen.
STEP is an education program for students and clients all over the world.
STEP is an international standard data model for sharing and archiving product data.
STEP is an international standard.
STEP is designed to help students be more successful in their college courses.
STEP is designed to reward academic achievement.
Step is horizontal and self-reversing.
Step is horizontal.
STEP is impossible in places.
Step is no better.
STEP is the most widely used parenting education program in the country.
STEP is the standard for industrial product model data representation and exchange.
Step is the step size taken towards the solution suggested by the last major iteration.
STEP is truly a powerful system, able to process literally thousands of exemptions.
STEP is under continuous development and improvement.
Step is vertical and start with right foot leading.
Step isa selection.
Step join alternating.
STEP meets three afternoons a week for two hours each day.
STEP pays stipend, travel and working-expenses, while the communities provide room and board.
STEP pays students wages and covers work and travel expenses.
STEP provides a means by which information can be exchanged between different systems.
Step provides a representation of product information enabling product data exchange.
Step provides easy and convenient access to cabin.
STEP provides field experiences coordinated with professional methods courses.
STEP provides free information, advocacy training, and support services.
STEP raises awareness about the importance of exports to the provincial economy.
Step refers to a construction step in the instruction manual for the kit.
Step responses for a system with position feedback from the motor.
STEP seeks to develop teachers who are committed to active leadership.
Step slightly diag.
Step sockets in the rear bumper and grab handles at the tailgate make it easy to climb into the bed.
Step stop, step stop, step stop.
STEP thus serves as a neutral medium for exchanging and sharing data.
STEP uses both structural and biological methods of control.
Step varies directly with wire speed.
Step varies inversely with rotation speed, faster rotation speed means less step.
STEP welcomes comments from students, parents and guardians.
Step works every major muscle group in the lower body while also training the upper body.
Step works on the quads more.
Steps alone lead to the gym.
Steps also block most wheelchairs.
Steps also offers workshops and master classes.
Steps appeal to the lowest common denominator.
Steps appear in top of box.
Steps are almost identical to find.
Steps are already underway to reduce nitrate contamination.
Steps are also adjustable.
Steps are also underway to strengthen reform in the agriculture and energy sectors.
Steps are an instance.
Steps are available in stucco, stone, and brick finishes.
Steps are available to climb into the high queen-size bed.
Steps are bad yet.
Steps are blocks.
Steps are common on steep sections.
Steps are different for the gentleman and lady.
Steps are easy to follow, even for something that seems complicated, such as the salmon.
Steps are either the addition of a bullet to a slide, or the flipping of a slide.
Steps are fast and acrobatic, with varied body movements.
Steps are firm.
Steps are free format.
Steps are identical for the lady and gentleman unless otherwise noted.
Steps are in good condition and are free of objects.
Steps are in good condition and free of objects.
Steps are in place to address the issue.
Steps are in specific order .
Steps are located in front doors.
Steps are long, springy, energetic and active with good reach and drive.
Steps are necessary with regard to tactical nuclear weapons.
Steps are often iterative.
Steps are part of stairways.
Steps are paths.
Steps are short and shuffling.
Steps are simple and fast and have no code.
Steps are simultaneous and iterative.
Steps are support.
Steps are taken by individuals.
Steps are the building blocks of scales and therefore are important in their discussion.
Steps are to be kept as ice-free as possible.
Steps are too basic.
Steps are under way to build the applications and servers, as well as the smart devices.
Steps are under way to designate the site a protected state archaeological preserve.
Steps are under way toward producing an electronic version.
Steps are underway now to empty the facility.
Steps are underway to begin the comprehensive inventory and problem identification.
Steps are underway to integrate it with a similar U.S. program.
Steps are very clear n easy.
Steps are very fun to listen to.
Steps are very simple and easy to follow.
Steps are well-defined .
Steps are wonderful places to plant.
Steps Ask students to form pairs or groups of three.
Steps away are a children's bay beach and playground, a tennis and basketball court.
Steps away are unique shops and restaurants.
Steps balance on an edge as thin as a razor's point, yet as secure as a razor's flat side.
Steps below are for the outer circle.
Steps can also serve as sources and sinks of substrate adatoms.
Steps can be a problem when they are the same colour as the surface ground.
Steps can be as simple as bricking up vulnerable windows and redundant access points.
Steps can be painful but the reward is in the accomplishment.
Steps can vary depending on the nature of the problem and the options available for resolution.
Steps cause variation.
Steps Click the red Play button to see an animated version of each step.
Steps come out of clouds.
Steps connect all buildings at the facility.
Steps continue to be made toward getting the best, most reliable permeability data.
Steps correspond to each of the partially completed kiln schedules on the following pages.
Steps could have impact.
Steps could have major impact.
Steps create a vacuum to reduce drag and get the boat on plane quickly.
Steps define the sequence in which tasks within a package execute.
Steps descend from the plaza to the moat.
Steps Distribute the project plan and business context model to all team members.
Steps Explain the steps, phases, and tasks necessary in the systems development life cycle.
Steps Fill the plastic container half full of water.
Steps fold for transport and storage.
Steps Fold the velvet in half and then half again.
Steps Follow the instructions included in the Internet Field Trip itself.
Steps Follow the instructions included with the reproducible.
Steps Follow the instructions provided in the activity.
Steps follow the line of the arches on both sides of the railway.
Steps given are for students who are proficient at skills listed.
Steps go down to the basement.
Steps Have a chapter newsletter published at least semiannually, preferably quarterly.
Steps have nonskid strips or their carpeting is securely fastened and free of fraying or holes.
Steps Have students read the book summary.
Steps have to be climbed to reach the temple.
Steps have to be renegotiated every year.
Steps have to be taken by the people who exploit the fear and anger against the police.
Steps have to be taken to ensure that the alphabet bites on the significant name.
Steps have to be taken to remove the train before the royal train arrives.
Steps have to be taken to stop shifting practice of cultivation.
Steps include examinations.
Steps increase strength.
Steps Interview the complainant.
Steps involve actions.
Steps involve arrangements.
Steps involve choices.
Steps involve development.
Steps involve follow steps.
Steps involve identification.
Steps involve reaction.
Steps involve selections.
Steps involve steps.
Steps involve tests.
Steps involved in developing the community focus include the following.
Steps is a children's clothing manufacturer as well as a retailer.
Steps is a definite act.
Steps lead down from the inner ward to a dark cave and passage.
Steps lead down from the platform.
Steps lead down into a sitting room with terrestrial television.
Steps lead down into the bath at either end.
Steps lead down to a river, which is clean enough to bathe in.
Steps lead down to the base where one can sit and meditate.
Steps lead down to the beach.
Steps lead down to the falls, and photo spots are also located along the railing near the road.
Steps lead down to the fourth chamber.
Steps lead down to the sand beach below.
Steps lead down to the swimming pool and sun terrace toward the river.
Steps lead down to the tank, enabling worshippers to take bathe in it.
Steps lead down to the water making it easier to take a bath in it.
Steps lead from the columns up to the porch deck, which extended from pavilion to pavilion.
Steps lead from the deck down to a hot tub and the lower-level patio beneath the deck.
Steps lead from the house to the warm, sparkling sea.
Steps lead from the parking area to the bottom of the falls.
Steps lead from there to the pool.
Steps lead on to a patio on the ground floor and a verandah upstairs.
Steps lead through the garden to the sandy beach where there is excellent swimming and snorkeling.
Steps lead through the wall to the water at the southwest side.
Steps lead to a large covered mirador with fan for entertaining.
Steps lead to contraction.
Steps lead to Dublin's oldest parish church.
Steps lead to lower caves that have as yet been unexcavated.
Steps lead to muscle contraction.
Steps lead to private pools.
Steps lead to production.
Steps lead to speciation.
Steps lead to the large bricked patio and swimming pool.
Steps lead to the spacious decks with further steps to the sea.
Steps lead to the spring for viewing.
Steps lead to the summit.
Steps lead to the theater, and the accessible entrance is through the exit door.
Steps lead to the top from where a sweeping view can be had of the countryside.
Steps lead to the top.
Steps lead up a steep hillside to the mouth of a cave which tunnels into the cliff face.
Steps lead up along bare brick walls to a small sitting room with a vintage working wash basin.
Steps lead up the steep incline to the crest of the heavily wooded hill.
Steps lead up the wall to the other tombs and monuments outside the walls.
Steps lead up the worn steps into the light.
Steps lead up through the industrial town to the Palace area at the top of the hill.
Steps lead up to a winding passage leading to the emergency exit.
Steps lead up to pools on either end.
Steps lead up to rear of the theater, and down to the front.
Steps lead up to street level and the city centre.
Steps lead up to the embattlements where there is a fine view of both ancient and modern harbours.
Steps lead up to the roof on our one-story structure.
Steps lead up to the stage from both ends.
Steps leading to the altar are white marble with gray streaks.
Steps leading to the creation of CDs, whether for audio or data, are for the most part intuitive.
Steps leads down to cement platform from parking area.
Steps move independent of each other.
Steps occur in humoral immune responses.
Steps occur in humoral responses.
Steps occur in immune responses.
Steps occur in responses.
Steps provide descriptions.
Steps Provides easy access for under the hood adjustments.
Steps Read the story summary to children.
Steps Read the story to the students.
Steps refer to the castle of P ltsamaa.
Steps refer to the old castle.
Steps represent increased years of experience.
Steps require careful consideration.
Steps require consideration.
Steps require cooperation.
Steps run down to a sandy cove.
Steps often occur in strike-slip faults.
All steps are applicable to most insects.
All steps are important.
All steps are in accord with the judgment of emotional actions.
All steps are joint by a relational database.
All steps are listed.
All steps are straightforward to do locally in parallel polylog time except sorting of pointers.
All steps are the same as when installing the operating system on real hardware.
All steps are the same except composition which is balance going up or down all steps are different.
All steps are the same for apache.
All steps are the target of the regulatory mechanisms in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
All steps can and often do involve the participation of citizens.
All steps involve automatic equipment to save time and labor.
All steps leading to higher education are time sensitive.
All steps move forward unless noted otherwise.
All steps pay legal stamps.
All steps require management leadership and staff participation.
All steps require minimal time.
Any step can be rate-limiting.
Any step forward is a step in the right direction.
Any step is a step.
Any step requires more than three concurrent cartridge tapes.
Any step requires more than two concurrent round tapes.
Any step taken in the direction of education is education, whatever the degree of it.
Any step taken is an improvement.
Every step appears laborious.
Every step brings new challenges and additional innovations.
Every step brings something fresh.
Every step builds confidence and actually changes the patterning in our nervous system.
Every step counts as an act of charity.
Every step counts as progress.
Every step counts to Montana's timber communities that are dying on the vine.
Every step counts.
Every step forward appears to be one step back.
Every step forward has to be sustained.
Every step forward is a blessing.
Every step forward is a step in the right direction.
Every step forward is celebrated.
Every step has a timer that can be set by the process programmer.
Every step has to be examined and justified on a descriptive flow chart.
Every step has to be there.
Every step hurts so much.
Every step hurts.
Every step inside sounds a scuffle.
Every step is a carefully placed step to avoid injury.
Every step is a celebration, a joy.
Every step is a climb up a bolder, pulling one's self up with arms, vines, and in one place, a rope.
Every step is a step on the Path.
Every step is a struggle.
Every step is aimed at helping to restore function and prevent limitations.
Every step is an effort.
Every step is assigned a specific legal status code.
Every step is catalyzed by an enzyme.
Every step is charted, every obstacle surmounted, every new development delighted in.
Every step is counted.
Every step is covered in detail.
Every step is designed to save time and effort.
Every step is documented and laid out.
Every step is engineered by the computers and our in-house technicians.
Every step is explained and clearly documented.
Every step is explained in detail, and nothing is over-looked.
Every step is explained in detail.
Every step is hard.
Every step is harder than the first.
Every step is illustrated with clear pictures and example cartoons.
Every step is important to help children develop good posture and stay healthy.
Every step is important.
Every step is intentional.
Every step is legal, commonly practiced by neighboring counties, and available for immediate action.
Every step is like the jolting motion of a new driver learning to shift into first gear.
Every step is like walking barefoot on a sandy beach.
Every step is monitored by our team of knowledgeable supervisors.
Every step is monitored.
Every step is one simple concept, clearly explained and illustrated.
Every step is painful.
Every step is painstakingly slow.
Every step is peace.
Every step is performed by a specialist and done under one roof.
Every step is predicted.
Every step is quality controlled from start to finish.
Every step is right.
Every step is sacred.
Every step is shown in minute detail.
Every step is shown in moving color.
Every step is simple and no knowledge of postscript is required other than what is presented here.
Every step is straightforward and easy to understand.
Every step is subject to strict control.
Every step is taken cautiously.
Every step is taken to ensure delivery charges are kept to a minimum.
Every step is taken to ensure the optimum exposure density, color balance and contrast.
Every step is taken to ensure the safety of students on Canada's campuses.
Every step is torture.
Every step is vital to the process.
Every step is well illustrated, along with a short, clear explanation.
Every step is writ through with managerialism, involving targets, numbers and spending.
Every step is written down, so the workers are more aware of their role in the system.
Every step makes a flower bloom under our feet.
Every step needs to be right.
Every step produces the environment and every next step is unknown.
Every step requires careful planning.
Every step seems difficult.
Every step taken by one region affects the other substantially.
Every step taken in one shoe is a step into trouble.
Every step taken in the heat of racing is recorded somewhere, and can be referenced with ease.
Every step taken is a battle with elements.
Every step taken is aimed in one direction - Jerusalem.
Every step taken on the road to peace is to the benefit of our peoples.
Every step takes careful consideration.
Every step takes concentration.
Every step takes more caution because sizzling fissile materials cause humans to explode or decay.
Many steps are essential to a successful application strategy.
Many steps are necessary to complete hand made stoneware ceramics.
Many steps happen concurrently.
Many steps have French influences, drawing from the ballet forms of early years.
Many steps have to be taken by the seeker before the supramental descent is possible.
Many steps have to be taken in order to get to the final product and publication.
Many steps have to take place, in order to make animation possible.
Many steps lead to the top of that mountain through well- maintained plantings.
Many steps make a journey.
Many steps Making marzipan is usually a three-day process.
Many steps occur during the processing of a packet, and tests are performed at each step.
Many steps prescribed in the new requirements are in place in our institutions.
Many steps remain in the process before the telecommunications legislation can become law.
Many steps require soft towels.
More steps are available by selecting one of the icons in the menu to the right.
More steps are likely to follow within the next six months.
More steps means more generations and without well-matched sex organs, there is no next generation.
Most steps are optional but recommended.
Most steps are self-explaining.
Most steps are simple yes or no decisions.
Most steps are taken by individuals.
Most steps cause variation.
Most steps increase strength.
Most steps involve actions.
Most steps involve arrangements.
Most steps involve choices.
Most steps involve development.
Most steps involve follow steps.
Most steps involve identification.
Most steps involve reaction.
Most steps involve selections.
Most steps involve steps.
Most steps involve tests.
Most steps lead to contraction.
Most steps lead to muscle contraction.
Most steps lead to production.
Most steps lead to speciation.
Most steps occur in humoral immune responses.
Most steps occur in humoral responses.
Most steps occur in immune responses.
Most steps occur in responses.
Most steps provide descriptions.
Most steps require careful consideration.
Most steps require consideration.
Most steps require cooperation.
Most steps still have their original French names.
Most steps using adsorbents have little variation in temperature.
Some steps affect tissue.
Some steps already are under way.
Some steps are already under way.
Some steps are already underway to create voluntary action.
Some steps are already underway.
Some steps are common to almost all erection processes.
Some steps are easy, others are more difficult.
Some steps are giant strides.
Some steps are more important than others.
Some steps are relatively simple, while others require investment of more time or resources.
Some steps are small.
Some steps are taken by government.
Some steps are taken by indian government.
Some steps can take several weeks or more.
Some steps create products.
Some steps create soy products.
Some steps ensure chances.
Some steps figure a great deal in the film.
Some steps focus more on team building.
Some steps have effects.
Some steps help campaigns.
Some steps help degeneration.
Some steps help growth.
Some steps increase quality.
Some steps involve consumption.
Some steps involve deleting files.
Some steps involve differentiations.
Some steps involve in reproduction.
Some steps involve in synthesis.
Some steps involve photosynthesis.
Some steps involve removals.
Some steps involve types.
Some steps lead to behavioral goals.
Some steps lead to cell division.
Some steps lead to division.
Some steps lead to evolution.
Some steps lead to goals.
Some steps obviously have to be done by the cardholder.
Some steps repeat annually, others are on-going.
Some steps require only observation.
Some steps result in production.
Some steps save life.
Some steps seem reasonable.
Some steps take longer than others.
Some steps use up water, others release carbon dioxide.
Some steps yield benefits.
Stepfather isa man.
Stepfather isa parent.
Stepfathers are nothing new, of course.
Stepfathers carry boys.
Stepfathers continue to be common as the diversity of American families continues to evolve.
Stepfathers go into bedrooms.
Stepfathers have (part) arms.
Stepfathers have (part) beard.
Stepfathers have (part) body substances.
Stepfathers have (part) cell membranes.
Stepfathers have (part) cells.
Stepfathers have (part) cytoplasm.
Stepfathers have (part) heads.
Stepfathers have (part) legs.
Stepfathers have (part) man's bodies.
Stepfathers have (part) necks.
Stepfathers have (part) nuclei.
Stepfathers have (part) personality.
Stepfathers have (part) plasma membranes.
Stepfathers have (part) sections.
Stepfathers have (part) vacuoles.
Stepfathers have children.
Stepfathers offer guidance.
Most stepfathers carry boys.
Most stepfathers go into bedrooms.
Most stepfathers have children.
Most stepfathers offer guidance.
Some stepfathers discover matter.
Some stepfathers hit heads.
Some stepfathers participate in assessments.
Some stepfathers pass at homes.
Some stepfathers undergo procedures.
Some stepfathers work on railroads.
Stephanian floras are much more common and therefore much better known than Rotliegend floras.
Stephanotis blossoms form their own chic cocktail hat veil.
A stepladder is a ladder
Stepladder is part of the trail rig.
Stepladders are ladders.
Stepladders are located in hardware stores.
Stepladders are located in sheds.
Stepladders are unstable on soft ground, and working from the roof is just asking for trouble.
Stepladders are used for climbs.
Stepladders stand on their own.
A stepmother is a stepparent
Stepmother is just horrible.
Stepmother isa parent.
Stepmothers also make many appearances in Chinese tales of family.
Stepmothers are mothers.
Stepmothers are notoriously wicked.
Stepmothers are stepparents.
Stepmothers clean floors.
Stepmothers have (part) arms.
Stepmothers have (part) body substances.
Stepmothers have (part) cell membranes.
Stepmothers have (part) cells.
Stepmothers have (part) corpi.
Stepmothers have (part) cytoplasm.
Stepmothers have (part) heads.
Stepmothers have (part) human bodies.
Stepmothers have (part) legs.
Stepmothers have (part) material bodies.
Stepmothers have (part) necks.
Stepmothers have (part) nuclei.
Stepmothers have (part) personality.
Stepmothers have (part) plasma membranes.
Stepmothers have (part) sections.
Stepmothers have (part) vacuoles.
Stepmothers have a strange place in our culture.
Stepmothers have children.
Stepmothers have experience.
Stepmothers have ideas.
Stepmothers have their own problems.
Stepmothers help ease.
Stepmothers include advice.
Stepmothers frequently spend more time in child rearing than a stepfather.
Many stepmothers never receive such acknowledgement and feel like second class citizens.
Most stepmothers have children.
Most stepmothers have experience.
Most stepmothers have ideas.
Most stepmothers help ease.
Some stepmothers are simply insane though.
Some stepmothers become players.
Some stepmothers plead charge.
Some stepmothers share identities.
Stepparent adoptions are quite common.
Stepparent adoptions take place by way of a different procedure.
A stepparent is a parent
Stepparents are instant parents.
Stepparents are parents.
Stepparents are usually more supportive of respectful and obedient children.
Stepparents are wicked, especially stepmothers.
Stepparents can save for stepchildren.
Stepparents can slowly build a positive relationship with a stepson.
Stepparents formed after a parent dies are easier.
Stepparents have every right to be treated with respect and expect certain behavior from children.
Stepparents have no financial obligations.
Stepparents have one of the toughest jobs around.
Stepparents help create family unity when they Work with the natural parent.
Stepparents ought to treat their natural and stepchildren equally.
Stepparents share the same human qualities as other adults.
Stepparents take on discipline enforcement slowly.
Stepparents think bioparents are too lenient and spoil the kids.
Stepparents often adopt children to form a close family bond with a new spouse.
Stepparents often face significant difficulties when interacting with the paternal parent.
Stepparents sometimes play a role in the ceremony or in the preparation or payment for the wedding.
Many stepparents perceive it as just one more area where they're out of control.
Most stepparents are caring adults.
Most stepparents remarry with the highest hopes and new resolutions for a better life.
Some steppe polecats eat lizards.
Some steppe polecats have burrows.
A steppe is a field
Steppe isa plain.
Steppes are also under the category of tableland but they are non-raised large flat areas of land.
Steppes are common.
Steppes are dry areas of grassland with hot summers and cold winters.
Steppes are grassland.
Steppes are plains.
Steppes are short grass grasslands found furthest away from the equator.
Steppes are virtually semi-arid deserts in the making, and are highly threatened by overgrazing.
Steppes become more deserted and flatter westward.
Steppes has a few old visitors paying brief calls, but they soon wilt before the storm.
Steppes occur in the interiors of North America and Europe.
Steppes possess a semi-arid climate as well.
Steppes receive slightly more rain than deserts do .
Steppes receive slightly more rain than deserts do.
Stepper motor are capable of generating relatively high torque.
Stepper motors are accurate way of making desired mechanical movements.
Stepper motors are cheap, simple and perfect for positioning applications run by computers.
Stepper motors are excellent for light duty position control.
Stepper motors are for example used for the head movements in plotters, printers and disk drives.
Stepper motors are often available cheap or free from various sources.
Stepper motors are precise, but can lose their coordination when maximum torque is exceeded.
Stepper motors provide open-loop, relative motion control.
Stepper motors snap from step to step when operating in fullstep or halfstep mode.
Stepper motors vary in the amount of rotation delivered per step.
All stepper motors are cold, and there are no mechanical feedthroughs into the dewar.
All stepper motors are synchronous.
All stepper motors have in-line connectors fitted.
A stepper is a horse
Steppers also are low torque devices.
Steppers also use a permanent armature magnet instead of armature coils, commutators and brushes.
Steppers are either dead on the mark or they're broken.
Steppers are horses.
Steppers are motors.
Steppers move smoothly and are more resistant to resonance effects when halfstepping.
Steppers Stay as straight up as possible.
Steppers strike each others poles too, to create other visual effects.
Many stepper based engravers are, simply, noise polluters.
Stepping motors come in a wide range of angular resolution.
Stepping motors drive the selected target into position.
Stepping motors ensure accuracy and high performance.
Steppings are transfers.
Steps Parents Can Take Only allow infants to sleep on their backs at night and naptime.
Stepson isa offspring.
Stepsons have (part) arms.
Stepsons have (part) body substances.
Stepsons have (part) cell membranes.
Stepsons have (part) cells.
Stepsons have (part) corpi.
Stepsons have (part) cytoplasm.
Stepsons have (part) heads.
Stepsons have (part) human bodies.
Stepsons have (part) legs.
Stepsons have (part) material bodies.
Stepsons have (part) necks.
Stepsons have (part) nuclei.
Stepsons have (part) personality.
Stepsons have (part) plasma membranes.
Stepsons have (part) sections.
Stepsons have (part) vacuoles.
Stepwise ionization processes via excited levels are significant in ionization dynamics.
Stepwise motion is generally preferred, but a few well-considered leaps are required for variety.
Stepwise regression identifies a single regression instead of several possible candidates.
Stepwise regression is a technique for calculating regression values with multiple input values.
Stepwise regression is a tool of the devil.
Stepwise regression is an alternative to splines for fitting noisy data.
Stepwise regression is hypersensitive.
Stepwise regression is suspect as a method for choosing a scientific model.
Stepwise selection begins, like forward selection, with no variables in the model.
Stepwise selection is the default method of variable selection.
Stereo buttons are small and difficult to read.
Stereo cameras produce images that seem to have depth.
Stereo cameras track the fly's movement in three dimensions.
Stereo channels are no longer backwards.
Stereo dipole produces crosstalk cancellation on human head as function of frequency.
Most stereo equipment comes equipped with dual cassette decks and a record button.
Stereo interpretations are extremely useful when detailed fracture analysis is required.
Stereo microscopes are the only exception to the in plant calibration requirement.
Stereo microscopes come in many different forms.
Stereo photographs aid residue management.
Stereo projection is also possible.
Stereo recorders use microphones.
Stereo separation can eliminate bass or piano.
Stereo separation is good.
Stereo sound is really excellent.
Stereo speakers are components.
Stereo speakers are speakers.
Stereo speakers are to be found in the front of the display.
Stereo speakers can stick out like a sore thumb in a room.
Stereo speakers help the process by separating the voice by earphone.
Stereo speakers produce a lateral soundstage.
Stereo speakers surround it, along with a large subwoofer for really solid bass.
Stereo tape recorders use microphones.
Most stereo TVs have special connections designed to connect the TV to a separate stereo system.
Stereo versions are available.
Stereo vision correlates features between images in order to determine range.
Stereo vision is how humans see.
Stereo vision is possible by using two machines which synchronize their output.
Stereo vision is used to locate objects and places that are indicated by the spot of laser light.
A stereo is a system
A stereo is electronic equipment
Stereo isa equipment.
Stereo linking allows both channels to track identically.
Stereo outputs for a more spacious sound.
Stereo runs on the users' PCs and communicates with the mainframe in the background.
Stereo sounds use twice as much storage as mono sounds and can take twice as long to process.
Stereo surround sound circuitry expands the st ereo signal to create a more spacious sound effect.
Stereo tracking from multiple views can provide comprehensive visual awareness.
Stereos also help if used in conjunction with the above-mentioned items.
Stereos are artificial satellites.
Stereos are located in cars.
Stereos are located in parties.
Stereos are pictures.
Stereos are used for playing.
Stereos bring 'em and buy a good transformer here.
Stereos have (part) circuits.
Stereos have (part) electron tubes.
Stereos have (part) infrastructures.
Stereos have (part) phonographs.
Stereos have (part) pickup arms.
Stereos have (part) radio receivers.
Stereos have (part) radio sets.
Stereos have (part) resistors.
Stereos have (part) sections.
Stereos have (part) tape decks.
Stereos have (part) tape transport.
Stereos have (part) tone arms.
Stereos have (part) vacuum tubes.
Stereos have sound.
Stereos use a cone-shaped material that vibrates.
Most stereos have line-level connections on the back.
Most stereos have sound.
Stereochemical information appears at the end of the name.
Stereographic analysis indicates two major joint sets plus random joints.
Stereographic glasses use liquid crystal shutters to expose each eye with the appropriate view.
Stereographic projection is a map with several important properties.
Stereographic projection is angle-preserving .
Stereographic projection is circle-preserving.
Stereographic projection is introduced.
Stereographic projection is one way to make a flat map of the earth.
Stereographic projection preserves circles and angles.
Stereographic projection preserves circles and lines.
Stereographic projection Read the explanation of stereographic projection on the web.
Stereographic projection takes a sphere and maps it over the entire plane in the following manner.
Stereophonic headsets hang from the ceiling.
Stereophonic records are recorder with the aid of two separate microphones.
Stereophonic sound uses two speakers to create a balance of sound from the left and right.
A stereoscope is an optical device
Stereoscopes are binocular microscopes typically with a low magnification.
Stereoscopic camera allows to obtain three-dimensional pictures.
Stereoscopic films can help localize intracranial fragments.
Stereoscopic images depend on the use of binocular vision.
Stereoscopic photography depends on the use of binocular vision.
Stereoscopic vision increases the ability to sense depth .
Stereoscopic vision is another name for using both eyes to focus on the same object.
Stereoscopic vision is binocular vision
Stereoscopic vision is partly a function of structures in the brain.
Stereoselective reactions distinguish between identical groups of the same connectivity.
Stereotactic biopsy costs much less than what is charged for a surgical biopsy.
Stereotactic breast biopsy with a biopsy gun.
Stereotactic frame helps to pinpoint the exact location of a brain tumor.
Stereotactic guidance is the most common technique for performing a core needle biopsy.
Stereotactic radiation is still somewhat controversial in the neurosurgical community.
Stereotactic radiotherapy is a more recent technique for the treatment of AVMs.
Stereotactic radiotherapy is associated with a similar spectrum of functional deficits as surgery.
Stereotactic radiotherapy is used to treat small tumors more precisely.
Some stereotactic units are upright with the patient sitting during the procedure.
Stereotype threat occurs when negative stereotypes exist as an explanation for poor performance.
A stereotype is a representation
Stereotypes abound in the Middle East, especially negative stereotypes about Arab people.
Stereotypes abound when there is a distance.
Stereotypes also change gradually over time.
Stereotypes also come between people and build walls.
Stereotypes also exist for persons from minority groups in the larger society.
Stereotypes also exist specific to the computer world.
Stereotypes also work, to some extent, like self-fulfilling prophecy .
Stereotypes appear in other forms.
Stereotypes are a common form of media representation.
Stereotypes are a kind of lie and they hurt people's feelings.
Stereotypes are a language in itself.
Stereotypes are a negative way to group others.
Stereotypes are always destructive to a reasoned and balanced approach to religions.
Stereotypes are an awful thing.
Stereotypes are assumptions made about people based on little actual information.
Stereotypes are barriers to good communication and good service.
Stereotypes are beliefs that associate groups of people with certain traits.
Stereotypes are both dehumanizing, and misleading.
Stereotypes are complex, and there's usually some deeply ingrained unease or fear beneath it all.
Stereotypes are crude vehicles of understanding.
Stereotypes are dangerous here.
Stereotypes are discriminatory in that they take away a person's individuality.
Stereotypes are easy to fall into.
Stereotypes are especially likely to be wrong in conflict situations.
Stereotypes are especially prevalent inthe media.
Stereotypes are hard to get rid of.
Stereotypes are inaccurate generalizations about groups.
Stereotypes are indeed still present, however.
Stereotypes are labels perhaps, and they create barriers.
Stereotypes are likely to turn up instead, often in the guise of ''archetypes''.
Stereotypes are never right.
Stereotypes are often negative.
Stereotypes are often rigid little bundles of belief.
Stereotypes are often the first words that come to mind.
Stereotypes are one way in which people define the world in a more simplified manner.
Stereotypes are overgeneralizations and oversimplifications.
Stereotypes are particular types of schemata.
Stereotypes are pernicious no matter which way they cut.
Stereotypes are powerful.
Stereotypes are representations.
Stereotypes are resistant to change in spite of logic and personal experiences.
Stereotypes are sets of beliefs about characteristics attributed to members of a certain group.
Stereotypes are sneaky.
Stereotypes are so much easier.
Stereotypes are stigmatic and discriminatory labels that are placed on people.
Stereotypes are the mind's shorthand for dealing with complexities.
Stereotypes are unfair but they exist nonetheless.
Stereotypes are unwanted, even if they are intended to be positive.
Stereotypes are very damaging to ethnic groups.
Stereotypes are wrong.
Stereotypes are, after all, extraordinarily resistant to change.
Stereotypes attribute to people a set of behaviors and psychological traits.
Stereotypes can also offer some individuals security and safety.
Stereotypes can be a threat to performance.
Stereotypes can be dangerous when interacting with a specific person from a different culture.
Stereotypes can be misleading.
Stereotypes can be negative or positive.
Stereotypes can be overridden for individuals one knows.
Stereotypes can be pretty funny sometimes.
Stereotypes can creep into the news as a side effect of the pressure of tight deadlines.
Stereotypes can lead people to make unfair judgments about individuals and groups.
Stereotypes can lead to incorrect assumptions.
Stereotypes can lead to low morale and negative feelings.
Stereotypes cause it to be seen as contributing to welfare and education costs.
Stereotypes challenge their ways of life.
Stereotypes clearly persist about slender and obese people.
Stereotypes continue to challenge women's rights.
Stereotypes create a narrow view of Indian culture.
Stereotypes create boundaries between races.
Stereotypes die hard, even when they are at our own expense.
Stereotypes die hard.
Stereotypes die slowly, though.
Stereotypes do die hard.
Stereotypes easily turn into prejudice and racism.
Stereotypes exaggerate group characteristics.
Stereotypes exert an insidious effect in the schools, another influential line of research suggests.
Stereotypes exist because some things are universal.
Stereotypes exist for every group of people imaginable.
Stereotypes flourish, often fed by political motives.
Stereotypes give way to solid characterization early on, which is largely why the movie succeeds.
Stereotypes go both directions and are usually wrong in both directions.
Stereotypes happen for a reason, perhaps.
Stereotypes have a controlling function.
Stereotypes have a self-fulfilling quality.
Stereotypes have consequences that are far from proportional to their accuracy.
Stereotypes help create boundaries between races.
Stereotypes influence our attention, recall, and judgments of other people.
Stereotypes influence society more than is realized.
Stereotypes lead to prejudice and unnecessary conflict in people's dealings with others.
Stereotypes limit children from developing their full potential.
Stereotypes limit people in how they see themselves and others.
Stereotypes loom large here.
Stereotypes lor daily newspapers are usually made in fif- teen minutes.
Stereotypes maintain prejudice.
Stereotypes misrepresent the person.
Stereotypes normally reflect differences between one's own and a different culture.
Stereotypes occur in every culture, in every nation.
Stereotypes persist concerning black men and crime, black women and welfare, and parenting issues.
Stereotypes persist through time for black men.
Stereotypes persist with regard to the social roles of women and men.
Stereotypes promote stigma, and stigma prevents people from seeking treatment.
Stereotypes rob people of their individuality and lead to narrow-mindedness.
Stereotypes seem rampant.
Stereotypes seem to go along with difference, especially racial differences.
Stereotypes serve a communicative function.
Stereotypes serve a function, often subconscious.
Stereotypes serve a variety of purposes.
Stereotypes show up in many ways.
Stereotypes simply have no other use than such discrimination.
Stereotypes still exist that limit access to jobs that can be performed without sight.
Stereotypes suggest that the sciences utilize the online resources more than the humanities.
Stereotypes suggest that they are.
Stereotypes tend to portray men and women in very simplistic ways.
Stereotypes work both ways.
Stereotypes always lag behind the changed situation.
Stereotypes often go through stages of development.
Stereotypes often reflect the differences in socioeconomic status, religion, or dialect.
Stereotypes often substitute for knowledge and cross-cultural understanding.
Every stereotype is incarnated here.
Many stereotypes are apparent in advertising about men, and of course, women.
Many stereotypes go along with being an athlete.
Most stereotypes concerning the elderly are negative.
Some stereotypes are positive and some are negative.
Some stereotypes show up in television, music, books, school textbooks, and advertising.
Some stereotypes still are difficult to overcome even after years of trying.
Some stereotypes suggest a change in sexuality occurs with aging.
Some stereotyped expressions use the subjunctive.
Stereotyped movements are typical of catatonia.
Stereotypic behaviour is an abnormal behaviour frequently seen in laboratory primates.
Stereotypic behaviour is highly repetitive behaviour, performed for no apparent purpose.
Stereotypical behavior includes qualities such as laziness and teenage pregnancy.
Stereotypical images persist, in different, insidious, and dangerous forms.
Stereotypical language promotes exclusion, devaluation, and notions of incompetence.
Stereotypical roles do cause actors dilemmas.
Sterescopic devices create the illusion of three dimension by doing just that.
Steric change results from temperature or density changes in seawater.
Steric considerations suggest why one enatiomer is strongly preferred.
Steric constraints prevent intramolecular attack in dilute solutions.
Steric effects are usually smaller than electronic effects .
Steric effects are usually smaller than electronic effects.
Steric hindrance leads to preferred values.
Sterile animals are usually females, all sisters, but male workers occur in termites.
Some sterile ants provide services.
Sterile beakers fill with water.
Most sterile beakers fill with water.
Sterile catheterization is essential.
Sterile conditions are mandatory for the prevention of infection.
Sterile conditions are very important in hospital operating rooms and in food production operations.
Sterile drapes cover the neck and chest.
Sterile dressing is applied to the biopsy site.
Sterile dressings come in various sizes from simple gauze pads to adhesive bandages.
Sterile ecosystems are on the horizon.
Sterile ethanol is a potent sclerosing agent which is readily available and easy to handle.
Sterile females act as workers, and soldiers.
Sterile field is created as close as possible to time of use.
Sterile filtration is one way to ensure microbiological stability.
Sterile florets tend to open and thus become more liable to infection.
Sterile flowers capitate, clavate, subulate, or filiform.
Sterile flowers filiform, spreading and slightly decurved, yellow, weakly papillose.
Sterile flowers filiform, upcurved, yellow to orange, finely papillose.
Sterile flowers present above and below the male.
Sterile fluid is instilled into the lung and then is suctioned back into a collection container.
Sterile flies are another treatment modality, when the wild population is at very low levels.
More sterile flies are released in the area.
Sterile fronds are green and perform photosynthesis.
Sterile glucose is needed, and a large glucose syringe.
Sterile hairs line the neck canal of each perithecium.
Sterile hybrids can survive by vegetative growth or apomixis.
Sterile language is a very different business.
Sterile leaves are evergreen and are spreading or appressed to the ground.
Sterile males become soldiers, with a nosile-shaped proboscus that shoots a sticky defense compound.
Sterile men can still be extremely virile.
Sterile maps play, well, sterile.
Sterile mixes are free of weed seeds and disease organisms.
Sterile persons keep well within sterile area.
Sterile pets become calmer, more content and more affectionate.
Sterile plants produce seeds.
Most sterile plants produce seeds.
Sterile plazas removed from the street add to the bleak atmosphere.
Sterile products experience a plus.
Sterile pyuria is caused by cancer cells that flake off into the urine and resemble pus.
Sterile saline is just plain contact lens solution.
Sterile saline is the irrigant.
Sterile saline is used to wash out eyes or small cuts.
Sterile scales are simple, linear with adaxial stomata.
Sterile seed is widely and legally used in bird feed.
Sterile soil is also acceptable, but it is dirty and somewhat impractical.
Sterile solution has the same pH as natural tears.
Sterile solution is best, and many contact wetting solutions work well.
Sterile technique is required to maintain the viability of the cells.
Sterile technique is required.
Sterile technique is to be used during sterile procedures.
Sterile technique is used to prevent bacterial, fungal and viral contamination.
Sterile technique prevents infection.
Sterile techniques are to be used during sterile procedures.
Sterile water is injected into the other eyelid as a control.
Sterile water is used to cleanse or flush wounds.
Sterile workers help build and defend the nest and take care of the young.
Some sterile workers collect food.
Sterile wort is run into a vessel that has been presterilized by steam and cooled.
Sterilisation involves issuing debt securities to the banking sector in exchange for cash.
Sterilisation is a pain, but is absolutely necessary.
Sterilisation is a permanent method of contraception.
Sterilisation is a very safe procedure.
Sterilisation is advisable.
Sterilisation is an operation
Sterilisation is available for all spices on request.
Sterilisation is complete when steam emerges from around the lid on the top of the bucket.
Sterilisation removes or destroys all forms of microbial life including bacterial spores.
Sterilisation often is done for a way of birth control .
Sterilisation often is done for a way of birth control.
Sterility also can develop in men, and the infection can extend to the prostate and the rectum.
Sterility can also result from severe, untreated infection.
Sterility is a major issue for medical robots.
Sterility is a real possibility with sexually transmitted diseases.
Sterility is a sanitary condition
Sterility is good and bad in Tripoli, at the same time.
Sterility is important for culture results.
Sterility is no good here.
Sterility is on the rise.
Sterility is one danger.
Sterility is permanent.
Sterility is possible, but rare.
Sterility is possible.
Sterility is rare in cases of unilateral orchitis.
Sterility is tested using two kinds of culture media.
Sterility is the most feared long-term complication of induced abortion.
Sterility is the ultimate effect upon the male.
Sterility is unacceptable and shameful.
Sterility is very rare after a testicluar infection even if both testes are involved.
Sterility occurs in almost all sexually reproducing organisms with odd-numbered sets of chromosomes.
Sterilizable connectors made from synthetic materials are also available.
Sterilization procedures involve use.
Sterilization also reduces the tendency to be aggressive toward humans and other animals.
Sterilization can be a significant factor.
Sterilization can occur if both ovaries are damaged.
Sterilization destroys all forms of microbial life.
Sterilization destroys all forms of micro-organisms, including viruses, bacteria, spores and fungi.
Sterilization has (part) incisions.
Sterilization is a difficult subject and a personal choice.
Sterilization is a permanent decision and deserves serious consideration and full information.
Sterilization is a process by which all form of microbial life is inactivated.
Sterilization is a process capable of destroying all forms of microbial life on inanimate surfaces.
Sterilization is a process of eliminating all microorganisms.
Sterilization is a serious decision that is made voluntarily.
Sterilization is a surgical operation by which the subjects are made incapable of procreation.
Sterilization is a surgical procedure done in a doctor's office or clinic.
Sterilization is accomplished by formaldehyde produced by incomplete combustion of methanol.
Sterilization is achieved by the high temperature that steam under pressure can reach.
Sterilization is also permanent.
Sterilization is also the term used to describe an operation to make a man or woman infertile.
Sterilization is an important part of being a responsible pet owner.
Sterilization is an operation
Sterilization is by ethylene oxide.
Sterilization is cleaning.
Sterilization is complete and products are ready to use in just a little more than an hour.
Sterilization is considered to be an irreversible method of contraception.
Sterilization is done by various surgical techniques, usually under general anesthesia.
Sterilization is done during a short operation.
Sterilization is done via gamma radiation and complete documentation is provided upon delivery.
Sterilization is done with steam.
Sterilization is effective and permanent, and it has no major side effects.
Sterilization is effective three weeks after the intervention.
Sterilization is forbidden.
Sterilization is illegal as a method of family planning.
Sterilization is imperative for many reasons.
Sterilization is included in our adoption fee.
Sterilization is meant to be permanent.
Sterilization is nearly impossible to reverse.
Sterilization is necessary to destroy microorganism growth and reproduction capability.
Sterilization is of utmost importance when dealing with blood and actively abcessed teeth.
Sterilization is one of the most common surgeries performed by veterinary clinics.
Sterilization is one of the safest, most effective, and most cost-effective contraceptive methods.
Sterilization is operations.
Sterilization is seen as the decision of the person involved.
Sterilization is surgical birth control.
Sterilization is the answer here.
Sterilization is the chief means of achieving asepsis.
Sterilization is the complete killing of all organisms.
Sterilization is the destruction of all living organisms.
Sterilization is the elimination of all microbial organisms including spore formers.
Sterilization is the key issue in save tattooing.
Sterilization is the most important thing in a tattoo studio.
Sterilization is the permanent prevention of gamete production or release.
Sterilization is the permanent prevention of gamete release.
Sterilization is the process of sterilizing.
Sterilization is the process used to kill all the bacteria on a piece of equipment.
Sterilization is the removal or killing of all microbes.
Sterilization is the ultimate method of birth control.
Sterilization is the use of a physical or chemical procedure to destroy all forms of microbial life.
Sterilization is thorough and consistent.
Sterilization is usually irreversible.
Sterilization is verified by inoculating the infusion broth with samples of the medium.
Sterilization is voluntary with no imposition from anyone.
Sterilization is voluntary, abortion illegal.
Sterilization is when a man or woman has an operation to permanently prevent pregnancy.
Sterilization is wrong.
Sterilization is, generally resorted to for avoiding conception of a child.
Sterilization isa procedure.
Sterilization kills all viable microorganisms.
Sterilization provides no protection against sexually transmitted infections.
Sterilization provides no protection against the acquisition of sexually transmitted disease.
Sterilization reduces the number of diseased organisms and weeds present in the soil.
Sterilization removes all microorganisms, bacteria, and mycotic spores.
Sterilization requires exacting abdominal surgery and anesthesia, both of which carry health risks.
Sterilized pets are less likely to wander and get injured while looking for mates.
Sterilized pets behave better.
Sterilized pets wander less and suffer fewer mood changes.
Sterilizer testing is available on a weekly or monthly basis.
A sterilizer is a vessel
Sterilizer takes too long to switch off Too much water is being used.
Sterilizers belong to the class IIa group of medical devices.
Sterling ball tops with a V swivel which the crystal dangles from.
Sterling prices apply to customers in England, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa.
Sterling prices apply to customers in United Kingdom, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa.
Sterling silver earrwires.
Sterling silver is a stylish gift for any occasion.
Sterling silver is a wonderful choice.
Sterling silver is alloy.
Sterling silver is an alloy of silver and copper .
Sterling silver is metal
Sterling silver is silver.
Sterling silver is the standard for beautiful high-quality silver jewelry.
Sterling silver is too reactive a metal for body piercings.
Sterling silver is used for jewellery, silverware, etc. where appearance is paramount.
Sterling silver is used for jewelry and silverware, where appearance is important.
Sterling silver is used for jewelry, silverware, etc. where appearance is paramount.
Sterling silver is used widely for jewelry and elegant flatware.
Sterling silver rings with a wide range of sizes.
Sterling silver sculpted choker is included.
Sterling silver strands neatly separate and hold the lapidary work in place.
Sterling silver tuning pins or projecting mounts are also available.
Sterling also looks likely to fall against the euro, in the medium term.
Sterling also offers an associate of arts degree in resource management.
Sterling also offers an Associate of Arts Degree in Resource Management.
Sterling also works in association with key exhibition organisers.
Sterling appeals the district court's determinations.
Sterling becomes a ghost town.
Sterling blames most of residents' financial hardships on lack of affordable housing.
Sterling can also provide related document testing and certification services.
Sterling can locate available frequencies and map potential sites.
Sterling carries a wide array of products, sorted into the categories shown below.
Sterling cheques only.
Sterling considers customer service a priority.
Sterling continues for five miles along the highway.
Sterling continues today as an evangelical Presbyterian liberal arts college.
Sterling continues, however, But some media do, in fact, perish.
Sterling gets huffy.
Sterling Handle with stainless serving area.
Sterling has a natural talent for finding fossils, and a good eye.
Sterling has a number of alliances and sales arrangements.
Sterling has a proven operating expertise achieved over three decades.
Sterling has a worldwide sales network within North America, Asia and Europe.
Sterling has complete mail fulfillment capability for handling large-scale mail surveys.
Sterling has convenient access to local, regional and international airports.
Sterling has excess water capacity in amounts suitable for industrial users.
Sterling has five older sisters and one brother who passed away six years ago.
Sterling has it together . .
Sterling has much more to offer than basic engine testing.
Sterling has that power.
Sterling has the capability to supply a wide variety of optics and precision machined glass.
Sterling has the widest range of net sizes available.
Sterling holds Milo during a camping trip in New Mexico.
Sterling is a great driver.
Sterling is a highly skilled musician, songwriter, and composer.
Sterling is a major supplier of survey research to the hospitality industry.
Sterling is a private gated age qualified neighborhood of all single story homes.
Sterling is a progressive community eager to use the best that technology can offer.
Sterling is a very gentle boy, who is quiet and loves to be near people.
Sterling is able to hook poor people up with food, medicine, emergency shelter and clothes.
Sterling is also capable of assembly.
Sterling is an author and essayist of complex, often unpredictable convictions.
Sterling is an innovator in the area of outdoor billboards and mass transit advertising.
Sterling is an old one-industry town which, once upon a time, had a patriarch.
Sterling is based in Helena, Montana.
Sterling is competitive.
Sterling is credited for vocals, guitar, co-vocal on The Murder Mystery .
Sterling is determined to find out what really happened on that mission.
Sterling is discharged from liability on the check.
Sterling is excited about future prospects for the business.
Sterling is glad to accept the challenge of investigating the trouble.
Sterling is in pretty good shape.
Sterling is in white jerseys, with blue helmets.
Sterling is intimidated.
Sterling is located in Columbus, Ohio.
Sterling is made of silver and copper.
Sterling is money
Sterling is money.
Sterling is now the duke.
Sterling is one game back.
Sterling is quite malleable .
Sterling is quite malleable.
Sterling is still blue, but no longer a baby.
Sterling is the clinic cat.
Sterling is the county seat and is a major regional commercial center for northeastern Colorado.
Sterling is the most common example.
Sterling is the most common material used in the creation of authentic Indian jewelry.
Sterling is the preferred currency for donations.
Sterling is the primary material used for silver jewelry, giftware, holloware and flatware.
Sterling is too high against the euro for joining to be contemplated, it is said.
Sterling is two miles distant.
Sterling is, therefore, inapplicable.
Sterling laughs it off.
Sterling looks over at the electric pole and sure enough, the knife switch is off.
Sterling loves the status that a wealthy and respected businessman carries.
Sterling maintains memberships with several quality professional organizations.
Sterling makes snack foods and bakery products and uses a massive amount of heat during production.
Sterling manages competition photos in a unique manner.
Sterling needs to put together some defense.
Sterling offers lower co-payments for hospital stays and a nurse advice line.
Sterling operates on a rolling admissions basis.
Sterling operates stores in six states.
Sterling owns all parts removed from repaired portable computers.
Sterling plays on all the tracks.
Sterling prepares candidates for that market.
Sterling proves that science fiction still has a healthy sense of humor and self-deprecation.
Sterling provides full service market research from a single source.
Sterling provides integrated communications solutions for our clients throughout the world.
Sterling provides other standard research services.
Sterling purchases only the finest raw materials from throughout North America.
Sterling quantifies that risk to before changes are made.
Sterling remains strong compared to the euro, though it has weakened slightly in recent weeks.
Sterling remembers that season fondly.
Sterling requires live Internet access to work.
Sterling says photographs of paintings often present the most trouble for the production staff.
Sterling says, that's a two-person business, eligible for a group rate and a group policy.
Sterling SOLD Trips to France nearly always include Paris.
Sterling thinks there is a double standard at work.
Sterling trim with a snap shut closure.
Sterling understands how tentative power is, how fragile communities are.
Sterling writes well and paints a tantalizing picture of life centered around the vineyard.
Sterlings help to underwrite two important programs for the girls.
Stern drives are lower cost.
Most stern drives have at least one anode attached to the exterior of the lower unit.
Stern flaps are applicable to all classes of ships.
Stern ornamentation is gilded cast metal.
Stern pair refers to seats seven and eight.
Stern pins are available.
Stern pinball is usually pretty obscure to most people.
Stern strokes are stronger and more effective when maximum correction is needed.
Stern students are extremely cooperative.
Stern students speak from a unique position astride the professional and academic worlds.
Stern tip is designed for easy rudder attachment.
Stern trawlers are designed to operate in most weather conditions.
Stern trawlers have trawls which are deployed and retrieved from the stern.
A stern is a back
Sterns is too busy living life to regret it.
Some sterna have appendages.
Sternal head is the rest of the chest including middle and bottom of the muscle.
Sternum injuries are also common, probably due to collision with prey.
Sterna have (part) bone cells.
Sterna have (part) cell membranes.
Sterna have (part) corpi.
Sterna have (part) corpus sterna.
Sterna have (part) cytoplasm.
Sterna have (part) ground substances.
Sterna have (part) marrow.
Sterna have (part) mast cells.
Sterna have (part) nuclei.
Sterna have (part) plasma membranes.
Sterna have (part) sections.
Sterna have (part) vacuoles.
Sternum isa bone.
Most steroid counterfeiters are in the market to make big money fast.
A steroid hormone is a hormone
Steroid hormone binds to a receptor protein in cytoplasm, and migrates to the nucleus.
Steroid hormones are hormones.
Steroid hormones are secreted by adrenal cortexes.
Steroid hormones are secreted by adrenal glands.
Steroid hormones are secreted by cortexes.
Steroid hormones are secreted by glands.
Steroid hormones bind to receptors.
Steroid hormones increase growth.
Steroid hormones increase muscle growth.
Steroid hormones influence electrolyte excretion.
Steroid hormones influence excretion.
Steroid hormones lead to problems.
Steroid hormones pass into bloodstreams.
Steroid hormones play a vital role in maintenance of health.
Steroid hormones play roles.
Steroid hormones play vital roles.
Steroid hormones possess numerous activities.
Steroid hormones survive, as do dioxin's and antibiotics.
Steroid hormones survive, as do dioxins and antibiotics.
All steroid hormones work in the same fashion.
Most steroid hormones are secreted by adrenal cortexes.
Most steroid hormones are secreted by adrenal glands.
Most steroid hormones are secreted by cortexes.
Most steroid hormones are secreted by glands.
Most steroid hormones bind to receptors in the cell plasma membrane.
Most steroid hormones bind to receptors.
Most steroid hormones increase growth.
Most steroid hormones increase muscle growth.
Most steroid hormones lead to problems.
Most steroid hormones pass into bloodstreams.
Most steroid hormones play roles.
Most steroid hormones play vital roles.
Some steroid hormones act on kidneys.
Some steroid hormones act on tubules.
Some steroid hormones are produced by adrenal cortexes.
Some steroid hormones are produced by cortexes.
Some steroid hormones are produced by ovaries.
Some steroid hormones bind to cytoplasmic receptors, which then move into the nucleus.
Some steroid hormones derive from cholesterol.
Some steroid hormones enhance secretion.
Steroid injections are one form of treatment that is sometimes effective for backpain.
Steroid injections can decrease inflammation to spinal nerves and thereby reduce the pain.
Steroid injections can offer long-term pain relief.
Steroid injections can provide temporary comfort.
Steroid injections help short-term.
Steroid injections offer temporary relief, but almost never cure back problems.
Steroid medicine has a bitter taste.
Steroid receptors are proteins that have a binding site for a particular steroid .
Steroid receptors play an important role in treatment of breast cancer.
Most steroid tablets are enteric coated which irritate the stomach less.
Steroid treatment gives boy forehead hair .
Steroid use can also contribute to easy bruising and tearing of the skin.
Steroid use can become addictive.
Steroid use can cause emotional and psychological changes.
Steroid use is dangerous, especially for girls.
Steroid use is especially risky for teenagers.
Most steroid user prefer taking dianabol with other steroids, usually a testosterone.
Most steroid user prefer taking sustanon with other steroids, usually a deca durabolin and dianabol.
A steroid is an organic compound
Steroid assay by binding protein .
Steroid isa compound.
Steroids act as anti-inflammatory agents in the body.
Steroids act by reducing inflammation and are used in most types of eczema.
Steroids act directly on the inflammatory cells that cause inflammation in the lungs.
Steroids act like natural cortisol.
Steroids activate or inhibit specific genes which then alter the production of particular proteins.
Steroids actually enhance the baby's lung maturity.
Steroids affect activities.
Steroids affect men.
Steroids affect sex hormone activities.
Steroids affect the body by unbalancing the hormonal system, and can have serious side effects.
Steroids also blunt the immune response.
Steroids also can cause extremely aggressive behavior, drastic mood swings, and depression.
Steroids also have a weakening influence on the immune system.
Steroids also have effects on reducing sex hormones and reducing intestinal calcium absorption.
Steroids also have gender specific effects.
Steroids also have psychological and physiological effects on the user.
Steroids also help healing of wounds and reduce the loss of nitrogen in urine.
Steroids also increase appetite.
Steroids also work by decreasing inflammation.
Steroids appear to have no protective effect.
Steroids appear to increase protein production and so increases the size and strength of the muscle.
Steroids are a broad class of chemical compounds that includes vitamin D and estrogen.
Steroids are a class of chemical compounds that are important in chemistry, biology, and medicines.
Steroids are a controlled substance.
Steroids are a drug, and just like any other drug they can be misused.
Steroids are a family of drugs that our bodies normally produce in small amounts.
Steroids are a group of artificial compounds closely related to testosterone.
Steroids are a group of chemicals that occur naturally in the body in small amounts.
Steroids are a kind of growth hormones.
Steroids are a large and diverse group of substances.
Steroids are a product of cholesterol.
Steroids are a synthetic version of the human hormone called testosterone.
Steroids are a very suitable source for chiral liquid crystals.
Steroids are also anti-inflammatories.
Steroids are also available from online pharmacies and legit sources.
Steroids are also useful , as is viscous lidocaine .
Steroids are also useful, as is viscous lidocaine.
Steroids are also very hard to trace because of their water base composition.
Steroids are an important class of biologic compounds in the body.
Steroids are another class of lipids.
Steroids are another key group in the terpene category.
Steroids are another option for acute treatment.
Steroids are anti-inflammatory medications.
Steroids are available in both pill and liquid form for injection.
Steroids are available in tablet, injectable and cream forms.
Steroids are beneficial in many ways, but along with the good there is always a negative side.
Steroids are characterized by four interlocking carbohydrate rings.
Steroids are cheap in Mexico.
Steroids are chemical compounds made naturally by plants and animals.
Steroids are chemical derivatives of testosterone, the male sex hormone.
Steroids are chemicals that stimulate protein synthesis, building bigger muscles.
Steroids are close relatives of testosterone, the naturally occurring male hormone.
Steroids are common in both plants and animals.
Steroids are common performance-enhancing drugs that increase an athlete's strength and endurance.
Steroids are complex molecules based on a sterol group.
Steroids are complex proteins needed to control the bodies chemistry.
Steroids are compounds that circulate naturally in our bodies and our pets' bodies.
Steroids are compounds that have four rings fused together in a specific way.
Steroids are definitely safe when used in the lower dosage range.
Steroids are drugs which are often given with chemotherapy to help destroy the leukaemia cells.
Steroids are drugs which are often given with chemotherapy to help destroy the myeloma cells.
Steroids are extremely effective for relieving severe itching and inflammation.
Steroids are extremely safe and for many asthma patients an absolute necessity.
Steroids are fairly flat due to the fairly flat nature of a cyclohexane chair conformation.
Steroids are for people trying to gain an edge the short way and often the wrong way.
Steroids are generally effective at treating the inflammation that occurs with psoriasis.
Steroids are generally hormone pills which stimulate growth of muscles in the body.
Steroids are generally safe and effective.
Steroids are helpful for many conditions, such as asthma and arthritis.
Steroids are helpful in many conditions, such as asthma and arthritis.
Steroids are hormonal substances in animals, but they are components of membranes in most organisms.
Steroids are hormones that occur naturally in the body.
Steroids are hormones which stimulate growth and accelerate weight gain.
Steroids are hormones.
Steroids are hydrophobic molecules that can cross cell membranes.
Steroids are illegal to possess without a prescription from a licensed physician.
Steroids are immunosuppressive.
Steroids are important hormones and structural components of cell membranes.
Steroids are incredible drugs for certain diseases.
Steroids are like high fructose corn syrup.
Steroids are lipid soluble and cross plasma membranes readily.
Steroids are lipids in which the long carbon chain are bent and joined to form fused rings.
Steroids are lipids made of four fused carbon rings.
Steroids are lipids that have a special chemical structure .
Steroids are lipids that have a special chemical structure.
Steroids are lipids whose basic structure is that of four connected hydrocarbon rings.
Steroids are lipids with backbones bent into rings.
Steroids are lipids, as they are made up predominantly of hydrocarbon rings.
Steroids are lipids.
Steroids are medicine.
Steroids are medicines with very strong anti-inflammatory effects.
Steroids are natural androgens.
Steroids are never an alternative though.
Steroids are one type of molecule in the class of compounds known as lipids .
Steroids are organic compounds.
Steroids are poor immunosuppressive agents and weak inhibitors of antibody production.
Steroids are popular because they do work.
Steroids are potent drugs that mimic the action of natural hormones produced by the adrenal glands.
Steroids are potent medicines that can reduce inflammation.
Steroids are potent medicines, but in short courses they are generally well tolerated.
Steroids are powerful artificial or natural chemicals that are related to male hormones.
Steroids are powerful drugs with dangerous side-effects.
Steroids are relatively inexpensive.
Steroids are serious medicine, but asthma can be a serious disease.
Steroids are sometimes necessary to treat lupus.
Steroids are strong anti-inflammatories.
Steroids are strong prescription drugs with specific medical purposes.
Steroids are synthetic drugs that closely resemble cortisone, a naturally occurring hormone.
Steroids are synthetic forms of the male sex hormone testosterone.
Steroids are the main therapy for certain diseases.
Steroids are the most effective anti-inflammatory drugs used for asthma treatment.
Steroids are the only treatment currently used and results are inconclusive as to their benefit.
Steroids are the treatment of choice.
Steroids are unsuitable long term because of side effects.
Steroids are use to build muscle bulk and increase a person's strength.
Steroids are used by athletes.
Steroids are useful in polyarteritis.
Steroids are very dangerous and can cause great problems.
Steroids are very dangerous especially if used long term.
Steroids are very effective in decreasing swelling and inflammation in the body.
Steroids are very important in maintaining the body's normal structure and function.
Steroids artificially depress one's immune system.
Steroids become mandatory.
Steroids blast the fat away and act as a body-shaper.
Steroids can actually increase the spread of infection by inhibiting connective tissue formation.
Steroids can affect sexual drive and function.
Steroids can also affect ones mood and can cause alterations in affect.
Steroids can also affect the mind.
Steroids can also alter the normal course of puberty.
Steroids can also cause sleep problems.
Steroids can also have effects on the muscles causing weakness and a similar condition to myositis.
Steroids can also negatively impact immunity.
Steroids can alter the dispersion rate of bruising.
Steroids can appear in breast milk.
Steroids can be anabolic and catabolic.
Steroids can cause a multitude of serious adverse side effects.
Steroids can cause an abnormal decrease in the lymphocyte account.
Steroids can cause breast enlargement and sterility, and can stunt a young man's growth.
Steroids can cause glaucoma, cataracts and diabetes.
Steroids can cause insulin resistance .
Steroids can cause many side effects, especially in high doses.
Steroids can cause or worsen acne on both the face and back.
Steroids can cause permanent, severe and damaging side effects.
Steroids can cause some weakness.
Steroids can cause suppression of the adrenal glands, and an increase risk for heart disease.
Steroids can cause the skeletal system to prematurely stop growth.
Steroids can damage many body organs, including the liver, heart and kidneys.
Steroids can even cause terminal conditions leading to death.
Steroids can have many different and adverse reactions with the human body.
Steroids can help reduce inflammation but do nothing to fight the virus itself.
Steroids can help relieve the inflammation.
Steroids can impair the immune system when used in high doses.
Steroids can impair the kidneys leading to kidney stones and kidney disease.
Steroids can increase bone thinning but in certain cases are beneficial to pbc.
Steroids can increase eye pressure gradually in some people, but that's an open angle type glaucoma.
Steroids can increase muscle mass.
Steroids can permanently stunt the growth of adolescents.
Steroids can sometimes help slow the progression of the disorders.
Steroids can stunt growth.
Steroids can treat the condition, and the vision is the unaffected eye can often be saved.
Steroids cause damage.
Steroids cause liver damage.
Steroids cause restlessness and sleeplessness.
Steroids cause sex-specific side effects in women.
Steroids clearly do control asthma.
Steroids come in tablet and liquid forms, and are taken orally or injected into muscle.
Steroids come in two forms, either injectable or as tablets which are swallowed.
Steroids come in two forms, either injectable or oral.
Steroids control the swelling due to accumulation of fluids associated with brain tumors.
Steroids control the swelling due to accumulation of fluids associated with spinal tumors.
Steroids debunks common misconceptions about assertiveness just minutes into the seminar.
Steroids describe health consequences of steroid use.
Steroids differ from one another in the structure of various side chains and additional rings.
Steroids do a great job in making people feel better.
Steroids do appear in breast milk.
Steroids do appear to increase muscle mass, strength, and endurance.
Steroids do help stop the spread of the rash.
Steroids do help the swelling which can cause a lot of symptoms by itself.
Steroids dramatically alter a woman's shape and appearance.
Steroids effect the body in many different ways.
Steroids enhance the renal toxicity of edetate calcium disodium in animals.
Steroids enter bloodstreams.
Steroids fail to aid diseased smokers.
Steroids freeze the growth center and trick the body into thinking they're old.
Steroids generally accelerate the aging process.
Steroids generally work by decreasing inflammation.
Steroids given at the same time make the problem worse.
Steroids have a basic structure of four fused rings of carbon atoms.
Steroids have a wide range of activity and effect several different systems within the body.
Steroids have anti-inflammatory properties and cause profound and varied metabolic effects.
Steroids have backbone structures.
Steroids have effects.
Steroids have limited benefit in avian species, and topical preparations are also dangerous.
Steroids have many different uses, including to prevent the rejection of transplanted organs.
Steroids have many known harmful, even deadly, side effects.
Steroids have mixed blessings.
Steroids have numerous negative side effects, most of which are listed below.
Steroids have side effects ranging from insomnia to death.
Steroids have structures.
Steroids have their drawbacks.
Steroids help to increase muscle mass and body strength.
Steroids help to reduce the inflammation associated with an allergic reaction.
Steroids help to relieve allergy symptoms.
Steroids improve the level of performance.
Steroids increase blood pressure and blood sugar.
Steroids increase growth.
Steroids increase muscle growth.
Steroids inhibit collagen capsule formation and also inhibit migration of leucocytes.
Steroids interfere with wound healing, so it is always a double edged sword.
Steroids irritate the lining of the stomach and gullet and often cause quite severe indigestion.
Steroids Learn about what steroids are and there affect on individuals.
Steroids make the player move faster , as well as removing the effects of the shrink-ray .
Steroids make the player move faster, as well as removing the effects of the shrink-ray.
Steroids make up an important part of living things.
Steroids make up the major part of uveitis treatment.
Steroids mentally destroy the brain and ability to reason.
Steroids penetrate the barrier.
Steroids perpetuate allergy through their suppressive action.
Steroids physically deteriorate and mentally destroy the body.
Steroids pose serious risks to both physical and psychological health.
Steroids prescribed by primary care doctors can also help prevent allergies from breaking out.
Steroids prevent white blood cells from carrying out their normal defense functions.
Steroids promote development.
Steroids reduce antibody production by the immune system.
Steroids reduce inflammation, improve appetite, and improve general well-being.
Steroids reduce swelling by controlling the release of fluids from vessels to surrounding tissues.
Steroids reduce the gastrointestinal and genitourinary tract obstructions.
Steroids reduce the inflammation.
Steroids reduce the irritation and lessen the swelling of the sac.
Steroids reduce the production of inflammatory chemicals in order to minimize tissue damage.
Steroids render the playing field even less level.
Steroids seem to be a temporary solution.
Steroids simulate testosterone's muscle-building abilities, and are taken orally or injected.
Steroids sound a little bit scary.
Steroids speed their disappearance.
Steroids stimulate growth.
Steroids stimulate muscle growth.
Steroids stimulate secretion by insect Malpighian tubules.
Steroids stop inflammation and frequently cause regression of the chalazion within a few weeks.
Steroids suppress immune responses.
Steroids suppress responses.
Steroids suppress the body's normal response to stress.
Steroids taken by mouth have side-effects.
Steroids tend to be psychologically addictive.
Steroids tend to cause weight gain and mood swings, and they suppress the immune system.
Steroids tend to have only temporary benefit and have numerous potential side effects.
Steroids tend to increase appetite, and there is usually some weight gain at higher doses.
Steroids treat the basis of inflammation that causes asthma.
Steroids vastly increase the raw work capacity, period.
Steroids work by decreasing inflammation and reducing the activity of the immune system.
Steroids work by mimicking the action of the body's own hormones to help control inflammation.
Steroids work well in treating asthma, but they provide a sledgehammer approach to therapy.
Steroids work, perhaps too well.
Steroids often help a dog to feel better before they have really had sufficient time to heal.
Steroids often produce rapid improvement.
Steroids usually have no net charge or charged functional groups.
All steroids act inside the cell.
All steroids consist of four interlocking rings.
All steroids contain a tetracyclic ring system.
All steroids have anabolic and androgenic effects.
All steroids possess the same general shape.
Most steroids affect activities.
Most steroids affect men.
Most steroids affect sex hormone activities.
Most steroids are alcohols.
Most steroids are hormones and affect body processes such as the overcoming of inflammation.
Most steroids are used by athletes.
Most steroids cause damage.
Most steroids cause liver damage.
Most steroids enter bloodstreams.
Most steroids have backbone structures.
Most steroids have effects.
Most steroids have structures.
Most steroids increase growth.
Most steroids increase muscle growth.
Most steroids promote development.
Most steroids require a prescription.
Most steroids stimulate growth.
Most steroids stimulate muscle growth.
Most steroids suppress immune responses.
Some steroids are produced by ovaries.
Some steroids are very important as the hormones in an animal.
Some steroids come in tablet form, while others are injected into the muscle.
Some steroids inhibit bone growth.
Some steroids inhibit growth.
Some steroids interfere with progesterone secretion.
Some steroids interfere with secretion.
Some steroids occur naturally in the body, such as cortisol, sex hormones, bile acids.
Some steroids stimulate development.
Steroidal medications are the greatest tragedy to be foisted upon the unwitting hayfever sufferer.
Steroidlike activity requires conformational restriction and possibly hydroxylation.
Sterol balance is the flux of sterol through the body.
Sterol esters are similar to cholesterol, which is found in meat and dairy products.
Sterol synthesis is one of the major therapeutic target in the control of heart disease.
A sterol is a steroid
A sterol is alcohol
Sterols also play an important role in the regulation of membrane fluidity.
Sterols are alcohol.
Sterols are biologically more active when they contain sterolins and are absorbed more efficiently.
Sterols are essential for several physiological processes in most eukaryotes.
Sterols are fat compounds with no calories, such as alcohol.
Sterols are steroids.
Sterols are the group of compounds found throughout nature, with many vital biological functions.
Sterols contain chemical classes of substances that have various effects.
Sterols form one of the most diverse families of organic molecules in nature.
Sterols have a backbone of four carbon rings, but no fatty acids.
Sterols resembling ergosterol and cholesterol are also present in yerba mate.
Stertor is noisy breathing that occurs during inhalation.
Stertorous breathing is common as facial swelling impinges on the nares.
A stethoscope is an instrument
Stethoscope is equipped with chrome-plated brass binaural and stem.
Stethoscope isa instrument.
Stethoscope tubing Keep tubing from skin, cover with cotton batting, stockinette.
Stethoscopes are an instrument to listen to our hearts.
Stethoscopes are cold.
Stethoscopes are devices.
Stethoscopes are located in doctors.
Stethoscopes are medical devices.
Stethoscopes are tools.
Stethoscopes carry disease from one patient to the other.
Stethoscopes have (part) sections.
Stethoscopes Take a look at some of the first stethoscopes.
Stethoscopic examination is required.
Steve hand selects quality grades of lumber to craft each piece.
A stevedore is a laborer
Stevedores are laborers.
Stevedores bear burdens on their backs and mothers bear children.
Stevedores handle only dry cargo of bulk, break bulk and containerized type.
Stevedores have to work long hours with inadequate rest and reduced manning.
Stevia extract Push the tea bags into the seltzer water and put the cap back on.
A stevia is a herb
Stevia can replace sugar in the diet.
Stevia comes from a shrub native to Paraguay, Stevia rebaudiana.
Stevia comes in a powder or liquid form.
Stevia comes in several forms, each with a slightly different flavor.
Stevia grows naturally on infertile, sandy acid soils with shallow water tables.
Stevia is a Brazilian shrub also cultivated in the orient and used in many countries as a sweetener.
Stevia is a good low-calorie replacement for diabetics and the general population.
Stevia is a natural sweetner derived from a compound plant.
Stevia is a naturally sweet and calorie-free leafy green herb that is many times sweeter than sugar.
Stevia is a naturally sweet, calorie-free enhance.
Stevia is a nutritious herb and is especially helpful in nourishing the pancreas.
Stevia is a plant native to South America and is now grown and cultivated throughout the world.
Stevia is a safe herbal sweetener.
Stevia is a safe, all-natural alternative to artificial sweetners and refined sugar in the diet.
Stevia is a safe, all-natural alternative to sugar and artificial sweeteners.
Stevia is a subject which always generates many questions, for a number of reasons.
Stevia is a wonderful sugar substitute.
Stevia is added as a sweetener.
Stevia is also an aid in weight management because it inhibits glucose absorption.
Stevia is also non- patentable, another undesirable feature for the drug barons.
Stevia is also non-patentable, another undesirable feature for the drug barons.
Stevia is an economical natural sweetener with virtually no calories or aftertaste.
Stevia is an effective aid in regulating blood sugar and helps bring it to a normal balance.
Stevia is an herb native to Latin America.
Stevia is an herb native to South America.
Stevia is an herb that is naturally sweet but very different in taste and texture than sugar.
Stevia is available in several forms, the less refined being the most healthful.
Stevia is available in several forms.
Stevia is extraordinarily sweet, and often used as an alternative to sugar.
Stevia is good, too, but it's expensive.
Stevia is grown in China as well as Paraguay and Brazil.
Stevia is here.
Stevia is just one of the more popular ones.
Stevia is legal for use as a dietary supplement.
Stevia is much sweeter than sugar and has none of sugar's unhealthy drawbacks.
Stevia is native to Paraguay.
Stevia is one of the most health restoring plants on earth.
Stevia is one of the most health restoring plants on the Earth.
Stevia is only for use as a dietary supplement.
Stevia is related to lettuce, marigold and chicory.
Stevia is sold as a liquid or as powder and can be found in local health food stores.
Stevia is the most desirable sweetener.
Stevia is the safe, natural, super sweet herb from South America.
Stevia is the sweetener of the future.
Stevia is thirty times sweeter than sugar with no calories or nutrients.
Stevia is too expensive.
Stevia is used all over the world as a sweetener for soda, candy and other foods.
Stevia likes heat and can be grown as a perennial in frost-free areas.
Stevia prefers full sun to part shade.
Stevia produces attractive flowers in the cool months in South Florida.
Stevias are herbs.
Stevias are plants.
Stevias are sugar substitutes.
Stevie fans are among the most loving, caring people in the world.
Some stew beef cuts into cm cubes.
Some stew beef cuts into cubes.
All stew meat is, is cut up chuck roasts.
Stew has (part) sauces.
Stew has (part) sections.
Stew is agitation
Stew is dishs.
Stew is located in pots.
Stew is made of vegetables.
Stew is soup.
Stew isa nourishment.
Stew isa sustenance.
Stew makes with meat.
Stews also vary in terms of what cooks use for thickening.
Stews are also great because they can be kept for up to a week, and taste better with reheating.
Stews are also great in crockpots and slow cookers.
Stews are for winter.
Stews are out, cuisine is in.
Stews are popular, and stews tend to get better the longer they simmer.
Stews are referred to as jjigae , and are often a shared side dish.
Stews loom large in the Puerto Rican diet.
Most stew is made of vegetables.
Most stew makes with meat.
Some stew contains cobs.
Some stew contains corn cobs.
Some stew helps even meals.
Some stew helps meals.
Some stew includes water.
Some stew makes with noodles.
Some stews only require the water and the herbs.
Steward selection is exclusively an internal union matter.
A steward is a fiduciary
Steward isa individual.
Steward isa person.
Steward isa somebody.
Steward isa someone.
Stewards also assist in the officers' dining room.
Stewards also receive outreach materials and information about grants and events.
Stewards are a key part of that enforcement.
Stewards are also active in public education and outreach activities.
Stewards are always around if needed.
Stewards are asset managers.
Stewards are attendants.
Stewards are better.
Stewards are both caretakers of and advocates for the archaeological record.
Stewards are either faithful or unfaithful.
Stewards are fiduciaries.
Stewards are flight attendants.
Stewards are involved in planning committees and community outreach.
Stewards are like deputies in the old movie westerns.
Stewards are much like bank tellers or portfolio managers.
Stewards are officers.
Stewards are responsible for proposing appropriate policy changes when the data environment changes.
Stewards are responsible for the content in designated topic areas.
Stewards are still able to intervene if there is an unlikely emergency.
Stewards are the central figures for mobilizing the members.
Stewards are the direct line between the membership and the International office.
Stewards are the eyes and ears of the union in the shop.
Stewards are the front line of the union.
Stewards are the key to building a strong, democratic labor movement.
Stewards are the union's everyday warriors, fighting for our rights in the workplace.
Stewards are the union's eyes, ears and voice in the workplace.
Stewards are usually part of the workforce they represent.
Stewards attend membership and stewards council meetings and occasional state meetings.
Stewards can focus on a problem and get everyone involved in finding a solution.
Stewards can give sysop right on projects where there are no local bureaucrate.
Stewards can help fight privatization at every stage of the process.
Stewards develop an eye for detecting the health of an ecosystem.
Stewards develop trail rules that define permitted uses.
Stewards engage in political action in support of all legitimate poor people's rights.
Stewards enter and exit frequently with food and wine.
Stewards fight to improve the lives of members every day.
Stewards gather baggage and bedding.
Stewards get credit.
Stewards have (part) arms.
Stewards have (part) body substances.
Stewards have (part) cell membranes.
Stewards have (part) cells.
Stewards have (part) corpi.
Stewards have (part) cytoplasm.
Stewards have (part) heads.
Stewards have (part) human bodies.
Stewards have (part) legs.
Stewards have (part) material bodies.
Stewards have (part) necks.
Stewards have (part) nuclei.
Stewards have (part) personality.
Stewards have (part) plasma membranes.
Stewards have (part) sections.
Stewards have (part) vacuoles.
Stewards have a lot of responsibility enforcing the contract.
Stewards have an immeasurable impact on the members faith and belief in the union.
Stewards have an important part to play.
Stewards have more exposure to the issues because they re more active.
Stewards keep order on the ring and a disc jockey runs each session.
Stewards provide personalized cabin service, fresh linens and complimentary laundry twice each day.
Stewards receive their meals at camp free as compensation.
Stewards regularly receive bulletin board packets from the union.
Stewards represent their departments to the union and the union to their departments.
Stewards serve and comfort the distressed and the needy.
Stewards think about percentages.
Stewards uphold one victor and take down another.
Stewards walk around smoking while planes take off and land.
Stewards work a full-time job and then take on their union responsibilities.
Stewards work directly with teachers and students at schools.
Stewards often can enjoy the things they manage.
All stewards pay their own travel expenses and volunteer their time.
Many stewards do the basic work of grievance preparation.
Most stewards get credit.
Some stewards become amateur boxers.
Some stewards become boxers.
Some stewards become coaches.
Some stewards become part time coaches.
Some stewards begin amateur box careers.
Some stewards begin careers.
Some stewards consider impact.
Some stewards have stables.
Some stewards like to be friendly.
Some stewards use a three binder system.
A stewardess is a flight attendant
Stewardess asks over the P.A. if there are any doctors aboard.
Stewardess distributes in-flight confection.
Stewardess seeks friends.
Stewardesses are flight attendants.
Stewardesses are located in airports.
Stewardesses are now flight attendants.
Stewardesses are stewards.
Stewardesses collapse in the aisles and passengers loll dead in their seats.
Stewardesses deliver canap s to the suites before dinner.
Stewardesses do it in the air.
Stewardesses dress in cleavage revealing uniforms.
Stewardesses have the lowest divorce rate among working women.
Stewardesses is one of the longest words typed with only the left hand.
Stewardesses is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
Stewardesses is the longest word typed using only the left hand.
Stewardesses is the longest word typed with only the left hand.
Stewardesses prepare for an early arrival.
A stewardship is a position
Stewardship affects the bottom line.
Stewardship also means using natural resources efficiently.
Stewardship attempts to bring the donor into a more intimate relationship with the university.
Stewardship Become a good steward of all resources.
Stewardship begins with loving.
Stewardship begins with salvation, the gift of eternal life.
Stewardship builds happy, healthy families.
Stewardship can be more than an act.
Stewardship can be tutoring, working in the library, working with a special program, etc.
Stewardship can change the spiritual lives of both individuals and the parish as a whole.
Stewardship can never be 'implemented' through policy and politics.
Stewardship encompasses all of life.
Stewardship encourages policies that regard government information as a public good.
Stewardship entails more than the safeguarding of net assets.
Stewardship expresses spirituality.
Stewardship flows from respect and reverence for life.
Stewardship get on board.
Stewardship gives valuable experience.
Stewardship goes beyond the giving of money.
Stewardship has many facets.
Stewardship has more value to the enterprise than ownership.
Stewardship has much greater consequences now than ever before.
Stewardship holds it all in an outstretched, open hand.
Stewardship illuminates the relationship between political values and economic viability.
Stewardship implies personal acceptance of responsibility.
Stewardship includes creating a safe environment.
Stewardship includes it.
Stewardship includes our talents, our time, our gifts and our service.
Stewardship invites a broad perspective.
Stewardship involves committing one's heart.
Stewardship involves embracing, enjoying, sharing and giving.
Stewardship involves having care for and promoting the conservation of the archaeological record.
Stewardship involves intentional, planned and proportionate giving of time, talent and treasure.
Stewardship involves lifestyle.
Stewardship involves making efficient use of our resources including money.
Stewardship involves personal commitment to meeting needs.
Stewardship involves planning.
Stewardship involves the wise use of money and the proper delivery of service.
Stewardship involves using resources wisely.
Stewardship involves what a person is as well as what a person does.
Stewardship is a call to discipleship requiring a conversion of heart.
Stewardship is a choice.
Stewardship is a Christian virtue and all who worship here are invited to practice it.
Stewardship is a complex idea that permeates every aspect of our lives.
Stewardship is a discipline.
Stewardship is a form of discipleship.
Stewardship is a form, or an extension, of steward, the synonym for which is manager.
Stewardship is a higher calling.
Stewardship is a journey.
Stewardship is a lifestyle characterized by selfless acts of charity and service.
Stewardship is a matter of growth and maturity.
Stewardship is a matter of the heart.
Stewardship is a necessary component of effective long-term land management.
Stewardship is a personal thing.
Stewardship is a positive way of life.
Stewardship is a priority.
Stewardship is a rather broad concept.
Stewardship is a spiritual concern, as well as a financial one.
Stewardship is a strong element in all family businesses that endure.
Stewardship is a total concept embracing all areas of life.
Stewardship is a total life-style.
Stewardship is a very important matter, especially when it comes to cookies.
Stewardship is a very important part of church life and community.
Stewardship is a vital aspect of protecting biodiversity in the Watershed.
Stewardship is a way of life embracing all areas of life.
Stewardship is a way of life.
Stewardship is a year round process.
Stewardship is about giving it all up a.
Stewardship is about joy and thanksgiving and relishing a life made new.
Stewardship is about life.
Stewardship is about making choices as individuals and as a community of faith.
Stewardship is about priorities.
Stewardship is about putting discipleship in action.
Stewardship is about responsibility.
Stewardship IS about spiritual discipline.
Stewardship is addressed through efficient consolidation of resources.
Stewardship is always a test of the sincerity of our faith.
Stewardship is an attitude.
Stewardship is an ethic of care and responsible action.
Stewardship is an integral part of that journey.
Stewardship is an integrity issue.
Stewardship is another quality within a vibrant community.
Stewardship is another value which, like hospitality, captures the essence of Benedictine life.
Stewardship is appropriate for all seasons of the year.
Stewardship is as essential to conservation as water is to all living things.
Stewardship is concerned with our time, our talent and our treasure.
Stewardship is discussed in more detail below.
Stewardship is distorted when theology becomes unbiblical.
Stewardship is encouraged through service to the community.
Stewardship is every congregation's primary responsibility.
Stewardship is evidence of an inward spirituality and reality.
Stewardship is good experience - very good.
Stewardship is implicit with our dominion.
Stewardship is important.
Stewardship is influenced by time and culture.
Stewardship is Lordship.
Stewardship is ministry.
Stewardship is more than just better data and more information.
Stewardship is more than money.
Stewardship is more than possessions.
Stewardship is more that just writing checks.
Stewardship is much more than a money issue.
Stewardship is much more than money.
Stewardship is often only a vague term to cover covetous claims beyond specific charity.
Stewardship is our responsibility.
Stewardship is part of public service.
Stewardship is part of that learning, and indeed, money is the least important part.
Stewardship is prayer, no more and no less, and that is transformative.
Stewardship is prayer.
Stewardship is profoundly ethical, profoundly loving and profoundly spiritual.
Stewardship is protected by the law and guaranteed by the contract.
Stewardship is rooted in creation, focused in covenant, and accounted for in consummation.
Stewardship is shared accountability which is fueled by a shared commitment to service.
Stewardship is simple.
Stewardship is something that society needs to embrace.
Stewardship is stressed.
Stewardship is the careful and responsible management of something entrusted to one's care.
Stewardship is the Christian way of life.
Stewardship is the complement to Play.
Stewardship is the faithful and responsible management of something that belongs to someone else.
Stewardship is the foundation of sustainable forestry and future productivity.
Stewardship is the future of Virginia's forests.
Stewardship is the lifestyle of Christian discipleship.
Stewardship is the manner in which a person cherishes and utilizes one's gifts.
Stewardship is the most basic of all biblical concepts about material things.
Stewardship is the most fundamental concept in our theological tool box.
Stewardship is the proper and profitable management of that with which a person is entrusted.
Stewardship is the responsibility of caring for that which belongs to another.
Stewardship is the result of trying to live in right relationships.
Stewardship is the term used to describe the long-term needs of the site after closure.
Stewardship is the ultimate goal to prepare leaders.
Stewardship is the unifying principle of the progressive causes.
Stewardship is to hold something in trust for another.
Stewardship is transformative.
Stewardship is used here to underscore the Indian nations rootedness in the land.
Stewardship is what Westmorelanders do to support the church.
Stewardship lies at the heart of our faith and moral life.
Stewardship means . . .
Stewardship means a whole different way of thinking.
Stewardship means wise use of forest resources.
Stewardship needs mission.
Stewardship needs to be taught in the family - by example and by word.
Stewardship needs to occur with sense of equity and equality.
Stewardship needs to take place in the midst of worship.
Stewardship obviously relates to our money.
Stewardship presents a creative challenge.
Stewardship raises people.
Stewardship really begins after the tithe.
Stewardship recognizes that each donor is unique.
Stewardship refers to community-based initiatives that promote sustainable salmon populations.
Stewardship reflects a very positive response from the congregation.
Stewardship represents the journey from self-centredness to love .
Stewardship requires responsibility.
Stewardship requires wise, prudent and creative use of all our resources.
Stewardship runs in families.
Stewardship starts with awareness and interest, and continues with involvement.
Stewardship starts with the individual.
Stewardship still has meaning and is a local value.
Stewardship takes many forms, but in essence, it's an ethic.
Stewardship takes place through the family and for the family.
Stewardship takes planning and resources.
Stewardships are positions.
Stewed apples make a fine laxative.
Stewed burbot is really delicious.
Stewed chicken is made sort of like like gumbo, but with bigger pieces of chicken and less broth.
Stewed meats require full-bodied reds.
Stewed rhubarb is used as a side dish or a dessert.
Stewing is agitation.
Stewval soils are calcareous throughout.
Stewval soils are loamy-skeletal and have an aridic moisture regime that borders on xeric.
Stewval soils have a lithic contact.
Stewval soils have calcium carbonate throughout.
Sthenic diseases are opposed to diseases of debility, or asthenic diseases.
Stick blenders are a blessing and do save a lot of time if used just for a minute or two.
A stick figure is a drawing
Stick figures climb up a ladder that leads to a diving board.
A stick insect is an insect
Stick insects eat leaves.
Stick insects eat vegetables.
Stick insects have wings.
Stick insects make fascinating pets.
All stick insects are vegetarian.
Many stick insects are easy to care for , and make good pets .
Many stick insects are easy to care for, and make good pets.
Most stick insects are tropical and nocturnal.
Most stick insects eat leaves.
Most stick insects eat vegetables.
Most stick insects have wings.
Some stick insects inhabit cooler temperate regions where they overwinter as eggs.
Some stick insects look like twigs.
Stick people are easy, fun and effective.
A stick shift is a transmission system
Any stick shift requires three legs but most people have only two to cope with stick shifts.
A stick is an implement
Stick advances by turning twist up knob.
Stick blades in the face.
Stick branches back on the tree.
Stick isa stem.
Stick marshmallows on top of rods.
Stick pins in it, press it, mold it, use it for making slip covers too.
Stick pretzels underneath to form the legs.
Stick sleeves up under the gloves.
Stick turns in bottom-hand grip.
Sticks also produce thatch and basket materials.
Sticks are also easier to apply to the face.
Sticks are arms.
Sticks are available for an additional fee.
Sticks are butters.
Sticks are carbon atom bonds.
Sticks are collected by the male and arranged by the female, and stick-stealing is rife.
Sticks are considered excellent firestarters.
Sticks are implements.
Sticks are just details that slow down the process of mowing the yard.
Sticks are levers.
Sticks are limbs.
Sticks are located in forests.
Sticks are located in grass.
Sticks are located in mud.
Sticks are located in trees.
Sticks are located in wood.
Sticks are located in yards.
Sticks are made of wood.
Sticks are margarines.
Sticks are ok too.
Sticks are part of ice hockeys.
Sticks are people.
Sticks are pounded on boards lying on the ground in front of the players.
Sticks are punishment.
Sticks are sports equipment.
Sticks are the currency of the colony.
Sticks are trees and leaves are grass.
Sticks are used for a variety of purposes.
Sticks are used for beating.
Sticks are used for fuel.
Sticks are used for hitting.
Sticks are used for support.
Sticks become bridges and trees.
Sticks bounce when they hit a cymbal.
Sticks can also stop the blade from turning, so picking up debris first is recommended.
Sticks can be any length.
Sticks can be great toys.
Sticks can be unusually knotty, fractured, warped or with rotten spots.
Sticks collect and distribute small point loads with some welcome redundancy.
Sticks do that after awhile, talk back.
Sticks float in water.
Sticks fly as well as unladylike insults.
Sticks fly high from one end of the table to the other.
Sticks have (part) bark.
Sticks have (part) corpi.
Sticks have (part) leaf nodes.
Sticks have (part) sections.
Sticks have features.
Sticks have several different features.
Sticks have several features.
Sticks have shadows.
Sticks have strength.
Sticks is a bit of an action game, but it also requires and trains good visual memory.
Sticks is armed with handmade weapons most of the time.
Sticks is defined as energenic, and primitive.
Sticks is set to appear in the TV Series as a main character.
Sticks make good windshield wipers.
Sticks placed in deep, near vertical forks result in cylindrical or conical nests.
Sticks placed in tree forks result in cylindrical or conical shaped nests.
Sticks Requires the end of a hollow shatf to be adequately covered.
Sticks shown are rattan.
Sticks snap, leaves crunch.
Sticks vinyl to vinyl.
All stick tapping is forehand, on the beat, stepping all the time.
All sticks are in hickory except when noted.
All sticks are in hickory.
All sticks are twelve inches in length and burn for approximately one hour.
All sticks listed are uncracked unless noted.
Every stick has holes in it, and.
Every stick has two ends.
Every stick is unique.
Every stick is weightpaired into groups in intervals of max.
Most sticks float in water.
Most sticks have features.
Most sticks have several different features.
Most sticks have several features.
Most sticks have shadows.
Most sticks have strength.
Some stick insects species seem to have indeed eliminated all males from their species.
Some sticks are made for certain instruments .
Some sticks are made for certain instruments.
Some sticks contain a piezometer and manometer to average the pulsations in the head reading.
Some sticks have components.
Some sticks seem to last forever, while others are used up quickly.
Some sticks then logs, crackling in the twilight.
Sticker art is a great activity for the car.
Sticker photos are a good example.
Sticker photos are instant photos printed on sticker-based material.
Sticker price is the tuition and fees that institutions charge.
Sticker price is way too high.
Sticker shock is a way of life out here.
Sticker shock is less a problem today as systems and component prices continue to drop.
Sticker shock is one reason for the enrollment decline.
Sticker shock remains a major hurdle for fly-fishing newcomers.
Sticker shock seems to be a big factor in how much testing is being done.
A sticker is a problem
Sticker lifts off to reveal welcoming message.
Stickers allow air movement through the pile and prevent warping.
Stickers also help bring a theme to life.
Stickers are a great idea.
Stickers are a low cost, high exposure, multi-purpose promotional tool.
Stickers are adjuvants that aid in the attachment of a chemical to a surface.
Stickers are adjuvants that cause the herbicide to adhere to the plant foliage.
Stickers are available at customs stations, service stations and post offices.
Stickers are available at either of the campus parking offices.
Stickers are available at many local vendors.
Stickers are available at the Water District office to exempt eligible taxpayers.
Stickers are available for a small fee.
Stickers are available for distribution to participating students.
Stickers are available for motorcycles.
Stickers are available from Purchasing.
Stickers are available in the principal's office.
Stickers are available that use adhesive that is very difficult to remove from glass.
Stickers are available through the church office.
Stickers are available to clearly document the results of the testing.
Stickers are clean.
Stickers are color-coded according to the size of the item.
Stickers are color-coded, so tallying the results is a snap.
Stickers are equally cool.
Stickers are exterior durable.
Stickers are extremely scarce.
Stickers are free of charge.
Stickers are FREE with any order, or send an SASE and get some for FREE that way.
Stickers are fun for everyone.
Stickers are good for two years.
Stickers are good.
Stickers are great for group events.
Stickers are great fun to add to personalized wrappers.
Stickers are great.
Stickers are meaningless without education c.
Stickers are on cars all over campus.
Stickers are only valid for one day.
Stickers are outdoor grade vinyl and come with transfer tape on the face of the stickers.
Stickers are pretty much permanent.
Stickers are pro-rated throughout the year.
Stickers are reusable.
Stickers are to be affixed to the left section of the rear bumper.
Stickers are to be attached to the back of the rearview mirror.
Stickers are to be placed on the driver's side rear bumper.
Stickers are to be placed on the riders' route cards in the space provided.
Stickers are unacceptable.
Stickers are valid at all six public town beaches.
Stickers are velcro-hooked to use with flannel boards.
Stickers are very clean.
Stickers are very popular decorative items for little girls who like to dress up their notebooks.
Stickers attached to each machine give information about obtaining refunds.
Stickers can add up very quickly.
Stickers can also create interesting patterns.
Stickers can be a fun incentive.
Stickers can draw attention to a particular food.
Stickers can even sit on the top of a photograph.
Stickers can tell a little story in a panel.
Stickers carry short messages for reinforcing the vital information .
Stickers come in a wide range of sizes, shapes, and colors.
Stickers come in various sizes that fill one or more grid squares.
Stickers come off of many things with oil.
Stickers create great titles.
Stickers enhance nutrition.
Stickers enhance the overall design, highlighting the theme or event portrayed on the page.
Stickers follow the same basic pattern.
Stickers go to people who become members and to be a member click here to find out what it takes.
Stickers help nodule forming bacteria adhere to seed.
Stickers make clear the penalties for such action.
Stickers make up the core of any fleet.
Stickers placed on skis helps deter theft.
Stickers represent industry, mass communication and easy access.
Stickers sell for a buck apiece at most punk-rock shows.
Stickers show previous years visited.
Stickers used in connection with the five year plate are available from Enterprises.
Stickers work well for very young children as there is no cutting or tearing of tape involved.
All stickers are black and white on vinyl unless specified otherwise.
All stickers are black lettering on white background.
All stickers are black with white text.
All stickers are reusable.
All stickers are water-proof.
Every sticker has a message.
Every sticker has a name, description, and point value.
Many stickers have been used, most remain unused.
More stickers is better.
Some stickers are decorative images.
Some stickers contain interactive games that are both fun and educational.
Stickies Add new colors for the notes.
Stickies affect only the efforts to recycle writing paper.
Stickies is a convenient desktop tool.
Stickiness adds a new dimension, by measuring the amount of time a user spends at a site.
Stickiness focuses on how best to maximize the amount of time spent on a particular site.
Stickiness increases the attractiveness of the stock.
Stickiness is a measure of the amount of time a user spends at a site.
Stickiness is a natural avenue for the Internet business model to pursue.
Stickiness is a term used to describe how long someone spends on the site.
Stickiness is how long a visitor stays before they click on.
Stickiness is therefore an ideal compliment to the state of the Internet market.
Stickiness is viscosity
Stickiness is viscosity.
Stickiness measures the amount of time that a user stays on a site.
Stickiness revolves around people and communities revolve around people with similar interests.
Stickit support is only available to registered users via e-mail.
Stickleback fish have hearts.
Stickleback fish have senses.
Stickleback fish live in environments.
Stickleback fish live in salt water.
Stickleback fish live in water.
Most stickleback fish have hearts.
Most stickleback fish have senses.
Most stickleback fish live in environments.
Most stickleback fish live in salt water.
Most stickleback fish live in water.
Stickleback males are territorial when mating.
Stickleback species are found in fresh water environments in Europe , Asia and North America .
Stickleback species are found in fresh water environments in Europe, Asia and North America.
A stickleback is a bony fish
Stickleback isa fish.
Sticklebacks are a dietary mainstay for many fish and birds.
Sticklebacks are a small, scaleless fish that can sometimes be found here.
Sticklebacks are bottom-feeders that mainly eat tiny crustaceans.
Sticklebacks are carnivorous, feeding on small animals such as insects, crustaceans and fish larvae.
Sticklebacks are fish.
Sticklebacks are found in North America and northern Eurasia.
Sticklebacks are noted for their highly ritualized reproductive behaviour.
Sticklebacks are one of the most scientifically studied non-game fishes.
Sticklebacks are single species of fish with a diversity of forms.
Sticklebacks are small, scaleless fish with spines along their back in front of their dorsal fin.
Sticklebacks breathe using gills.
Sticklebacks eat small crustaceans and fish.
Sticklebacks have (part) brains.
Sticklebacks have (part) breasts.
Sticklebacks have (part) cell membranes.
Sticklebacks have (part) chest cavities.
Sticklebacks have (part) chests.
Sticklebacks have (part) corpi.
Sticklebacks have (part) cytoplasm.
Sticklebacks have (part) ears.
Sticklebacks have (part) faces.
Sticklebacks have (part) fish scales.
Sticklebacks have (part) fishbones.
Sticklebacks have (part) flippers.
Sticklebacks have (part) heads.
Sticklebacks have (part) nuclei.
Sticklebacks have (part) pedal extremities.
Sticklebacks have (part) plasma membranes.
Sticklebacks have (part) rib cages.
Sticklebacks have (part) sections.
Sticklebacks have (part) skulls.
Sticklebacks have (part) sperm.
Sticklebacks have (part) sterna.
Sticklebacks have (part) tail fins.
Sticklebacks have (part) vacuoles.
Sticklebacks have (part) vertebrate feet.
Sticklebacks have (part) yolks.
Sticklebacks have air.
Sticklebacks have appearances.
Sticklebacks have distinct and well-studied reproductive behaviors.
Sticklebacks have strong separated spines in the dorsal fin .
Sticklebacks have strong separated spines in the dorsal fin.
Sticklebacks live in ponds.
Sticklebacks make up five genera, most of which have just one species.
Sticklebacks obtain oxygen through countercurrent exchange in the gills.
Sticklebacks provide a good example of male dominance in mating and nesting behavior .
Sticklebacks utilize countercurrent exchange in their gills to increase their blood oxygen supply.
Most sticklebacks have air.
Most sticklebacks have appearances.
Most sticklebacks live in ponds.
Some sticklebacks have active thyroids.
Some sticklebacks have bones.
Some sticklebacks have characteristics.
Some sticklebacks have genetics.
Some sticklebacks have pelvic bones.
Some sticklebacks have plates.
Some sticklebacks have spines.
Some sticklebacks have strong bones.
Some sticklebacks have strong pelvic bones.
Some sticklebacks have thyroids.
Some sticklebacks inhabit lakes.
Some sticklebacks live in lakes.
Some sticklebacks provide examples.
Some sticklebacks reach maturity.
Some sticklebacks reach sexual maturity.
Some sticklebacks survive winter.
Stickler syndrome is one of three syndromes being studied.
Stickler syndrome is thought to be inherited as an autosomal dominant disease.
Stickley construction is approached with sincere dedication and a genuine respect for craft.
A sticktight is a flea
Sticktights are the bean-like pods of the legume, tick trefoil.
Stickup caps rise above the ascender and align with the baseline of the first line of text.
Sticky bands have to be replaced periodically.
Sticky blocks behave like magnets.
Sticky blood occurs when the red blood cells begin to group together in clusters.
Sticky board has acid materials and a really nasty glue on it.
Sticky cards are a monitoring tool for insect pest levels in plant growing areas.
Sticky cheese can make quite a mess during prep time.
Sticky clock follows.
Sticky control is another area of interest.
Sticky cookies are a way to identify the user and assure that the user is handled without loss.
Sticky currant has large pinkish flower clusters and large fragrant leaves.
Sticky eye is very common in infants.
Sticky feeling indicates clay.
Sticky film gives way to supple information.
Some sticky fluid contains fructose.
Sticky foam is kinda gross.
Sticky foods are more harmful than nonsticky foods because they remain on the surface of the teeth.
Sticky foods continue acid production in the mouth over a prolonged period of time.
Sticky fur makes a guinea pig miserable.
Sticky gel delivers excellent trace quality resulting in better patient information.
Sticky hands is about interaction, chaos, and truth.
Sticky issues tend to get solved by the leaders.
Sticky keys are expensive to replace.
Sticky keys is available, but requires a second key.
Sticky kids run wild, and nobody pick's up their dog's shit.
Sticky labels are also available in standard paper sizes for use in standard office printers.
Sticky lava flows more slowly.
Sticky mats are required equipment and are available.
Sticky material can adhere to collector elements and plug passages.
Sticky meats are critical, but try to run something close to stock size.
Sticky mixture gums up the works .
Sticky mucus fills the remaining space, making it difficult to breathe.
Some sticky mucuses build up in lungs.
Sticky notes are powerful things.
Sticky notes leave adhesive residue that attracts dirt, and paper clips crimp and tear.
Sticky notes make excellent tools for outlining site structure.
Sticky notes work pretty well.
Sticky paper traps flies on contact.
Sticky paws are transparent adhesive strips which can be applied directly to fabric.
Sticky plants have a greater commitment to vegetative growth than reproduction .
Sticky platelets can cause blood clots that ultimately result in heart attacks.
Sticky platelets can lead to clotting and heart attacks.
Sticky platelets contribute to narrowing arteries, which can lead to heart disease.
Sticky regulators can be intermittent so just keep that in mind.
Sticky repellents can be very hazardous.
Sticky rice can be black or white, short or long grain Very sticky when boiled.
Sticky rice is chewy and tastes buttery and nutty.
Sticky rice is served with boiled vegetables, nam phrik oong and soups or curries.
Sticky rice is the active ingredient in poltergeist poultices.
Sticky rice is their staple food.
Sticky rubber grips in sticky rubber red.
Sticky saliva covers the tong during feeding.
Sticky saliva is produced by glands.
Most sticky saliva is produced by glands.
Sticky secretion is produced along the limbs where disease is present.
Sticky secretion is produced by glands.
Most sticky secretion is produced by glands.
Sticky seeds can pose a littler problem.
Sticky sites attract significant advertising dollars and boast increased e-commerce revenues.
Sticky situations Make a circle with the sticky side of masking tape facing out.
More sticky stuff pours over the fly.
Sticky substances attract insects.
Sticky substances attract other insects.
Sticky substances attract other such insects.
Sticky substances contain amounts.
Most sticky substances attract insects.
Most sticky substances attract other insects.
Most sticky substances attract other such insects.
Most sticky substances contain amounts.
Some sticky substances aid in uptake.
Some sticky substances aid in water uptake.
Sticky tabs come stuck to a card.
Sticky tabs provide a good, clean method for collecting samples in the field.
Sticky tape is so useful chat it is hard to imagine life without it.
Sticky threads entangle themselves with the surrounding growth on rocks.
Sticky tongues have capability.
Most sticky tongues have capability.
Some sticky tongues help seeds.
Sticky traps are another non-toxic means of insect and spider control.
Sticky traps are the main tool for monitoring pest populations.
Sticky traps are the most common monitoring tools in use today.
Sticky traps are unlikely to provide pest control.
Sticky traps are very popular with the organic gardener.
Sticky traps attract a wide variety of flying insects.
Most sticky traps are yellow, a color which seems to attract more insects.
Sticky wax is used to fix the keys to the wax rims.
Sticky wheels means any wheels which immediately bond to the ring surface.
Stiff arteries are a major cause of high blood pressure, which can lead to heart disease and stroke.
Stiff boots are the most important.
Stiff card covers.
Stiff characters look awkward though.
Stiff competition forces low wages and minimal benefits.
Stiff feathers sprout from the calves and ankles, to be spread wide in flight.
Stiff frames can provide more control due to the lack of flex in the head and shaft of the racquet.
Stiff joints lead to osteoarthritis.
Stiff legs make getting down a little more difficult that getting up.
Stiff managers take leadership workshops to learn to be more in tune with their staffs.
Stiff materials can cause blisters.
Stiff needles are deep green.
Stiff palmyra bristles.
Stiff paper covers.
Stiff paper needs a different treatment, as does wrong direction of grain.
Stiff paper wraps with mounted label.
Stiff paper wraps.
Stiff penalties accompany illegal hunting and fishing.
Stiff penalties are on the horizon.
Stiff penalties do two things.
Stiff penalties exist for failing to report emergencies.
Stiff penalties exist for possession of and or trafficking in drugs.
Stiff plastic covers the floppy interior disk.
Stiff poles mean less wasted energy per poling motion.
Stiff porridge is made in the same way as thin porridge but a greater proportion of meal is used.
Stiff shafts handle broadheads much better than weaker shafts.
Stiff shafts require a pretty crisp swing speed.
Stiff skis are more suited for hard snow or race courses.
Stiff sunflower is perennial by long rhizomes and often forms patches on the prairie.
Some stiff tails are supported by ossify tendons.
Some stiff tails are supported by tendons.
Stiff winds push the hawks low over the boulder-strewn ridge.
Stiff wrists are the most common problem for high school and up male shooters.
A stiff is a man
Stiffs are a pain in the ass that way.
Any stiff can dunk the ball over the cross bar or walk like a Egyptian after scoring.
Stiffer boards are more stable at higher speeds and hold an edge better on very hard snow.
Stiffer bodies reduce vibration and noise and can improve ride and handling.
Stiffer dowels have higher resonant frequencies.
Stiffer elements tend to attract more load.
Stiffer frames improve rider power efficiency and increase speed and acceleration.
Stiffer lungs require more diaphragmatic effort in order to take a normal tidal breath.
Stiffer objects have higher resonant frequencies, whereas more massive ones have lower frequencies.
Stiffer plastic shells with a longer tongue.
Stiffer rackets generate more power.
Stiffer rules governing monks and donation solicitations are also in the works.
Stiffer settings provide better handling with a bumpier ride.
Stiffness gradient combines with hydrodynamics to shrink the wave-length.
Stiffness ratios are also important.
Stiffness can be normal, and come from a lot of things.
Stiffness can lead to more pain and the cycle of pain begins.
Stiffness can result from either overuse or underuse.
Stiffness causes the higher frequency components to shift to higher frequencies.
Stiffness correlates to ankle flex.
Stiffness greatly affects the building's uptake of earthquake generated force.
Stiffness grows with at fixed , but goes through a maximum as a function of at fixed .
Stiffness helps hip rotation.
Stiffness improves control.
Stiffness is a factor it takes more energy to move the string so the sound decays faster.
Stiffness is a factor to consider for longer touring kayaks.
Stiffness is a linear phenomenon resulting from the finite diameter of the string.
Stiffness is a result of rigid, stiff thinking.
Stiffness is also a common symptom.
Stiffness is bad after resting joints, but quickly works off.
Stiffness is characteristically of short duration.
Stiffness is clumsiness
Stiffness is common, especially upon arising in the morning.
Stiffness is defined as theinitial slope of the stress-strain curve.
Stiffness is determined at each frequency, and the average is displayed.
Stiffness is determined by material type and geometry.
Stiffness is equal to that of the earlier knuckle.
Stiffness is especially common in the morning.
Stiffness is essential to a racing shell.
Stiffness is initially due to inflammation, then to fibrous, and eventually bony ankylosis.
Stiffness is low.
Stiffness is most noticeable in the morning.
Stiffness is reduced and the pull-in behavior is smoother.
Stiffness is the mathematical inverse of deflection.
Stiffness isa property.
Stiffness means difficulty bending or straightening finger joints.
Stiffness occurs due to inflammation and pain associated with movement.
Stifle joints are strong.
A stifle is a joint
Stifle mixes readily with water to form a light yellow suspension.
Stifles are joints.
Stifles are part of hind legs.
Stifles are well bent and hock well down, turning neither in nor out.
Stifles are well bent and hocks well let down, turning neither in nor out.
Stifles are well bent.
Stifles are well-bent.
A stigma is a symbol
Stigma capitate to bilobed.
Stigma discourages people from getting help .
Stigma discourages people from making efforts and damages their own confidence in themselves.
Stigma erodes confidence that mental disorders are valid, treatable health conditions.
Stigma have (part) sections.
Stigma isa plant part.
Stigma keeps elected officials from understanding the nature of mental illness.
Stigma leads to fear, mistrust, and violence .
Stigma loses receptiveness prior to pollen shed.
Stigma magnifies all barriers to access.
Stigma maintains maximal denial and minimal recovery.
Stigma performs as well.
Stigma persists to the present day.
Stigma presents serious barriers and does a grave injustice to people with mental illness.
Stigma prevents successful public health measures and negates public health initiatives.
Stigma prompts many people to avoid work and socialization.
Stigma results in inadequate insurance coverage .
Stigma results in people being ostracized, ridiculed, and ignored.
Stigma results in prejudice and discrimination .
Stigma surrounding mental illness also prevents people from seeking treatment.
Stigma surrounds it.
Stigmas are barriers to education, testing, counseling and treatment.
Stigmas are blemishs.
Stigmas are female reproductive structures in flowers.
Stigmas are large and protruding, even branched and feathery.
Stigmas are made of discrimination.
Stigmas are made of ignorance.
Stigmas are made of prejudice.
Stigmas are major barriers to access.
Stigmas are part of carpels.
Stigmas are part of style.
Stigmas are receptive to insect pollination the first day.
Stigmas are spiracles.
Stigmas attending different diseases vary in important ways.
Stigmas cause discrimination.
Stigmas follow such children.
Stigmas relate to personal values, preferences, and perceptions, matters difficult to legislate.
Stigma often acts as a barrier to early help and causes isolation and discrimination.
Stigma often makes the mentally ill person feel afraid or ashamed.
Stigma often prevents individuals from gaining awareness and understanding of suicide.
Some stigma are part of carpels.
Some stigma are part of pistils.
Some stigma carry pollen.
Some stigma remain florets.
A stigmata is wound
Stigmata does pose some interesting questions, and the plot moves along a refreshing pace.
Stigmata explores concepts of beauty, self-determination and the outer limits of female sexuality.
Stigmata lasts for years or an entire lifetime.
Stigmatas are wounds.
Stigmatic fluid is produced by the stigmas and generally accumulates to form conspicuous droplets.
A stigmatisation is disapproval
Stigmatisation can negatively affect the success of vocational efforts.
Stigmatisation involves a criticism of the offender.
Stigmatized houses can take years to sell, and even then they tend to go for less than market value.
A stile is a vertical
Stile isa device.
Stiles already has a head start on other commissioners.
Stiles are , of course , a problem for people who are disabled .
Stiles are part of leafs.
Stiles are the flat sections between the panels.
Stiles are the vertical members of the frame, and rails are the horizontal members.
Stiles are uprights.
Stiles are, of course, a problem for people who are disabled.
Stiles can have that effect on opponents.
Stiles can just light it up.
Stiles can take care of the rest.
Stiles come in many styles.
Stiles have (part) sections.
Stiles have decorative overlay of wood balls and cane.
Stiles holds the kind of knowledge that, when shared, makes the road a little less lonesome.
Stiles introduces Pi mechanism analysis of increment thresholds.
Stiles is a scoring spectacle like no other.
Stiles is devastatingly quick off the dribble.
Stiles makes straight for a large mug of coffee.
Stiles plays a suburban high schooler who dreams of becoming a ballerina.
Some stiles have to be climbed.
Stilesville residents are , however, attempting to revitalize their town.
A stiletto heel is a heel
Stiletto heels march back into history.
Stiletto shoes occupy one photograph, a corset is the subject of another.
A stiletto is a dagger
Stiletto feminists heel to no one.
Stiletto includes alarms, task scheduling, sounds control, and wallpaper control.
Stilettos are are type of heel that is extremely thin and pointed.
Stilettos are daggers.
Stilettos are embroidery.
Stilettos are heels.
Stilettos are knifes.
Stilettos are of ivory, bone, metal, and other materials.
Stilettos are shoes.
Stilettos are used for kill.
Stilettos are weapons.
Stilettos get a foothold in the workplace.
A still is a photograph
Stills are apparatus.
Stills are bands.
Stills are essential.
Stills are momentary impressions.
Stills are pictures.
Stills are relatively expensive.
Stills can be useful, but are obviously a second choice.
Stills come in all sizes, shapes and materials of construction.
Stills get their name from the word di'still'ation.
Stills have a normal intelligence level and are always females.
Stills loves to pass rush.
Stills Take a peek at behind the scenes action.
Stills Take a peek at some behind the scenes action.
Stills vary in size, depending on the amount of purified water they produce.
Stills work by boiling water in a large chamber, producing steam which enters a condenser.
Many stills dramatize what the author respects and despises in visual composition.
Most Stills die in their twenties but a few survive into their forties with extensive medical care.
Stillbirth rate is an important indicator of access to and quality of antenatal and delivery care.
A stillbirth is an abortion
Stillbirths are common among untreated mothers.
Stillbirths are diseases.
Stillbirths are more likely to occur in a multiple-birth event.
Stillbirths are related to dystocia or difficult birth during farrowing.
Stillbirths are the main cause of loss.
Stillbirths can occur after heavy drinking in the last three months of pregnancy.
Stillbirths occur more often in larger litters.
Stilled mind is like a mirror.
Stilled pump jacks line the horizon.
Stillness can be healthy sometimes.
Stillness comes when all disturbances are stopped, cling to stillness is also a mistake.
Stillness comes when all disturbances are stopped, clinging to stillness is also a mistake.
Stillness creates an air of confidence and power.
Stillness descends once more on our neighborhood.
Stillness equals death.
Stillness exists within movement which is the confusion of the intellect.
Stillness fills it.
Stillness is also a considerably important component of polarity therapy.
Stillness is calmness.
Stillness is first a matter of physical arrangement, then of mental quietness.
Stillness is important.
Stillness is quite out of place there, as with the other spiritual ordinances.
Stillness is silence
Stillness is the foundation of our work.
Stillness is the master of motion.
Stillness is the point of healing where the body resets.
Stillness is the timespace in which things, including sounds, happen.
Stillness is therefore the most important lesson that can be taught to the youth of today.
Stillness isa property.
Stillness overcomes heat.
Stillness reigns among the dark reflections of little Springer Lake.
Stillness resides at our inmost core, in the sacred silence between our thought and plans.
Stillness settles like dust.
Stillness yet pervades, a chimney plume waves.
Stillness always precedes motion.
Stillness often feels like abandonment.
Stilt positions are highly prized and are often family-owned, passed from father to son.
Stilt walkers represent elephants and giraffes, while the pole climbers suggest birds.
A stilt is a column
Stilt isa pillar.
Stilts also provide space for air to move around all sides of the ware.
Stilts are birds.
Stilts are poles.
Stilts are pretty handy for peeping toms.
Stilts are shorebirds.
Stilts are supports used to separate a glazed article from a shelf during firing.
Stilts are used by the shepherds of the marshy Landes in southwestern France.
Stilts belong to the same family.
Stilts chatter behind the chalkboard.
Stilts have (part) bases.
Stilts impress no one anymore.
Stilts represent the third new shorebird species using the backfilled canal and adjacent floodplain.
Stilts take strong flapping flights with trailing legs.
Stilts use a variety of aquatic habitats.
Some stilts solve problems.
Stilted sentences rock. . .
Stimmed marines shoot twice as fast and can move much faster as well.
A stimulant drug is a drug
Stimulant drugs are exceedingly dangerous to both physical and mental health.
Some stimulant drugs can improve a child's ability to concentrate.
Stimulant effects speed the circulation aids the absorption of other herbs.
Stimulant herbs have antibiotic effects.
Stimulant herbs have effects.
Most stimulant herbs have antibiotic effects.
Most stimulant herbs have effects.
Stimulant laxatives are essential for an elderly patient receiving opioid therapy.
Stimulant laxatives are useful for acute simple constipation.
Stimulant medication can be helpful.
Stimulant medication can make worse or precipitate tics.
Stimulant medication is also common and effective for short-term treatment .
Stimulant medication remains one of the most effective and proven interventions.
Stimulant medications are controlled substances.
Stimulant medications are no substitute for adequate sleep at night.
Stimulant medications are the benchmark of treatment for most ADHD patients.
Stimulant medications are the pharmaceutical treatment of choice.
Stimulant medications give back choice-making ability.
Stimulant use can produce mild physical dependence and high psychological dependence.
Stimulant use has more serious social consequences.
Some stimulant users seek treatment because they are afraid of what their lives have become.
A stimulant is information
Stimulant isa cognition.
Stimulant isa knowledge.
Stimulants accelerate heart and respiration rates, raise blood pressure and decrease appetite.
Stimulants affect dopamine and norepinephrine receptors.
Stimulants also prevent deep sleep and increase nighttime awakenings.
Stimulants appear to be quite effective with adolescents but less helpful with most preschoolers.
Stimulants are addictive and dangerous drugs.
Stimulants are agents that activate, enhance, or increase activity of the central nervous system.
Stimulants are detectable in the urine for up to one or two days.
Stimulants are drivatives of 'adrenaline', a natural substance produced by stress.
Stimulants are drugs.
Stimulants are medicine.
Stimulants are much more likely to be destabilising than opiates for simple pharmacological reasons.
Stimulants are no substitute for sleep.
Stimulants are physically addictive.
Stimulants are psychologically addictive.
Stimulants are the key to effective writing, whatever the form.
Stimulants are the main medications used to treat the sleepiness of narcolepsy.
Stimulants are the most frequently used medications for managing ADHD symptoms.
Stimulants are usually well tolerated when used to treat ADHD and devoid of acute severe toxicity.
Stimulants are very safe, compared to many non-controlled drugs.
Stimulants can also cause sleep loss.
Stimulants can be natural, refined, or synthetic.
Stimulants can bring a feeling of alertness and self confidence.
Stimulants can cause a sense of energy, alertness, talkativeness, and well-being.
Stimulants can cause overheating and dehydration.
Stimulants can cause rapid addiction.
Stimulants can help the daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy.
Stimulants cause aggressive behavior.
Stimulants cause behavior.
Stimulants cause intolerable side effects.
Stimulants cause rhythmic muscle contractions in the intestines.
Stimulants cause rhythmic muscular contractions in the small or large intestine.
Stimulants clearly are the treatment of choice.
Stimulants comprise certain medicinal substances, as ammonia, alcohol, ethylic ether, as well as.
Stimulants contain caffeine.
Stimulants do have side effects sometimes.
Stimulants do have side-effects sometimes.
Stimulants find in plants.
Stimulants have a paradoxical calming effect.
Stimulants increase alertness and reduce fatigue.
Stimulants increase the activity of the central nervous system.
Stimulants make it difficult to sleep.
Stimulants make people feel better.
Stimulants produce a buoyant, elated, energetic feeling accompanied by increase alertness.
Stimulants produce effects.
Stimulants produce exaggerated feelings of energy, alertness and well-being.
Stimulants produce similar effects.
Stimulants speed up the central nervous system.
Stimulants stimulate the brain and central nervous system, block feelings of hunger and fatigue.
Stimulants tend to have an overall effect.
Stimulants tend to suppress appetite in some people, but can also be dangerous.
Stimulants worsen anxiety.
Any stimulant exaggerates the phenomenon.
Any stimulant is an enemy to man, any narcotic is a fiend.
Most stimulants cause aggressive behavior.
Most stimulants cause behavior.
Most stimulants contain caffeine.
Most stimulants find in plants.
Most stimulants have more side-effects than other drugs .
Most stimulants have more side-effects than other drugs.
Most stimulants produce effects.
Most stimulants produce similar effects.
Most stimulants rapidly produce a high tolerance.
Some stimulants affect only a specific organ such as the heart, lungs, brain, or nervous system.
Some stimulants contain oil.
Some stimulants contain volatile oil.
Some stimulants increase calcium excretion.
Some stimulants increase excretion.
Some stimulants reduce absorption.
Some stimulants use in treatments.
Some stimulate beverages make from leaves.
Stimulate hormones stimulate glands.
Stimulate hormones stimulate thyroid glands.
Most stimulate hormones stimulate glands.
Most stimulate hormones stimulate thyroid glands.
Stimulate sales leads.
Stimulate thyroid hormones stimulate glands.
Stimulate thyroid hormones stimulate thyroid glands.
Stimulated emission is a bit different.
Stimulated emission requires the presence of photons to take place.
Stimulated macrophages exhibit increased levels of phagocytosis and are also secretory.
Stimulated neurons receive signals from preceding layers of neurons and from a bias neuron.
Most stimulating conversations are between places such as when leaving somebody.
Stimulation also occurs to the energy points and reflex zones.
Stimulation builds our sensory vocabulary and adds to our range of experience.
Stimulation causes a requirement for more stimulation.
Stimulation causes contraction.
Stimulation causes heart muscle contraction.
Stimulation causes ovulation.
Stimulation causes release of hormone by exocytosis.
Stimulation exceeding one hour causes motion sickness symptoms in susceptible subjects.
Stimulation has consequences.
Stimulation has effects.
Stimulation has undesirable consequences.
Stimulation helps focus the energy for healing.
Stimulation here inhibits sympathetic structures and enhances parasympathetic structures.
Stimulation implies a relation in terms of an entity having an input.
Stimulation improves blood circulation and so can even help hair problems.
Stimulation increases concentration.
Stimulation increases urine potassium concentration.
Stimulation is a modest word for inspiration, stimulation of the heart, movement of the heart.
Stimulation is a physical response to a stimulus.
Stimulation is also important for our health.
Stimulation is arousal
Stimulation is arousal.
Stimulation is as important during reviews as it is during the activities being reviewed.
Stimulation is crucial.
Stimulation is everything.
Stimulation is followed with a phase that depresses the respiratory muscles.
Stimulation is good for kids, and babies make great adventure companions.
Stimulation is good.
Stimulation is important for brain development.
Stimulation is information.
Stimulation is natural processes.
Stimulation is needed if our internal organs are to work properly.
Stimulation is part of motivation.
Stimulation is particularly likely in children.
Stimulation is performed to map out the motor and speech areas.
Stimulation is required.
Stimulation is still an open thing.
Stimulation is the end of all substance.
Stimulation is thought to be as effective as thalamotomy but to have fewer complications.
Stimulation is usually pleasant and accompanied by relief of pain in the area of tingling.
Stimulation is usually the cause, such as the heat from a blow dryer or the massage of the shower.
Stimulation isa action.
Stimulation leads to alteration.
Stimulation locally releases substances with opiatelike properties.
Stimulation occurs for several days after injection.
Stimulation occurs in horses.
Stimulation offers the highest potential for improved profitability.
Stimulation produces sensation.
Stimulation sequences for different distances in a stomatopod from a bright habitat.
Stimulation takes place at several points at the same time.
Stimulations Require the subject to increase or begin using stimulations that they ranked low.
All stimulation apparently comes from outside.
Most stimulation causes contraction.
Most stimulation causes heart muscle contraction.
Most stimulation causes ovulation.
Most stimulation has consequences.
Most stimulation has effects.
Most stimulation has undesirable consequences.
Most stimulation increases concentration.
Most stimulation increases urine potassium concentration.
Most stimulation leads to alteration.
Most stimulation occurs in horses.
Most stimulation produces sensation.
Some stimulation causes anemia.
Some stimulation causes depressions.
Some stimulation causes effects.
Some stimulation causes respiratory depressions.
Some stimulation decreases secretion.
Some stimulation increases levels.
Some stimulation leads to production.
Some stimulation produces pain.
Some stimulation promotes development.
Some stimulation promotes emotional development.
Some stimulation results in erections.
Some stimulation results in problems.
Stimulatory policy falls into to two categories, fiscal and monetary.
Stimulus generalization is a process
Stimulus generalization means behaving similarly to similar stimuli.
Stimulus generalization occurs when a response elicited by one stimulus is generalized to another.
Stimulus generalization occurs when dog jumps to similar-sounding words.
A stimulus is information
Stimuli account for responses.
Stimuli apply to growth.
Stimuli are environmental events that are monitored by an agent's senses.
Stimuli are kinds of physical energy .
Stimuli are modified before being sent in.
Stimuli are painful when they damage tissues or threaten to damage tissue.
Stimuli are periodic, and there is control over their frequency and absolute phase.
Stimuli become discrimative cues for particular behaviors.
Stimuli become discriminative for one another.
Stimuli cause pain.
Stimuli consist of adapt stimuli.
Stimuli consist of stimuli.
Stimuli eliciting depression can cause a shift of circadian phase.
Stimuli have effects.
Stimuli have negative effects.
Stimuli include activities.
Stimuli include human activities.
Stimuli lead to responses.
Stimuli originate in the environment.
Stimuli produce high arousal generally produce strong feelings.
Stimuli produce negative responses.
Stimuli produce responses.
Stimuli represent changes in the environment.
Stimuli trigger events.
Stimuli trigger positive responses.
Stimuli trigger responses.
Stimulus activates concept nodes.
Stimulus acts on a receptor which is a stretch receptor in the muscle.
Stimulus can include feelings like heat, cold, and pain.
Stimulus changes our heart rate and other physiological process.
Stimulus electrodes positioned above the eye.
Stimulus goes up and an umbrella of activity comes down.
Stimulus is converted to a nerve impulse.
Stimulus is illustrated with the red and blue color of the electrodes.
Stimulus is logical.
Stimulus is positive or negative foot sensations.
Stimulus is second flash.
Stimulus is the change in the immediate environment of a living organism.
Stimulus isa cognition.
Stimulus isa knowledge.
Stimulus leads to response, and over time, the response becomes nearly automatic.
Stimulus mean's, Anything that cause's an organism to respond.
All stimuli carries the same degree of importance.
All stimuli come in.
All stimuli impinge on their senses with equal potency.
All stimulus is monitored.
Any stimulus results in a complete change of direction, again at full velocity.
Every stimulus leaves a memory trace in the regions of the brain that it activates.
Most stimuli account for responses.
Most stimuli apply to growth.
Most stimuli cause pain.
Most stimuli consist of adapt stimuli.
Most stimuli consist of stimuli.
Most stimuli have effects.
Most stimuli have negative effects.
Most stimuli lead to responses.
Most stimuli produce negative responses.
Most stimuli produce responses.
Most stimuli trigger positive responses.
Some stimuli are caused by infection.
Some stimuli are caused by viral infection.
Some stimuli attract our attention more than others.
Some stimuli cause damage.
Some stimuli cause voluntary actions and others cause involuntary actions.
Some stimuli come from activities.
Some stimuli follow crashes.
Some stimuli have correspondence.
Some stimuli produce effects.
Some stimuli promote insulin secretion.
Some stimuli promote secretion.
Some stimuli relate to pressure.
Some stimuli result in cell death.
Some stimuli result in death.
Some stimuli trigger actual migration.
Sting nematodes are long and slender, females have blunt tails and have an elongate stylet.
Sting nematodes are migratory ectoparasites that selectively feed on root tips.
Some sting nematodes have regions.
Sting nettles can have effects.
Sting nettles have effects.
Sting nettles have flowers.
Sting nettles have rhizomes.
Sting nettles have shallow rhizomes.
Sting nettles have white flowers.
Sting nettles obtain water.
Most sting nettles can have effects.
Most sting nettles have effects.
Most sting nettles have flowers.
Most sting nettles have rhizomes.
Most sting nettles have shallow rhizomes.
Most sting nettles have white flowers.
Most sting nettles obtain water.
Sting rays are bottom-dwelling fish, with a preference for soft mud, sand or shale ground.
Sting rays leap into the air before flinging themselves back into the sparkling ocean.
Most sting rays prefer salty ocean water, but some in North America prefer fresh water.
Some sting rays have features.
Some sting rays have flexible tails.
Some sting rays have long flexible tails.
Some sting rays have long tails.
Some sting rays have many features.
Some sting rays have many unique features.
Some sting rays have tails.
Some sting rays have unique features.
Sting causes allergic reaction.
Sting causes instant death.
Sting causes irritation.
Sting causes medical problems.
Sting causes minor irritation.
Sting causes minor medical problems.
Sting causes minor problems.
Sting causes numbnesses.
Sting causes pain and sensitivity similar to that of a bee.
Sting causes problems.
Sting causes reaction.
Sting causes serious medical problems.
Sting causes serious problems.
Sting causes severe allergic reaction.
Sting causes severe reaction.
Sting comes back with a HUGE plancha before locking on a goddamned headlock to slow things down.
Sting comes down from the ceiling and steps into the ring.
Sting comes in with bat in hand.
Sting does it.
Sting gets the win in a rather short match.
Sting goes up top - flying splash, and that does it.
Sting goes world music.
Sting has a rent to pay, too.
Sting has a small role, too, as a pub proprietor whose bar gets put up as collateral.
Sting has a villa near Florence.
Sting has New Wave bona fides and cool jazz credibility.
Sting has the ability to wrestle very good matches.
Sting has the singular name.
Sting has various homes dotted around the world.
Sting hits a big drop kick to start off the match.
Sting hits a press slam.
Sting is a perfect person to build the company around.
Sting is a pretty common word.
Sting is a voracious reader.
Sting is a walking advertisement for the job of pop star.
Sting is also down for three songs.
Sting is also well known as a political activist.
Sting is an advocate for human rights' issues.
Sting is an example of an artist getting better with time.
Sting is cool.
Sting is crap at finding the right accountant.
Sting is dashingly exotic in the role, sexier than any of the previous mad scientists.
Sting is draped over the ropes.
Sting is far too common a word.
Sting is films.
Sting is handsome.
Sting is injuries.
Sting is known around the country as one of the top age-group programs.
Sting is no stranger to advertising.
Sting is noticeably absent from the recited list.
Sting is now in year two of a world tour.
Sting is off to the local emergency ward.
Sting is one of the greatest pop-rock.
Sting is one such artist who has no involvement at all.
Sting is pain
Sting is pain.
Sting is people.
Sting is supposed to be a strict vegetarian.
Sting is taken out on a stretcher and loaded onto an ambulance.
Sting is the king of pain.
Sting is the latter.
Sting is the same way.
Sting is tonight.
Sting is trapped in the hopeless storyline with the dark carnival.
Sting is wrestlers.
Sting isa injury.
Sting just happens to be next on that list.
Sting knows that.
Sting make a lay-up at the buzzer a fitting end.
Sting makes a cameo appearance as a semi-shady pub owner.
Sting passes out.
Sting performs the rest.
Sting points the bat at the nWo, then returns to the ring.
Sting produces pain.
Sting produces severe pain.
Sting provides the music.
Sting refuses to give up but is on obvious pain.
Sting says that nothing is for sure, and that it is showtime folks.
Sting sings the song over the film's end credits.
Sting speaks for the trees.
Sting still has mountains to climb.
Sting still seems to be more dominant than anyone.
Sting stops Macho momentarliy.
Sting takes it and they hug again.
Sting triggers deadly reaction.
Sting triggers reaction.
Sting wants a public inquiry into the proposals, which are still at an early stage.
Sting wins the title.
Sting writes very nice lyrics and the songs are really good as well.
Stings are a little tricky to create.
Stings are always painful and are dangerous when they cause severe allergic responses.
Stings are most likely when running barefoot through the lawn.
Stings are quite rare.
Stings are slender metal rods used to project the sensors into place.
Stings are uncommon.
Stings are usually mild but can be painful and cause a beaded red line on the skin.
Stings break frequently because of poor grommet design.
Stings can also cause an allergic reaction.
Stings can be deadly to infants, the elderly, and persons allergic to bee venom.
Stings can be quite painful.
Stings can be rather painful.
Stings can cause quite severe local pain, as well as lacerations and tears from the barbed spine.
Stings can occur anywhere on the body and can be painful and frightening for a child.
Stings can occur anywhere on the body and can be painful and frightening.
Stings cause painful red bumps right away.
Stings have a rich sound, with feathery detail where needed.
Stings involving the eyes result in local inflammation, redness, swelling and tearing.
Stings lower the value of the fruit from fresh market to processing grade apples.
Stings normally resolve within a few days.
Stings occur when swimmers or beachcombers come in contact with nematocysts.
Stings require urgent medical care.
Stings vary greatly in their poisonous effects.
Stings often lead to secondary infections and severe scarring.
Stings sometimes lead to secondary infection.
Stings usually occur when a fire-ant mound is unwittingly stepped on.
Stings usually occur when an insect like a wasp, hornet or bee gets trapped.
Stings usually paralyze or kill only small creatures but some jellyfish are harmful to humans.
Every sting is a destroyer of happiness, a dispenser of bitterness.
Most sting causes allergic reaction.
Most sting causes minor irritation.
Most sting causes minor medical problems.
Most sting causes minor problems.
Most sting causes reaction.
Most sting causes serious medical problems.
Most sting causes serious problems.
Most sting produces pain.
Most sting produces severe pain.
Most stings come from wasps and hornets.
Most stings occur when the colony is disturbed.
Some sting causes death.
Some sting causes nausea.
Some sting has reaction.
Some sting helps arthritis.
Some sting kills people.
Some sting leads to injuries.
Some sting leads to irritation.
Some sting leads to organ injuries.
Some sting leads to skin irritation.
Some sting occurs in regions.
A stinger is a cocktail
Stinger isa alcohol.
Stingers are abuse.
Stingers are blows.
Stingers are body parts.
Stingers are cocktails.
Stingers are organs.
Stingers are solid objects.
Stingers bring a dominating presence to the ITTs in Tampa.
Stingers cause pain.
Stingers contain poison.
Stingers contain venomous poison.
Stingers fill with venom.
Stingers is quite at ease with lyrics as well as scat singing.
Stingers kill live prey and transporters carry the dead prey's corpses back to the nest.
Stingers provide painful sting.
Stingers provide sting.
Stingers shoot out even faster than a bullet from a gun.
Stingers tend to occur more often at the high school level of sports.
Most stingers cause pain.
Most stingers contain poison.
Most stingers contain venomous poison.
Most stingers fill with venom.
Most stingers heal by themselves.
Most stingers provide painful sting.
Most stingers provide sting.
Some stingers have large size.
Some stingers have size.
Stinginess can turn to generosity, pollution to purity.
Stinginess is a trait
Stinginess is the taint of a donor.
Stinging arthropods inject a toxin through a stinger located on the posterior end of the abdomen.
Stinging caterpillars are the immature stages of several species of moths.
All stinging caterpillars are foliage-feeding insects.
Most stinging caterpillars belong to the insect family known as flannel moths.
Some stinging cells called nemphosites can be quiet posinous to humans.
Stinging incidents can also result in costly tort liability claims.
Stinging insects are our friends.
Stinging insects prefer dark colors.
Most stinging insects are beneficial to man.
A stinging nettle is a nettle
Stinging nettle can have a diuretic effect.
Stinging nettle has a strong shoot thrust.
Stinging nettle has diuretic properties and aids in urination.
Stinging nettle is a common understory component of riparian communities.
Stinging nettle is a weed native to Europe, Asia, and North America.
Stinging nettle is another extremely useful dynamic accumulator.
Stinging nettle is beneficial as a spring tonic and rejuvenator.
Stinging nettle is common along the trail.
Stinging nettle is common around sloughs, along stream banks, in waste places and moist woods.
Stinging nettle is considered a weedy, invasive species.
Stinging nettle is difficult to harvest, but has a wealth of uses.
Stinging nettle is legendary for being a go-to herb for many ailments.
Stinging nettle is probably intermediate in shade tolerance.
Stinging nettle is probably top-killed by fire.
Stinging nettle is the other natural remedy that shows a lot of promise.
Stinging nettle is truly a useful herb even if it is a pain to pick.
Stinging nettle is used during an acute episode to reduce the severity of symptoms.
Stinging nettle is used in many forms, including as teas, tinctures, fluid extracts, and creams.
Stinging nettle is used in many varied ways.
Stinging nettle is used to treat inflammation of the urinary tract and kidney gravel.
Stinging nettle makes neighboring plants more insect resistant.
Stinging nettles are a potent herb with a long history of use.
Stinging nettles are a very therapeutic and nutritional herb that grows best in moist areas.
Stinging nettles are helpful for bladder and urinary tract function in both sexes.
Stinging nettles are nettles.
Stinging nettles have a long tradition as a urinary tract tonic.
Stinging nettles is a well known folk remedy for allergies.
Stinging sensations are common, as salt reaches the core of the canker sore.
Stinging snakes have a lot of trouble hitting the target.
Stingings is sensation.
Stingless bees are a closely related group.
Stingless bees are also highly eusocial .
Stingless bees are important pollinators of plants in the forest.
Stingless bees are less agressive than honeybees.
Stingray City is known around the world.
Stingray City is one of the most famous attractions in the Cayman Islands, and rightly so.
Stingray City is the first dive of the day but it is a memorable one.
Stingray City is the most popular dive site in the islands.
Stingray City pictures The guy from the boat holding one of the stingrays.
Stingray skins are measured from the widest area across.
Stingray venom is generally cardiotoxic.
A stingray is a ray
Stingray charters out of Moho Cay in Belize City.
Stingray give birth to fully developed, live young.
Stingray investigates the incredible reports of pink ice all over the world.
Stingray is a leader in the area of marine environmental recycling.
Stingray is a match and becomes the donor.
Stingray is great at any age.
Stingray is hit by a missile and falls to the ocean floor.
Stingray is in trouble from the search.
Stingray is soft and shakable.
Stingray isa ray.
Stingray leaves and starts drinking.
Stingray lives mostly in sea water.
Stingray refuses to be happy with the status quo in either technology or customer service.
Stingray tastes a lot like regular fish.
Stingrays accomplish the task in two ways.
Stingrays adapt to environments.
Stingrays agitate the sand and hide beneath it .
Stingrays agitate the sand and hide beneath it.
Stingrays also frequent the shallows at night.
Stingrays also lie in wait for unsuspecting prey.
Stingrays are a favored prey of the great hammerhead.
Stingrays are a group of rays , which are cartilaginous fish related to sharks .
Stingrays are a specialized group of rays equipped with an elongated, thin, whiplike tail.
Stingrays are a type of fish that are often found in the sand in shallow water near the shore.
Stingrays are another type of cartilaginous fish which exists in the shallow waters of the reef.
Stingrays are bottom feeders and scavenge the substratum for small animals.
Stingrays are bottom feeders.
Stingrays are broad, flat fish.
Stingrays are common in coastal tropical and subtropical marine waters throughout the world.
Stingrays are considered by most experts to be docile creatures, only attacking in self-defense.
Stingrays are considered to be vertebrates, as they are classified as cartilaginous fish.
Stingrays are edible and they are consumed by a wide variety of cultures.
Stingrays are edible, the main part being the wings.
Stingrays are found in the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian oceans.
Stingrays are friendly.
Stingrays are generally peaceful bottom feeders.
Stingrays are generally very solitary creatures.
Stingrays are inactive for the vast majority of time.
Stingrays are large cartilaginous fish found in warm coastal waters.
Stingrays are mainly marine creature.
Stingrays are members of the group of fish that also includes sharks and skates.
Stingrays are ocean floor prowlers.
Stingrays are ovoviviparous, bearing live young in 'litters' of five to thirteen.
Stingrays are rays have spines on their tail which can poison other animals when stung.
Stingrays are rays.
Stingrays are the best value imagesetters for the commercial printing market.
Stingrays are the dangerous ones.
Stingrays are the most common group of fish that sting humans.
Stingrays are usually difficult to detect because they are partially buried in the sediment.
Stingrays are venomous animals.
Stingrays are very, very gentle creatures.
Stingrays bear live young.
Stingrays belong to a sub-class known as the elasmobranchs.
Stingrays deliver their venom using a barbed spine located at the base of their tail.
Stingrays eat fish.
Stingrays eat shrimp.
Stingrays eat small fish.
Stingrays enter water.
Stingrays feed mostly on molluscs, crustaceans, and occasionally on small fish.
Stingrays fertilize internally via sexual intercourse.
Stingrays fill important ecological roles in the freshwater and marine locales they inhabit.
Stingrays has-part teeth.
Stingrays have (part) brains.
Stingrays have (part) breasts.
Stingrays have (part) cell membranes.
Stingrays have (part) chest cavities.
Stingrays have (part) chests.
Stingrays have (part) corpi.
Stingrays have (part) cytoplasm.
Stingrays have (part) ears.
Stingrays have (part) faces.
Stingrays have (part) fish scales.
Stingrays have (part) fishbones.
Stingrays have (part) flippers.
Stingrays have (part) heads.
Stingrays have (part) nuclei.
Stingrays have (part) pedal extremities.
Stingrays have (part) plasma membranes.
Stingrays have (part) rib cages.
Stingrays have (part) sections.
Stingrays have (part) skulls.
Stingrays have (part) sperm.
Stingrays have (part) sterna.
Stingrays have (part) tail fins.
Stingrays have (part) vacuoles.
Stingrays have (part) vertebrate feet.
Stingrays have (part) yolks.
Stingrays have a barbed spine on their long tails that can cause painful and dangerous stings.
Stingrays have a flat round shape thanks to the large fins that run the length of their bodies.
Stingrays have a toxin filled spine at the base of their tail.
Stingrays have a venomous spine.
Stingrays have barbed spines at the base of the tail.
Stingrays have buoyancy.
Stingrays have capability.
Stingrays have chances.
Stingrays have features.
Stingrays have fins.
Stingrays have jaws.
Stingrays have many features.
Stingrays have more benefits than being used for human consumption.
Stingrays have mouths.
Stingrays have multiple rows of rounded teeth that have flat, blunt surfaces.
Stingrays have senses.
Stingrays have shapes.
Stingrays have small mouths.
Stingrays have strong jaws.
Stingrays have strong senses.
Stingrays have strong, heavy cartilage dental plates with which they crush their food.
Stingrays have tails.
Stingrays have teeth.
Stingrays have very tough, leathery skin.
Stingrays hide in the soft mud and feed on mollusks and crustaceans.
Stingrays inhabit shallow water, especially in the tropics and in temperate regions as well.
Stingrays inhabit tropical water.
Stingrays inhabit water.
Stingrays inject a toxin that breaks down with heat.
Stingrays lack the swim bladder and oil-filled liver that make fish buoyant.
Stingrays live in sandy marine environments.
Stingrays live on the sandy or muddy bottoms of all warm, shallow parts of the oceans and bays.
Stingrays love the ocean floor.
Stingrays need food.
Stingrays possess venom-producing barbs on their tail tips.
Stingrays reach maturity.
Stingrays reach sexual maturity.
Stingrays reflect the shades of color on the seafloor, so they can blend in better.
Stingrays reside in the sands around the vessel along with turtles and garden eels.
Stingrays seem to be a particular favorite of the great hammerhead.
Stingrays settle on the bottom while feeding , often leaving only their eyes and tail visible .
Stingrays settle on the bottom while feeding, often leaving only their eyes and tail visible.
Stingrays settle on the bottom while feeding, often leaving only their eyes and tails visible.
Stingrays show how to maneuver with grace, style and elegance in the watery depths of emotions.
Stingrays spend much of their time camouflaged in the sand like the one pictured here.
Stingrays swim by moving their pectoral fins up and down.
Stingrays take their name from the barbed spines at the base of their long, whiplike tail.
Stingrays teach the art of camouflage and blending in.
Stingrays use camouflage to protect themselves from predatory sharks and larger rays.
Stingrays use one or more large spines or stings on their tails as defensive weapons.
Stingrays use their tails to defend themselves against sharks and other predators.
Stingrays often dig into sediments in search of food leaving crater-like depressions.
Stingrays often feed on the bottom, leaving only their eyes and tails visible.
Many stingrays cover themselves with sand, becoming nearly invisible.
Many stingrays have a poisonous barb in their tail.
Many stingrays have sharp, venomous spines along their whip-like tail.
Most stingrays adapt to environments.
Most stingrays eat fish.
Most stingrays eat shrimp.
Most stingrays eat small fish.
Most stingrays enter water.
Most stingrays has-part teeth.
Most stingrays have buoyancy.
Most stingrays have capability.
Most stingrays have chances.
Most stingrays have fins.
Most stingrays have jaws.
Most stingrays have many features.
Most stingrays have mouths.
Most stingrays have one or more barbed stings on the tail, which is used 'only' for self-defense.
Most stingrays have senses.
Most stingrays have shapes.
Most stingrays have small mouths.
Most stingrays have strong jaws.
Most stingrays have strong senses.
Most stingrays have tails.
Most stingrays have teeth.
Most stingrays inhabit tropical water.
Most stingrays live at or near the bottom of the water , but some are pelagic .
Most stingrays live at or near the bottom of the water, but some are pelagic.
Most stingrays reach maturity.
Most stingrays reach sexual maturity.
Some stingrays conceal themselves on a sandy bottom.
Some stingrays have disks.
Some stingrays have problems.
Some stingrays have types.
Some stingrays have whips.
Some stingrays live in zones.
Stingy bundle lacks sound card and software.
A stinker is a person
Stinker is right.
Stinker loves to play but is shy around strangers.
Stinker means coffee coloured bean which has a sour or unpleasant smell when cut.
Stinkhorn spores are contained in a slime that smells like rotten meat.
A stinkhorn is a fungus
Stinkhorns also use an animal vector to disperse spores.
Stinkhorns are a folk remedy against cancer in Eastern Europe.
A stinkpot is a mud turtle
Stinkpots are also fairly aggressive when restrained.
Stinkpots are mainly nocturnal, especially in the warmest summer months.
Stinkpots feed off the bottom of their marshy homes.
Stinky breath go in, stinky game come out.
Stinky dogs tend to stink as more of a symptom of something else.
A stint is a duration
Stint is the same way.
A stipe is a stem
Stipes are straight and glossy in appearance with an even cut edge.
Stipes continue down the legs to the hooves.
Stipend also supports graduate study in the U.S. or in foreign countries.
Stipend are available for some semesters.
Stipend covers basic living expenses in Quito and some local travel.
Stipend covers in-state tuition for two semesters.
Stipend covers normal expenses and air fare.
Stipend covers travel, living and ruition expense.
Stipend covers tuition, fees, travel and living expenses.
Stipend covers tuition, travel and living expenses for two years.
Stipend covers tuition, travel, fees and maintenance.
Stipend depends on level of experience.
Stipend depends on needs of fellow.
Stipend includes vacation pay.
Stipend is a payment
Stipend is available depending on experience.
Stipend is available for transportation, living expenses, honorarium.
Stipend is available.
Stipend is based on research area and degree.
Stipend is based on the recipient's level of education and the length of the project period.
Stipend is commensurate with experience and demonstrated abilities.
Stipend is commensurate with local academic salaries, and includes round trip travel.
Stipend is commensurate with U of MN post-graduate fellowship year.
Stipend is commiserate with experience.
Stipend is included.
Stipend is less than college credit.
Stipend is negotiable.
Stipend is one half credit hour release time.
Stipend is paid.
Stipend is provided for each student plus research expenses, and in some cases, travel funds.
Stipend is provided.
Stipend is still available for Spanish speaking students.
Stipend is sufficient to meet normal expences of the country plus air fare.
Stipend offered - visit their website for more details.
Stipend varies for each program and includes room and board.
Stipend varies with duties performed.
Stipends are allowable for work performed by the intern.
Stipends are appropriately higher for senior awards.
Stipends are available .
Stipends are available as graduate research, teaching, curatorial and extension assistantships.
Stipends are available at the time of registration for the new semester.
Stipends are available each semester.
Stipends are available for a limited number of entering freshmen on a competitive basis.
Stipends are available for a limited number of entering freshmen.
Stipends are available for all participants.
Stipends are available for American Indian nursing students.
Stipends are available for course development during the summer months.
Stipends are available for downlink registration fees.
Stipends are available for each intern selected for the program.
Stipends are available for each workshop to help teachers cover their expenses.
Stipends are available for families.
Stipends are available for neurology residents to attend off-site national neurology conferences.
Stipends are available for participants.
Stipends are available for performing.
Stipends are available for playing.
Stipends are available for qualified students for study in Israel.
Stipends are available for research studies.
Stipends are available for research that spans summer months.
Stipends are available for selected participants who are currently working in the United States.
Stipends are available for selected students who engage in special community service projects.
Stipends are available for some summer seminars, institutes, and study tours.
Stipends are available for summer support.
Stipends are available for summer work.
Stipends are available for teams of teacher educators.
Stipends are available from college funds, research grants, and training grants.
Stipends are available on a first come first served basis.
Stipends are Available Students from all fields encouraged to apply.
Stipends are available through special arrangement.
Stipends are available to approved interns.
Stipends are available to full time undergraduate and medical students.
Stipends are available to help defray expenses.
Stipends are available to selected participants.
Stipends are available, and free housing is arranged in university dormitories.
Stipends are available, on a competitive basis, for undergraduate research.
Stipends are available, some internships include housing.
Stipends are available.
Stipends are awarded for the academic year and tuition is waived for recipients.
Stipends are cash awards, paid on a biweekly basis.
Stipends are commensurate with the year of post graduate training.
Stipends are commensurate with the year of postgraduate training in pathology.
Stipends are comparable to other assistantships and tuition and fee waivers are granted.
Stipends are competitive with any graduate program in the country.
Stipends are competitive with initial tenure-track positions.
Stipends are competitive with other Ph.D. programs in the country.
Stipends are competitive with other research programs.
Stipends are competitive with similar fellowships at other research universities.
Stipends are competitive.
Stipends are determined according to the number of years of postdoctoral experience.
Stipends are determined on a yearly basis and are dependent on availability of funding.
Stipends are for one year and renewable.
Stipends are for the entire year.
Stipends are generally equivalent to a half-time research assistantship.
Stipends are highly competitive with any graduate program in the country.
Stipends are negotiable based on education and experience.
Stipends are negotiable, based on regular salary.
Stipends are negotiable, depending on qualifications and experience.
Stipends are non-renewable.
Stipends are non-transferable.
Stipends are offerings made at the time of celebrating the sacraments.
Stipends are optional.
Stipends are payments other than wages.
Stipends are revenue-neutral as determined by department chairs and deans.
Stipends are sometimes available.
Stipends are subject to change based on available funds.
Stipends are subject to change.
Stipends are subject to federal income tax.
Stipends are subject to income taxes with few exceptions.
Stipends are taxable income.
Stipends are taxable.
Stipends are temporary.
Stipends are to be paid only for extended-day activities or for summer school.
Stipends are unchanged, but the period of eligibility is extended.
Stipends are under review.
Stipends are up to the applicant's salary at the home institution.
Stipends are usually competitive with other sources of funding.
Stipends are very competitive with other top research institutions.
Stipends can come and go, but once salaries are on the schedules, there really is no going back.
Stipends can support the registration costs for five students.
Stipends come through graduate assistantships, fellowships, and agency positions.
Stipends come with tuition remission and eligibility for state-supported health plans.
Stipends commensurate with clinical training level continue during the graduate years.
Stipends commensurate with educational level and experience.
Stipends commensurate with the level of postgraduate training in pathology or dermatology.
Stipends consist of a monthly maintenance allowance.
Stipends cover travel and living expenses.
Stipends cover tuition and fees, books and supplies, room and board, and health insurance.
Stipends cover tuition and fees.
Stipends cover tuition, fees, room and partial board.
Stipends depend of percentage of time and level of assistantship.
Stipends depend on level of previous training and experience.
Stipends depend on source of funding and length of time in the program.
Stipends depend on source of funding and level of experience.
Stipends depend on the applicants' qualifications, including their level of graduate course work.
Stipends depend on the level of previous training and experience.
Stipends depend upon assignment and qualifications.
Stipends Enter the number of trainees and stipend amount for each trainee.
Stipends generally increase each year.
Stipends help cover living and transportation costs.
Stipends increase with Ph.D. candidacy.
Stipends provide financial incentives to retain and attract teachers.
Stipends provide financial support related to specialized needs.
Stipends provide for educational fees, books and partial personal needs.
Stipends See the current stipend levels .
Stipends support up to four weeks of full-time research.
Stipends used for other purposes are taxable income.
Stipends vary according to country.
Stipends vary according to experience level.
Stipends vary according to student program and schedule.
Stipends vary according to the amount of work required and the experience of the student.
Stipends vary according to the percentage of appointment and length of service.
Stipends vary among academic departments.
Stipends vary and include a waiver of tuition and most fees.
Stipends vary based upon experience level.
Stipends vary by academic area.
Stipends vary by program and discipline.
Stipends vary by program, level of degree, assigned responsibility, and workload.
Stipends vary by program.
Stipends vary by the number of hours worked and experience level.
Stipends vary depending on hours worked and degree being pursued.
Stipends vary depending on the source.
Stipends vary depending on time worked and level of graduate education.
Stipends vary depending upon academic background and work responsibilities.
Stipends vary depending upon the student s qualifications and duties assigned.
Stipends vary depending upon the student's qualifications and duties assigned.
Stipends vary depending upon the student's's qualifications and duties assigned.
Stipends vary for each program.
Stipends vary from about half to the total cost of tuition and fees.
Stipends vary in accordance with individual circumstances.
Stipends vary in sum and length of tenure.
Stipends vary widely among departments.
Stipends vary with experience.
Stipends vary with seniority.
Stipends vary with the number of work hours per week.
Stipends vary with the qualifications of the appointee and the amount of service rendered.
Stipends vary with the type of work and the amount of time involved.
Stipends vary with work load and course load.
Stipends vary, and all awards include remission of nonresident tuition and certain fees.
Stipends vary, but all awards cover tuition and ordinary living expenses.
Stipends vary, depending on project.
Stipends vary, depending on time worked and level of graduate training.
Stipends usually are direct payments to students.
Stipends usually increase annually.
All stipends are determined on a yearly basis and are dependent on available and continued funding.
All stipends are pro-rated for partial completion.
All stipends are subject to availability of funds.
All stipends are taxable income.
All stipends are taxable.
Some stipends are also available for post-graduate opportunities.
Some stipends are also available for summer research.
Some stipends are available.
Some stipends require a work commitment for each year of graduate education funded by a stipend.
Stipended interns receive an annual salary, and medical and life insurance.
Stipple glass works on the whole different principle.
Stippled areas are islands.
Stippled areas are locations of abandoned strip mines and overburden piles as noted.
Stippled areas are outcrops of small rhyolite to quartz latite intrusives.
Stippled areas can unite into larger whitish blotches on mature leaves.
Stippled areas indicate upwelling.
Stippled calcification is also evident.
Stippled lines outline independent amino acid spin systems.
Stippled material represents polymerized actin.
Stippled regions show areas of convergence.
Stippled water can affect the listening, listing of continuity on the flat mud ooze.
Stipular scars encircle the twig.
Stipular scars vary greatly in size and shape from a small dot to a line that encircles the twig.
Stipular spines present.
Stipulated judgments have the force of law when signed by a judge.
Stipulated judgments have the force of law when signed by the judge.
Stipulated order have the force of law when signed by the judge.
Stipulated orders are disciplinary actions.
Stipulated orders have the force of law when signed by the judge.
A stipulation is an assumption
Stipulations apply- please fill out registration form for additional information and pricing.
Stipulations are binding contracts.
Stipulations are concessions.
Stipulations are restrictions.
Stipulations protect surface resources and subsistence activities throughout the planning area.
All stipulations regarding procedural matters are to be presented to the court for approval.
Some stipulations apply.
A stipule is a natural object
Stipules adnate, fimbriate on the margins, formig matted brown wool at the base of the leaves.
Stipules also occur at the base of the petioles but usually persist only for a short time.
Stipules are absent or fugacious.
Stipules are absent.
Stipules are adnate to the petiole or lacking.
Stipules are broad and coarsely toothed.
Stipules are conspicuous.
Stipules are lacknig.
Stipules are large and deciduous.
Stipules are present and are often gland-like.
Stipules are present at the base of the petioles.
Stipules are present, and the thick-based hairs on the lower leaf surface are unique.
Stipules are present, but deciduous.
Stipules are present, often forming an ocrea.
Stipules are present.
Stipules are produced by nearly all species, but in some they are small and fugacious.
Stipules are rare, and when present they are small or membranous.
Stipules are sometimes present as modified spines.
Stipules are two small flaps at the base of the leaf.
Stipules are uncommon among the monocotyledons, where they tend to be small and vestigial.
Stipules can be glandular, leafy, spiny, or scale-like.
Stipules can be present and absent.
Stipules occur at the nodes, and they become swollen and corky on older stems.
Stires does a little hip-shake, getting into the rhythm.
Stires plays piano.
Stirred tanks have intense mixing at the turbine tips and minimal mixing in the bulk of the volume.
Stirred vessels are an important part of production lines in chemical engineering.
Stirring device prevents boil-overs.
Stirring events are evident at the depression at the bottom of each cycle.
Stirring fans are optional.
Some stirring mechanism is required to keep the fluid moving.
Stirring reflections celebrate our common holy days and the phases of the church year.
Stirring stories occur when technology touches personal lives.
Stirring technique is very important.
Stirring techniques Add cold water to complete the necessary volume of solution.
A stirrup is support
Stirrup isa device.
Stirrups are adjustable in length, with back of knee support.
Stirrups are available that can comfortably position the patient.
Stirrups are devices.
Stirrups are part of saddles.
Stirrups are parts.
Stirrups are support.
Stirrups come in a variety of shapes.
Stirrups come in different widths and cowboys prefer different style stirrups for different tasks.
Stirrups Explain the purpose of a stirrup.
Stirrups have (part) sections.
Stirrups lend themselves easily for hanging as they come with a hole or a bar for the leather strap.
Stirrups provide a number of advantages to the horseback rider.
Stirrups undone, and decorum.
Most stirrups are part of saddles.
Stitch border edges down to top piece and batting.
Stitch design varies and is largely an aesthetic consideration.
A stitch is needlecraft
Stitch ends in place.
Stitch strips together using a french seam.
Stitches also affect people who have consumed little or nothing at all.
Stitches also occur more often when running downhill or in cold weather.
Stitches are either crosses, straight stitches, knots and other lumps, and loop stitches.
Stitches are just out.
Stitches are no big deal.
Stitches are nothing more than a thread with a curved needle on the end.
Stitches are one of a needlworkers tools for creating texture and dimension on fabric.
Stitches are only occasionally necessary.
Stitches are over one and two threads.
Stitches are ready for removal at different times, depending on the site.
Stitches are required, the procedure is much more invasive, and scars remain.
Stitches are whole stitches.
Stitches assembly inside out and combines individual assemblies into completed toys.
Stitches beads individually or in clumps onto leather article to transfer from drawing or loom.
Stitches can become loose or infected.
Stitches can go in any direction because of the random wrapped thread surface of the ball.
Stitches can help reduce the amount of scarring.
Stitches change, scales increase and decrease and colours become bolder and brighter.
Stitches go through the spine linings around three threads at head and tail.
Stitches have no meaning.
Stitches help the cut heal faster and reduce the chance of scarring.
Stitches help the cut heal.
Stitches help to stop bleeding, reduce scarring, and decrease the chance of infection in the wound.
Stitches involve a repair to insure the smallest and least noticeable scar.
Stitches is an excellent talker and a very loving personality.
Stitches normally come on during hard workouts or races.
Stitches provide the best insurance for holding the edges together, but they can cause scaring, too.
Stitches rip and break.
Stitches rough up the surface air and enhance the baseball's lift.
Stitches secure the layers of tissue and close the incisions.
Stitches used are cross and back.
Stitches used are cross stitch and backstitch.
Stitches used are cross stitch, Algerian eye, four-sided square stitch, and backstitch.
Stitches used are cross stitch, four-sided stitch, and Algerian eye.
Stitchs are connectors.
Stitchs are fictional characters.
Stitchs are pain.
Stitchs are thread.
All stitches are vertical.
All stitches are very easy and can be learned by any crafter.
All stitches hold hands , or share holes.
Every stitch counts when creating tomorrow's heirlooms.
Every stitch covers so many mesh.
Every stitch goes in by hand.
Every stitch is made by hand, using only a needle and a thread.
Every stitch is rich with meaning.
Every stitch is taken by hand.
Every stitch is the same size and adds a delightful pattern to the bowls.
Every stitch stands for a thought of the hills and our good times.
Many stitches are suitable for sewing down a hem.
More stitches only tear the leather.
Most stitches are over two threads except for verse and small alphabet.
Stitchdown construction provides comfort and durability.
A stitcher is a finisher
A stitcher is a garment worker
Stitchers are finishers.
Stitchers bear their crosses better.
Stitchers love the interesting subjects and stylish designs.
Stitchers sew the uppers into place.
Stitchers visit and share ideas and work on mission projects as needed.
Stitchers work on one block each month using overdyed threads from four distinct color families.
Many stitchers like to mark on their charts.
Most stitchers prefer starting at or near the center point.
Some stitchers do, while others stitch in the hand.
Some stitchers like to make an enlarged copy of designs so they can read it easier.
Some stitchers prefer to lace their needlework to the foam core.
Some stitchers send charts with their fabric.
Stival shoes are a well respected name brand in the Czech Republic.
STMP servers tend to be difficult to administer.
A stoat is a weasel
Stoat isa ermine.
Stoats also feed heavily on reptiles and invertebrates.
Stoats also take the eggs of chickens and game birds.
Stoats are absent from Mediterranean countries and Southern Europe.
Stoats are another name for weasel.
Stoats are as deadly for native insects, bats and other native birds as they are for kiwi.
Stoats are avid climbers, feeding on birds, rats, mice, and invertebrates.
Stoats are by far the most serious threat to kiwi survival.
Stoats are carnivorous feeding on rabbits, small rodents, rats, water voles and birds on the ground.
Stoats are classified as omnivores.
Stoats are completely white in winter, except for the black tips of their tails.
Stoats are ermines.
Stoats are found in a variety of habitats in North America, Europe and Asia.
Stoats are found throughout New Zealand at all altitudes, but are common in forest and open country.
Stoats are larger and have longer tails which end in a black tip.
Stoats are larger than weasels and have a longer tail with a black tip.
Stoats are larger than weasels and have longer tails with a distinctive black tip.
Stoats are long and thin with short legs , small ears , and thick warm fur .
Stoats are long and thin with short legs, small ears, and thick warm fur.
Stoats are mammals.
Stoats are native to a wide range of the Northern Hemisphere.
Stoats are one of the most widespread mustelids.
Stoats are polygamous beings.
Stoats are preyed upon by birds of prey and larger carnivores such as foxes, martens, and fishers.
Stoats are skilful predators , typically feeding on rabbits and small rodents .
Stoats are small, skinny mammals.
Stoats are so savage they can easily overwhelm animals more than twice their own size.
Stoats are very agile and good climbers.
Stoats are weasels.
Stoats attack rabbits.
Stoats eat meat.
Stoats have (part) brains.
Stoats have (part) breasts.
Stoats have (part) cell membranes.
Stoats have (part) cells.
Stoats have (part) chest cavities.
Stoats have (part) chests.
Stoats have (part) corpi.
Stoats have (part) cytoplasm.
Stoats have (part) ears.
Stoats have (part) faces.
Stoats have (part) heads.
Stoats have (part) nuclei.
Stoats have (part) pedal extremities.
Stoats have (part) piluses.
Stoats have (part) plasma membranes.
Stoats have (part) rib cages.
Stoats have (part) sections.
Stoats have (part) skulls.
Stoats have (part) sterna.
Stoats have (part) vacuoles.
Stoats have (part) vertebrate feet.
Stoats have a conspicuous black tip to the tail and are often seen near rabbit warrens.
Stoats have a good sense of smell , and they talk and hunt using smell .
Stoats have a good sense of smell and often detect bats in their roosts.
Stoats have a good sense of smell, and they talk and hunt using smell.
Stoats have attacks.
Stoats have dens.
Stoats have heads.
Stoats have long tails.
Stoats have panic attacks.
Stoats have ranges.
Stoats have tails.
Stoats kill by going for the throat with their razor sharp teeth.
Stoats kill nesting females and destroy eggs all over New Zealand.
Stoats kill prey.
Stoats kill suitable prey.
Stoats live alone and are territorial .
Stoats live alone and are territorial.
Stoats live in any habitat in which they can find prey.
Stoats live in open country, especially in places where there are stone walls and undergrowth.
Stoats live in temperate , subarctic northern areas .
Stoats live in temperate , subarctic northern areas.
Stoats live in temperate, subarctic northern areas.
Stoats live in wild as well as residential areas.
Stoats mainly feed on rodents , rabbits and birds .
Stoats mostly diet on other small mammals like rabbits and mice.
All stoats celebrate their collective birthday.
Most stoats are classified as omnivores.
Most stoats eat meat.
Most stoats have attacks.
Most stoats have dens.
Most stoats have heads.
Most stoats have long tails.
Most stoats have panic attacks.
Most stoats have ranges.
Most stoats have tails.
Most stoats kill prey.
Most stoats kill suitable prey.
Some stoats affect growth.
Some stoats affect population growth.
Some stoats eat amphibians.
Some stoats eat rabbits.
Some stoats eat rats.
Some stoats have distinctive black tips.
Some stoats have expectancy.
Some stoats have nipples.
Some stoats have sharp teeth.
Some stoats have teeth.
Some stoats have tips.
Some stoats kill shrews.
Some stoats occupy ranges.
Some stoats occur in habitats.
Some stoats turn partially or completely white in winter when they are considered to be in ermine.
A stob is a stick
Some stobs prove to be duds, resonating at an ineffectual frequency.
More stobe lights are in the photos below.
Stochastic analysis is concerned with random change over time, or random evolution.
Stochastic code can be difficult to debug.
Stochastic events are the random, unusual weather conditions such as wind direction and speed.
Stochastic events can trigger large state shifts in ecosystems with reduced resillience.
Stochastic fatigue crack growth in steel structures subjected to random loading.
Stochastic fluctuations play a fundamental role in memory systems.
Stochastic fluctuations play an important role in learning algorithms.
Stochastic models are what is being called for here.
Stochastic models assume probabilistic distributions for the values of variables in models.
Stochastic models incorporate uncontrolled variation in some way.
Stochastic models predict variable outcomes based on probabilities of occurrence.
Stochastic models provide a zero-order theory of the decadal variations in North Pacific.
Stochastic printing is rather interesting, as far as techniques go.
A stochastic process is a model
Stochastic processes are especially important for small populations.
Stochastic processes are important in non-equilibrium statistical mechanics and disordered solids.
Stochastic processes are models.
Stochastic processes arise from the study of fluctuations in physical systems.
Stochastic programming is the study of procedures for decision making under uncertainty over time.
Stochastic programming provides an appropriate modeling framework for many such problems.
Stochastic resonance is realized through tuning the balance between excitation and inhibition.
Stochastic simulation is applied and climate scenarios are used to generate stochasticity.
Stochastic simulation is one of the key options available to analyze models.
Stochastic simulation provides information about the likelihood of an entire range of outcomes.
Stochastic simulation shows very few eventual reactions.
Stochastic simulation shows very low probability of crossing the energy barrier.
Most stochastic simulators use simple analytic models that are usually one dimensional.
Stochastic stability is applied to the problem of exchange.
Stochastic values rising when price action flattens or declines is very, very bearish.
Stochastic vehicle routing problems with seasonal fluctuations are main aspects.
A stochasticity is irregularity
Stochasticity has a larger effect in nutrient-poor environments.
Stock ales are aged in the cask, while mild ales are served fresh.
Stock analysts are all liars period.
Stock analysts compare earnings from one quarter to the corresponding previous year's quarter.
Stock analysts contend stockholders expect improved profits no matter what.
Stock analysts note a curious turn of history.
Stock analysts opine that the latest move of the week is somebody's coup.
Stock analysts prognosticate all the time.
Most stock analysts recommend it as a hold.
Stock art is also available.
Stock art is available.
Stock assessment is a relatively young science in the Pacific.
Stock breeding emblems.
Stock brokers are optimistic about the outlook for the next few months.
Stock brokers do it on the margin.
Stock brokers earn lots of money and lots of ulcers.
Stock brokers have peoples money in their hands.
Stock brokers sell securities to the brokerage firm s clients.
Stock brokers sell securities to the brokerage firm's clients.
Stock brokers toolbox.
Stock brokerages have networks of associates called remisiers who focus on retail investors.
A stock buyback is a purchase
Stock buybacks anticipate higher share prices.
Stock buybacks are a foolish waste of corporate money.
Stock buybacks are purchases.
Stock buybacks can be accretive to earnings.
Stock buybacks increase an investor's earnings and the value of shares.
Stock buybacks offer the management more flexibility in the size and timing of the trades.
Stock buybacks save taxes.
Stock buyers take note.
A stock car is a racing car
Stock cars are a different sport.
Stock cars are cars.
Stock cars are race cars.
Stock cars are racers.
Stock cars are the most basic and resemble a canoe.
Stock cars race around the South's fastest quarter-mile oval dirt track.
Stock cars rely heavily on the draft.
A stock certificate is a certificate
Stock certificates are free upon request.
Stock certificates are individually and distinctively marked.
Stock certificates are security.
Many stock certificates are collectible just for their intrinsic beauty or interesting engraving.
Stock characters are very evident in their performances.
Stock characters can be heroic, ordinary, or villainous.
A stock company is a theater company
Stock companies are companies.
Stock companies are in business to benefit their owner-stockholders.
Stock companies are theater companies.
Stock companies dealing in financial activities require a licence from the Bahrain monetary agency.
Stock company orchards, while frequently successful, sometines operate at a disadvantage.
Stock control is optional and simply turned on or off in the setup screen.
Stock control is strict and closely co-ordinated.
A stock dividend is a dividend
Stock dividends create greater economic benefits to shareholders than stock splits.
Stock dividends permit the conversion of a dividend into a capital gain.
A stock exchange is an exchange
Stock exchanges act as auction houses.
Stock exchanges are exchanges.
Stock exchanges are office buildings.
Stock exchanges are stores .
Stock exchanges are very sensitive to all the fluctuations and changes taking place in industry.
Stock exchanges are well regulated.
Stock exchanges continue to beat up Tampa Bay's thinly traded companies.
Stock exchanges serve a similar function.
Stock exchanges verify all trading and transactions.
Stock farming is an important agricultural activity.
Stock feed is limited.
Stock footage is available in both film and video formats.
Stock footage is noticeably identifiable with a more weathered look.
Stock footage is used to good effect.
Stock frame rails front and rear.
Stock funds are generally divided in two ways.
Stock funds are more appropriate for Teenvestors than bond funds.
Stock funds are nothing more than large baskets of stocks.
Stock funds are subject to dramatic short term price fluctuations.
Stock funds come in every imaginable variety.
Stock funds invest in common stocks, which represent part ownership of corporations.
Stock funds invest in stocks, which are the equivalent of owning part of a company.
Stock funds invest mainly in stocks.
Stock funds rely on their holdings to rise in value in order to deliver good returns.
Most stock funds fail to beat the market.
Most stock funds make capital gains and income distributions near year end.
Stock guns are by no means a thing to laugh at at the field.
Stock guns are just the way they come out of the box with the exception of target sights.
Stock images abound.
Stock images are also available.
Stock images are existing images licensed by usage.
Stock images can be useful to publishers on a tight budget.
All stock images are royalty-free .
A stock index is an indicator
Most stock indexes give more weight to larger companies.
Stock investors are concerned about earnings.
Stock investors are interested in the added risk to their diversified portfolio.
Stock investors go for quick money which is always very risky.
Stock investors love rate cuts because they stimulate the economy.
Most stock investors get less than average returns.
Some stock investors take added risks in the hope of greater returns.
A stock issue is an issuance
Stock issue expenses iv.
Stock lending is available.
Stock listings run daily on the Business page.
Stock management is another strategic necessity.
Stock management is vital and the following measures are very important.
Stock manipulation involves illegal buying, selling, or trading of stocks and bonds.
A stock market is an exchange
Stock market crashes leading to the great depression.
Stock market crashes.
Stock market discount the future.
Stock market indices Many investors like to keep track of how companies in general are performing.
Stock market is a form of legalized gambling.
Stock market is a leading economic indicator.
Stock market is ho-hum after the cut.
Stock market is in a lull.
Stock market is just like everything in the nature, moving up and down.
Stock market is too expensive a place to find that out.
Stock market moves higher.
Stock market moves much higher.
Stock market needs improvements .
Stock market picks tips.
Stock market proves intriguing.
Stock market quotes here .
Stock market reports in an afternoon newspaper are worthless, to name just one reason.
Stock market reports Reports on the daily fluctuations of the stock markets.
Stock market returns with no risk sounds great, but there is no such thing as a free lunch.
Stock market rhythms Trading techniques Look no further.
Stock market speculators weren t the only ones taking it on the chin last week.
Stock markets allow people to use their savings to buy stocks.
Stock markets appear unruly at times, but they are tightly regulated.
Stock markets are cyclical in nature.
Stock markets are down in early trading.
Stock markets are exchanges for the buying and selling of equities, or shares, in corporations.
Stock markets are important to nearly everyone.
Stock markets are inherently rational, and they are correctly valued.
Stock markets are jittery.
Stock markets are more than thermometers.
Stock markets are nervous.
Stock markets are no gamble.
Stock markets are no longer the exclusive purview of a few rich nations.
Stock markets are now a central source of capital.
Stock markets are open on business days around the clock, around the world.
Stock markets are part of economy.
Stock markets are pretty high right now, but sometimes the stock market gets low.
Stock markets are the major exit for our investments.
Stock markets are up too, including our own, and so are growth forecasts for the Asian region.
Stock markets are, the other joke goes, the country's only legal form of gambling.
Stock markets can crash.
Stock markets dive one day, soar the next.
Stock markets fluctuate.
Stock markets follow quarterly and annual earnings.
Stock markets go down as well as up.
Stock markets go up while the economy is still in recession.
Stock markets hate change.
Stock markets have virtually nothing to do with real investment by real businesses.
Stock markets plunge.
Stock markets quote both sides of the trade.
Stock markets reflect information well even though most investors are highly ignorant.
Stock markets rely on the infrastructure of banks and the payments system.
Stock markets reopen.
Stock markets reward companies that take the long view.
Stock markets rise and fall based on long-term knowledge of corporate success.
Stock markets rise and fall, but individual stocks follow the success of the underlying business.
Stock markets rise and fall.
Stock markets seem to go up and down on perception rather than reality.
Stock markets show remarkably little respect for people or their reputations.
Stock markets show very strong reversion to the mean.
Stock markets succumb to worries over profits and economic growth.
Stock markets tend to move in cycles, with periods when prices rise and others when they fall.
Stock Markets Watch the world stock market indicies.
Stock markets wobble on Japan's continued bad news.
All stock markets are speculative bubbles.
Stock numbers appear under the name of every box.
Stock numbers appear under the name of every item.
A stock option is a benefit
Stock option hire grants in the high-technology industry.
Stock options allow a person to buy stock at a future date at a price set on the grant date.
Stock options allow an executive to purchase shares at a future date at today's price.
Stock options allow employees to buy a set number of shares of the company's stock at a set price.
Stock options are a big part of the lure, of course.
Stock options are a different beast.
Stock options are a global magnet for the high-elite regardless of place of birth.
Stock options are a global magnet for the high-tech elite, regardless of their places of birth.
Stock options are a great idea in theory.
Stock options are a key component of the compensation package.
Stock options are a key part of compensation in high-tech startups that plan to go public quickly.
Stock options are a rarity in Japan.
Stock options are a separate equity security under the Exchange Act.
Stock options are a valuable investment alternative for employees of publicly traded companies.
Stock options are also a part of the compensation plan for corporate managers.
Stock options are also very complex and can get entangled in securities law.
Stock options are always a gambol.
Stock options are always a plus for employees looking for a new job.
Stock options are American style.
Stock options are an important acquisition tool for SAIC employees.
Stock options are an important financial incentive to tech workers.
Stock options are an important portion of compensation in many high tech companies.
Stock options are an increasingly important form of compensation for corporate managers.
Stock options are another draw.
Stock options are another popular lure for new employees, particularly at start-up companies.
Stock options are attractive for several reasons.
Stock options are attractive to issuers because they receive favorable accounting treatment.
Stock options are available after one year.
Stock options are available as a performance incentive.
Stock options are available.
Stock options are bafflingly complex financial instruments.
Stock options are benefits.
Stock options are definitely an upside of working at a start-up.
Stock options are even more confounding.
Stock options are huge.
Stock options are larger, and they have a shorter life span.
Stock options are like agency.
Stock options are negotiable based on relevant experience and accomplishments.
Stock options are nice if they mean something.
Stock options are nice, but life options are better.
Stock options are no guarantee.
Stock options are one of the most popular incentives used in high-tech industries today.
Stock options are one way.
Stock options are only attractive if the promise of high financial rewards exists.
Stock options are options.
Stock options are out.
Stock options are predominantly responsible for rising pay at the top.
Stock options are standard, often more than doubling workers' salaries in a few years.
Stock options are still an attraction but they are the icing on the cake.
Stock options are stock options.
Stock options are the building blocks of the new economy.
Stock options are the currency of the economy today.
Stock options are the hottest negotiating point in today s hot IT market, according to experts.
Stock options are the Lotto ticket of Silicon Valley, with one important difference.
Stock options are the right to buy shares at a set price at a certain time.
Stock options are today's funny money, used to pay for everything from haircuts to office space.
Stock options are, by far, the most popular tool.
Stock options become a big incentive for people to join our company.
Stock options becomes overpriced or going much lower than their real value.
Stock options can and do motivate executives and other employees.
Stock options can be valuable if a private company is later acquired.
Stock options can be valuable, but it's important to understand how they work.
Stock options can cement loyalty.
Stock options can motivate employees .
Stock options can reward workers who invest their time and hopes in their company.
Stock options continue to be the coin of the realm.
Stock options create a team atmosphere.
Stock options do carry the risk of an employee exodus once the deal closes.
Stock options do involve direct ownership over stock for the employee.
Stock options entitle the holder to buy a stock at a previously set price.
Stock options fit that definition.
Stock options give an employee the right to purchase stock at some predefined cost.
Stock options give their holders the right to buy shares of a company's stock at a specified price.
Stock options go to employees at all levels.
Stock options have no similar limitations.
Stock options help, too.
Stock options hold little immediate allure in the current bear market for tech shares.
Stock options hurt CEOs CEOs are still riding high from a hot market for top management talent.
Stock options is a tricky area.
Stock options is one of many areas being explored.
Stock options look simple and innocuous but are fraught with dangers in our conditions.
Stock options make up for the disparity.
All stock options are American style.
All stock options are American-style.
Most stock options are short-term investment instruments, with expiration terms of several months.
Stock photos are almost always the least expensive alternative.
Stock photos are also available for enlarging and framing or for publication.
Stock photos are also available.
Stock photos are very reasonable and can capture most any thought, idea or concept.
Stock photos make nice backgrounds for title slides or can be used in publications.
All stock photos are available in digitized form.
All stock photos are critically sharp, visually interesting, with model and property releases.
Stock photographs are an integral part of our lives.
Stock photographs are existing images available for immediate use.
Stock photography are images that can be licensed for use.
Stock photography falls onto the same area as clip art, but with a higher price.
Stock photography is almost always work done on spec.
Stock photography is available.
Stock photography offers the guarantee.
Stock photography requires a simple contract that is usually based on usage and size specifications.
Stock picking can be fun and rewarding with the right tools.
Stock picking is a different matter.
Stock picking is but one subdivision of the art of achieving worldly wisdom.
Stock picking is difficult for professionals and amateurs alike.
Stock picking is just one part of the equation.
Stock picking is something that one has to love to do it well.
Stock price is completely dependent on market activity.
Stock price is determined by discounting future dividends.
Stock price is up.
Stock price seems to be a frustrating issue for most publicly traded golf companies.
Stock prices anticipate.
Stock prices are a function of dividends and future prices as well as the interest rate.
Stock prices are a measure of market expectations.
Stock prices are almost completely unpredictable in the short run.
Stock prices are also subject to both general economic and industry-specific market factors.
Stock prices are at record highs.
Stock prices are by their very nature volatile.
Stock prices are down, new money is scarce, and layoffs are common.
Stock prices are down.
Stock prices are falling to sanity levels, they say.
Stock prices are monetary values.
Stock prices are much more susceptible to liquid dreams.
Stock prices are often determined on the offering bid.
Stock prices are only updated weekly.
Stock prices are prices.
Stock prices are simply the response of buyers and sellers to information about public companies.
Stock prices are sort of like that.
Stock prices are the lowest in years, but few companies are repurchasing shares.
Stock prices are therefore likely to move higher.
Stock prices are up but people keep losing jobs.
Stock prices are up, losses are down.
Stock prices are up, with all the indexes exploring new highs.
Stock prices are up.
Stock prices are updated, etc.
Stock prices are volatile.
Stock prices begin fluctuating wildly.
Stock prices can be extremely volatile, especially technology stocks.
Stock prices can move so fast that order executions lag badly behind price fluctuations.
Stock prices change constantly because there are millions of transactions going on at the same time.
Stock prices change.
Stock prices collapse some more.
Stock prices continue to plunge.
Stock prices do fluctuate.
Stock prices do go up most of the time.
Stock prices do represent the real cost of buying a company.
Stock prices drop before profits start to drop.
Stock prices escalate when enough investors start buying stocks again.
Stock prices exhibit similar behavior.
Stock prices fall sharply at the time of the default announcement.
Stock prices fluctuate and can result in capital gains or losses.
Stock prices fluctuate more than values.
Stock prices follow earnings .
Stock prices follow earnings and right now earnings growth is largely negative.
Stock prices go into a free fall.
Stock prices go up and down.
Stock prices go up when interest rates go down, and fall when interest rates go up.
Stock prices go up, and over time, generally go up more than they go down.
Stock prices have a tendency to act a little lazy in the heat.
Stock prices have a tendency to go up as interest rates go down.
Stock prices have slumped, so now they are cheap, the optimists argue.
Stock prices keep rising The forecasters remain optimistic about the stock market.
Stock prices level off, then rocket.
Stock prices mint fortunes at the speed of a mouse click.
Stock prices move back and forth endlessly.
Stock prices move rapidly on greed and fear, and tend to crash faster than they rise.
Stock prices plummet.
Stock prices plunge as the Montreal and Toronto stock exchanges suffer the worst crash ever.
Stock prices reflect consensus expectations about future earnings and overall business conditions.
Stock prices reflect corporate profitability and performance and help determine investment.
Stock prices reflect the first, because they often result in dividends for the financier.
Stock prices reflect the interests of investors.
Stock prices remain high, they say, and the economy is heading for a recession.
Stock prices represent the present value of future cash flows.
Stock prices respond immediately to events in the industry or world.
Stock prices rise and fall.
Stock prices rise because the value of the companies they represent rises.
Stock prices rise if the dividend effect is greater, and they fall if the discount effect dominates.
Stock prices rise or fall.
Stock prices rise when inflation and interest rates go down and earnings go up.
Stock prices rise, wealth is created and prosperity is the order of the day.
Stock prices seem steady.
Stock prices show parts of a dollar as fractions.
Stock prices soar too high or fall too low.
Stock prices stay where they are for many years.
Stock prices tend to anticipate an economic recovery.
Stock prices tend to be driven by earnings growth.
Stock prices tend to fall when interest rates go up.
Stock prices track earnings.
Stock prices vary widely over time.
Stock prices zip up and down based on what they say.
Every stock price exhibits some degree of predictability through recognizable patterns.
Many stock prices are available here free of charge.
Most stock promoters die broke.
Stock quotes are also available.
Stock quotes are available via agsub.
Stock quotes are live.
Stock quotes are price guides.
Stock quotes go out in packets , giving a set of twenty or so quotes.
Stock quotes scroll through it.
Stock removal can produce a wavy pattern by causing distortions where steel has been removed.
Stock removal is preset, and the machine shuts off automatically when the honing cycle is completed.
Stock removal is preset.
Stock repurchases are common, especially when prices are low and companies have excess cash.
Stock repurchases are good news because they reduce the free cash flow problem.
Stock screens are filter-equipped databases of publicly traded companies.
Stock screens are really data-mining tools.
Stock solutions are solutions which contain only a single buffer system or chemical.
Stock solutions are useful for creating recipes for crystallzation matrices.
A stock split is an increase
Stock splits affect only the par value of the stock and the number of shares outstanding.
Stock splits are like dividend increases.
Stock splits are meaningless.
Stock splits are really psychological, though.
Stock splits are usually very positive.
Stock splits can be positive news.
Stock splits can occur at odd fractions.
Stock splits create greater economic benefits to shareholders than stock dividends.
Stock splits do appear to enhance marketability.
Stock splits have nothing to do with any of the above.
Stock splits make the per share price of a stock seem more palatable to retail investors.
A stock symbol is a symbol
Stock symbols are in parentheses after the company name.
Stock symbols are symbols.
Stock symbols shown here are for illustrative purposes only.
Stock tanks are dry.
Stock tanks are low.
Stock tanks remain at good levels.
Stock tanks remain low.
Stock trade is markets.
A stock trader is a dealer
Stock trader turns organic farmer.
Stock traders are traders.
Stock traders can find free quotes and charts HERE .
Stock traders engage in a language all their own.
Stock traders know all about Island.
Stock traders look at earnings reports and commodity traders look at crop estimates.
Stock traders make piles of money off moving bits of paper.
Stock traders tend to make most money when the economy booms.
Stock trading becomes software, which means it follows the laws of technology.
Stock trading is an Ideal Profession fueled by the Internet.
Stock trading is available within in the same account.
Stock trading is very volatile.
Stock transfer can also increase the level of tenant involvement .
Stock transfer can only proceed on a voluntary basis.
Stock transfer means transferring ownership of shares from one shareholder to a new shareholder.
Stock transfers take time, so order early for gift giving.
Stock turnover is low, so expenses are also low, giving index funds a head start in performance.
Stock valuation is made easy and control is improved over levels of redundant stock.
Stock valuations are generally high, which frequently results in extreme price volatility.
Stock valuations continue to remain depressed.
Stock values are still relatively low.
Stock values are up and rising.
Stock values continue to exceed all rational expectations.
Stock values go up down.
Stock variables are money supply, food, clothing, bonds, and savings accounts.
Stock watering is a domestic use.
Stock also has larger diameter than scion.
Stock also includes beanie buddies, attic treasures, beanie kids and related accessories.
Stock apearing big bore carbs are also a specialty.
Stock are at risk if forced to graze into dead litter close to the soil.
Stock are free from overt disease.
Stock are generally in good to excellent condition.
Stock are generally the less expensive than other breeds.
Stock are goats, sheep, and ducks.
Stock are in an average to above average condition.
Stock are in good strong condition.
Stock are in good to excellent condition throughout the region.
Stock are sheep, cattle and maybe ducks.
Stock are very dependable, producing fragrant flowers that are excellent cut flowers.
Stock argues that the right of all children to a moral, values-based education is at stake.
Stock become continuously tighter.
Stock brokerages employ lawyers to provide investment advice to consumers.
Stock bubbles in a pot.
Stock buy backs, splits and short interest data.
Stock cages afford customers prompt installation and turn-up of service.
Stock cams only.
Stock can also transport and spread invasive species.
Stock can also uproot plants from waterlogged soils.
Stock can be common or preferred, voting or nonvoting, convertible, redeemable, and so on.
Stock can be difficult to work with.
Stock can be instrumental in attracting and keeping key personnel.
Stock can make or break soup.
Stock changes constantly.
Stock changes daily so check back often or call our toll free number to check availabilty.
Stock changes daily so please inquire to make sure items are still available before ordering.
Stock changes frequently and prices make shipping affordable.
Stock changes frequently.
Stock changes on a daily basis.
Stock changes regularly.
Stock changes so quickly that lists are always out of date.
Stock changes weekly.
Stock continues to rise because of overall skills and work ethic.
Stock controlled by whomever holds the stock.
Stock counts to assure that only permitted livestock enter the allotment.
Stock covers jazz, classical, world music and reggae as well as the mainstream.
Stock depends on natural spatfall, which is collected on tarred and concreted hardwood sticks.
Stock desings free and for sale in most any format.
Stock dies and cuts at no extra charge.
Stock dives after warning of loss.
Stock does vary.
Stock eat it if no other feed is available.
Stock edits currently only undertaken prior to subject review.
Stock fatheads, golden shiners, threadfin shad, goldfish and, presumably, the kitchen sink.
Stock features a steel patch box.
Stock feels the love The Lion King for a Day.
Stock fluctuates daily.
Stock gifting programs are much more attractive at current pricing levels.
Stock given directly to charity is exempt from capital gains taxation.
Stock gives the trustee only the legal right and responsibility to manage the corporation.
Stock glassware up high to catch the light, larger items on bottom shelves, smaller items higher.
Stock goes down.
Stock goes up.
Stock has (part) brains.
Stock has (part) breasts.
Stock has (part) cell membranes.
Stock has (part) cells.
Stock has (part) chest cavities.
Stock has (part) chests.
Stock has (part) corpi.
Stock has (part) cytoplasm.
Stock has (part) ears.
Stock has (part) faces.
Stock has (part) heads.
Stock has (part) nuclei.
Stock has (part) pedal extremities.
Stock has (part) piluses.
Stock has (part) plasma membranes.
Stock has (part) rib cages.
Stock has (part) sections.
Stock has (part) skulls.
Stock has (part) sterna.
Stock has (part) vacuoles.
Stock has (part) vertebrate feet.
Stock has couple of surface cracks.
Stock has incredible potential.
Stock has numbers.
Stock has potential.
Stock includes a large selection of out of print materials, scholarly and popular.
Stock includes american, australian and new zealand bred dogs.
Stock includes books, tapes, videos, news cuttings and magazines.
Stock includes cheeses from across Europe.
Stock includes fragrances, cosmetics, bath, hair and skin products.
Stock includes furniture, accessories and collectibles.
Stock includes monographs, anthologies, regional histories, and unusual books.
Stock includes new, used, surplus and rebuilt equipment in current and obsolete designs.
Stock includes sheep and horses with stables and fenced paddocks.
Stock includes some pirate goods.
Stock includes travel, lifestyle, sports and Silicon Valley executive portraits.
Stock includes wearables, utility items, and travel or office-related products.
Stock is a call option on the value of company assets.
Stock is a certificate representing partial ownership of a public company.
Stock is a clear liquid, well flavored with bones, meat, vegetables, herbs, spices, and no salt.
Stock is a closed-end fund.
Stock is a colorful winter annual with blue, lavender, pink, red, white and yellow blossoms.
Stock is a form of capital, and companies often hold a chunk of their own stock.
Stock is a great medium for bacterial growth.
Stock is a great place to put tomato seeds and skins.
Stock is a lovely flower, available throughout the year, and has a nice fragrance.
Stock is a mixture of water and paper fiber.
Stock is a reasonably priced core holding that lacks a near-term catalyst.
Stock is a stocking stuffer.
Stock is a way of investing in intellectual capital.
Stock is accessed by stock code or partial description.
Stock is added as it's painted.
Stock is always available from the farm - both for the UK and export.
Stock is always clean shaven, by the way.
Stock is annual plants.
Stock is at all time high.
Stock is available at many Alberta nurseries.
Stock is available.
Stock is bait.
Stock is both hot rolled and precision ground.
Stock is bought and sold as shares.
Stock is brought in at the beginning of the month.
Stock is browsable by subject category.
Stock is by far the paramount asset of the new economy's ultra-rich.
Stock is capable of boughts.
Stock is capable of converteds.
Stock is capable of solds.
Stock is capital
Stock is capital.
Stock is classified by world federation standards prior to purchase.
Stock is clay coated to enhance printing and heat seal coating holdout.
Stock is constantly changing, so check back often.
Stock is constantly changing, so please call in to find out what is new.
Stock is constantly changing, so please visit often.
Stock is customized within each branch to suit the needs of the local market.
Stock is dependent on current availability as shipments are somewhat sporadic.
Stock is dependent upon woods that are available at any given time.
Stock is difficult to work with and cut.
Stock is driven off.
Stock is equities.
Stock is evidence of ownership in a corporation.
Stock is excellent in structure but a somewhat plain color compared to the other.
Stock is exposed.
Stock is extendable.
Stock is extensive but varies and much of our work is to order only.
Stock is extremely limited.
Stock is fairly limited.
Stock is fine.
Stock is flowers.
Stock is for rifles and shotguns.
Stock is for the novice racer to get accustomed to the experience.
Stock is frameworks.
Stock is from Italian champion hunting and show lines brought over personally.
Stock is given a T-shaped cut.
Stock is given to associates based on the profitability of each year.
Stock is good in some sizes.
Stock is grouped by type, desks are all together, as are conference tables, workstations etc.
Stock is hand inletted .
Stock is handles.
Stock is held by two to five individuals as joint tenants with rights of survivorship.
Stock is in the process of being canceled.
Stock is incomplete and binding of quarterly volumes has ceased.
Stock is inspected and rotated so that old stock is used up first.
Stock is investments.
Stock is issued after the entire subscription price has been collected.
Stock is limited and shipping is Free.
Stock is limited and sold on a first come first served basis.
Stock is limited at suppliers, so be quick before they're all out.
Stock is limited to available inventory.
Stock is limited.
Stock is located in markets.
Stock is low on our T-shirts.
Stock is lumber.
Stock is made from laminated plywood.
Stock is made of walnut.
Stock is mainly English but with some items from Europe ,China and Japan.
Stock is maintained on all titles.
Stock is meant to be aromatic without being overpowering.
Stock is merchandise.
Stock is metal.
Stock is mostly classical and opera with a little bit of jazz and folk.
Stock is mounted and milled.
Stock is never as valuable as when it is startup stock.
Stock is nice, but good old American greenbacks are the compensation of choice.
Stock is on the move with renewed interest.
Stock is on the west coast.
Stock is ownership in a company, broken up into pieces.
Stock is ownership in a company, with each share of stock representing a tiny piece of ownership.
Stock is ownership in a corporation.
Stock is ownership of a company.
Stock is part of artillery.
Stock is part of cues.
Stock is part of guns.
Stock is part of machine guns.
Stock is part of pistols.
Stock is part of whips.
Stock is permitted only on roads and trails open to stock use.
Stock is placed in the holding area until needed.
Stock is placed on table face down and top card is turned around into talon.
Stock is purchased every six months.
Stock is purchased in six-month contribution periods through payroll deductions.
Stock is readily available.
Stock is ready for use.
Stock is ready to roll.
Stock is replenished daily, and special order is availible for other goods.
Stock is representative of a branch library with emphasis on spoken word and large print.
Stock is representative of a branch library.
Stock is rotated in order to keep the freshest items available.
Stock is sent to an establishment for slaughter.
Stock is shipped from the warehouse and misplaced because the numbers are hard to read.
Stock is short.
Stock is shot with any stock gun.
Stock is similarly crucial to fine cuisine.
Stock is simple to make.
Stock is sold in units called shares, and each share represents a small part of the company.
Stock is stalks.
Stock is standard white.
Stock is stored in multiple locations and customer orders arrive randomly.
Stock is suitable for squeezable bottles.
Stock is support.
Stock is the backbone of soups and sauces.
Stock is the lower part of the plant and scion is the upper part of the plant.
Stock is the means by which ownership of the corporation is divided and assigned.
Stock is the plant or part on which the grafting or budding is done.
Stock is the serializable object containing stock data.
Stock is the sexier, more closely watched market, but debt is bigger.
Stock is used effectively.
Stock is valued for fragrant flowers that can be used as a fresh or dried cut flower.
Stock is very volatile.
Stock is vested when there's no risk of forfeiture .
Stock isa commodity.
Stock isa goods.
Stock isa mammal.
Stock issued by large and established companies are less volatile, steady growers.
Stock keeps one week refrigerated or can be frozen.
Stock looks dull.
Stock looks like it is ready to breakout to new highs.
Stock looks like it is starting to heat up.
Stock looks, but improved ignition.
Stock manifolds mandatory, cast iron only.
Stock markets up Frankfurt.
Stock means a stock motor on a stock frame.
Stock means stock motor on a stock frame.
Stock mixes for biscuits, pancakes, cakes, muffins and brownies.
Stock moving interstate and overseas require a clean treatment prior to movement.
Stock needs to be transferred slowly over a period of time to avoid adverse tax consequences.
Stock offer bright color and fragrance through the cold weather.
Stock offers one solution.
Stock only pays off in the long term, although it is a nice addition to traditional wages.
Stock photos religious churches Christian symbols.
Stock picks for both short term and long term investors.
Stock Picks Online investors can submit, post, research and chat about their stock picks.
Stock plans a career in music education.
Stock ponds low.
Stock provides a longer term return.
Stock purchases each month are just sufficient to cover the following month s projected sales.
Stock quotes from the worlds leading gaming companies.
Stock quotes on individual companies.
Stock quotes online.
Stock raising in some tropical areas is uneconomical because of attacks by vampires.
Stock ranges from TVs and hi-fis to tumble dryers and microwaves.
Stock reduces as a dish cooks, which concentrates the stock.
Stock refers to an equity or ownership interest in a corporation.
Stock refuses to go down.
Stock remain in good to excellent condition with prices buoyant.
Stock remains in good to excellent condition, in most areas.
Stock represents a person s ownership interest in a corporation.
Stock represents an ownership interest in the company.
Stock represents legal ownership of a portion of the income and assets of a corporation.
Stock represents ownership in a company.
Stock represents ownership of a company.
Stock represents part ownership of a company.
Stock represents the first stage of the flow cycle.
Stock results With four rounds in the books, seven drivers are still alive in Super Comp.
Stock runs over it and school children play with part of the tablets.
Stock saddle uncomfortable.
Stock seems to be gathering.
Stock seems to change fairly regularly.
Stock serves as an agent for photographers in licensing their works to others.
Stock shots - the marketplace, the pigs in the barn and the rooster on the fence.
Stock shows nice fiddleback, and has been refinished.
Stock shows ownership in a company.
Stock splits in and of themselves have no redeeming economic value, but they do contain information.
Stock splits predictions and analysis.
Stock trades only on profitable days avoid trades on loosing days.
Stock use the waterholes and trample the ground.
Stock varies seasonally.
Stock yields no dividends until claims of bondholders have been met.
Stocks adjust passively in the Keynesian framework.
Stocks also do well historically during the second half of election years.
Stocks also have memories.
Stocks also look expensive by a myriad of other measures.
Stocks also tend to do much better in declining rate environments than rising rate environments.
Stocks also tend to spike on the day they split.
Stocks anticipate the bottom in the tech profit cycle.
Stocks appear to be increasing throughout the Gulf of Alaska.
Stocks are a bigger part of their nest eggs.
Stocks are a bit trickier.
Stocks are a fashionable baby gift.
Stocks are a good gift to make, as is appreciated real estate.
Stocks are a long range investment.
Stocks are a major component of the millionaire commentator's personal wealth.
Stocks are a much better investment.
Stocks are a popular investments.
Stocks are a source of capital in the initial offering.
Stocks are accumulations.
Stocks are also little changed in early trading.
Stocks are always bought direct from the factory - there are no middle men to bump up prices.
Stocks are always good buys longer-term.
Stocks are among the lowest ever and demand continues to be strong.
Stocks are among the riskiest asset classes.
Stocks are an example of in tangible personal property.
Stocks are an income source option for retirement.
Stocks are an investment option.
Stocks are an investment, and tzedaka is too.
Stocks are at end of period.
Stocks are at end of year.
Stocks are at or above all-time record valuations while earnings outlooks are pedestrian. . . .
Stocks are at record highs relative to the earnings of the companies that they represent.
Stocks are available from many exchanges across the world.
Stocks are available in any solid color used in the camouflage patterns.
Stocks are back closer to their fundamental levels.
Stocks are back on the rise after bottoming out at New Year's.
Stocks are basically a small piece of ownership in a public company.
Stocks are basically the present value of future earnings.
Stocks are better for an investor if the dividends and capital gain distributions are reinvested.
Stocks are buoyant on the strength of a solid U.S. economy and steadily growing earnings.
Stocks are cheap relative to the bond market.
Stocks are cheap.
Stocks are claims against real assets.
Stocks are comfortable.
Stocks are completely unknown, and trapping virtually unregulated.
Stocks are delicious in low-fat sauces to replace milk or cream.
Stocks are down with most major indices in negative territory for the year.
Stocks are down, the dollar is strong and talk of a recession is in the air.
Stocks are down.
Stocks are easy.
Stocks are equities.
Stocks are equivalent to lump sum payments, and flows are equivalent to annuities.
Stocks are expensive by any historical measure .
Stocks are experiments in the creation of wealth.
Stocks are financial assets that represent an ownership claim on businesses.
Stocks are for long-term growth.
Stocks are for seven years or longer.
Stocks are generally negotiable.
Stocks are generic in nature.
Stocks are high.
Stocks are in short supply.
Stocks are in the midst of a bear market and it is caused by a rapidly deteriorating economy.
Stocks are in the stratosphere . . .
Stocks are inventory.
Stocks are items found in the storeroom of a grocery store.
Stocks are just bits of paper whose rise and fall have little to do with their underlying worth.
Stocks are just like any other commodity.
Stocks are just the beginning.
Stocks are limited and once they're gone, they're gone for good.
Stocks are limited and subject to availability.
Stocks are limited so dont delay.
Stocks are limited so it is advisable to check availability before ordering.
Stocks are limited.
Stocks are long-term investments.
Stocks are minimal.
Stocks are more bountiful when the bone is cut into smaller chunks.
Stocks are more volatile now than ever.
Stocks are more volatile than bonds, and bonds are more volatile than stable-value funds.
Stocks are more volatile than bonds, and bonds more volatile than cash.
Stocks are no different.
Stocks are no exception.
Stocks are of course limited.
Stocks are one example.
Stocks are one of the best weapons for fighting the effects of inflation.
Stocks are only risky in the short term.
Stocks are ownership shares in a corporation.
Stocks are ownership shares that investors buy in a corporation.
Stocks are perfect for framing.
Stocks are pieces of a company.
Stocks are pieces of businesses.
Stocks are pieces of paper which represent ownership in a company.
Stocks are popular because of their long-term performance.
Stocks are riskier in the short run but historically have had the best long-term returns.
Stocks are riskier than bank accounts.
Stocks are risky.
Stocks are safer investments than T-bills, bonds, or commodities, and they have higher returns.
Stocks are securities representing ownership shares.
Stocks are securities that represent ownership in a company.
Stocks are shares of a company.
Stocks are shares of equity or ownership in a corporation.
Stocks are shares of ownership in a business that people can buy.
Stocks are shares of ownership in a company.
Stocks are shares of ownership in companies.
Stocks are shares of ownership in corporations.
Stocks are shares of ownership of companies.
Stocks are simple.
Stocks are simply too volatile to finance wants and needs that are only a few years away.
Stocks are smaller bodies that are likely fed from deeper level batholiths.
Stocks are still a long-term hold.
Stocks are still cheap and there is plenty of time to participate.
Stocks are subject to depletion without notice.
Stocks are subject to volatility and can appreciate or depreciate in value.
Stocks are the cornerstones of most investment programs for institutions and individuals alike.
Stocks are the foundation of flavor in homemade soups.
Stocks are the highest yielding investments, but also carry high risk.
Stocks are the historically best performing asset classes and the best way to beat inflation.
Stocks are the one thing that no one buys when they go on sale.
Stocks are the same.
Stocks are titles which signify partial ownership of a company.
Stocks are too good a deal based on the amount of risk that's really involved.
Stocks are too risky.
Stocks are totals as of end of period.
Stocks are tradable pieces of paper that are merely a claim on a corporation's future earnings.
Stocks are units of a corporation's equity, while bonds are a debt or a liability of a corporation.
Stocks are unmatched in comparison to any other investing tool.
Stocks are up sharply today.
Stocks are up.
Stocks are very inexpensive in an economy where favorable pricing is hard to come by.
Stocks are very limited.
Stocks are volatile.
Stocks are vulnerable, consumers have big debts, the military situation is a question mark.
Stocks are way down.
Stocks are way, way down.
Stocks are weak.
Stocks can also depreciate in value if the company suffers losses or, in the extreme, goes bankrupt.
Stocks can also lose their status.
Stocks can appreciate in value as profits are earned.
Stocks can be a winner one day and lose the next.
Stocks can be almost as easy to give as cash.
Stocks can be either bearer or registered stocks.
Stocks can be volatile in the short term, but tend to perform well in the long term.
Stocks can be volatile over short periods of time.
Stocks can be volatile, but clearly offer the greatest opportunity for growth.
Stocks can breakdown before the fundamental logic for such a move is apparent.
Stocks can do the exact same thing.
Stocks can go down as well as up.
Stocks can go down for plenty of reasons.
Stocks can go up infinitely, but they can only go down to zero.
Stocks can offset inflation by rising in price and paying increased dividends.
Stocks can sometimes go up on bad news.
Stocks can split two for one, three for two, five for one, or any other combination.
Stocks can triple very fast before they get too expensive.
Stocks can turn quickly and losses can be heavy.
Stocks can typically start to rise as investors anticipate an economic recovery.
Stocks can usually accommodate two or more people.
Stocks can yield the highest percentages but also have the greatest risk.
Stocks can, in fact, go down without bouncing right back.
Stocks change all the time so please inquire with the Form at the bottom .
Stocks change daily.
Stocks charge forward one day only to dive on bad news the next.
Stocks come down for economic and psychological reasons.
Stocks come in three groups with identical pricing for each.
Stocks continue their downward spiral.
Stocks continue to drop relentlessly.
Stocks continue to fall On the Frankfurt stock exchange, prices continue to fall.
Stocks continue to gain importance as a leading indicator for Silicon Valley's housing market.
Stocks continue to look over-priced by many historic standards.
Stocks continue to rise.
Stocks copy machines, fax machine and printer with paper and toners.
Stocks daily move up and down by great leaps.
Stocks decline from time to time.
Stocks decline The crude price decline had a predictable effect on the stocks of energy companies.
Stocks display shelves with products.
Stocks display shelves with vehicle parts.
Stocks DO provide higher returns than bonds.
Stocks don t go up and down.
Stocks drop, paper wealth vanishes, consumer spending slumps.
Stocks earn dividends, and cash held earns interest.
Stocks end mixed, even in the face of scary economic data.
Stocks enhance the flavor of soup, sauces or gravies by adding depth and fullness to the flavor.
Stocks enhance the flavors of soups, gravies and sauces by adding depth and fullness to the flavor.
Stocks enhance the flavors.
Stocks exhibiting an increase in the rate of accumulation are potential buys.
Stocks explains how to choose and invest in stocks.
Stocks face plenty of hurdles ahead.
Stocks Fall as Pessimism Rises .
Stocks fall into one of two categories.
Stocks fall more quickly than they climb.
Stocks fall on good news, and rise on bad news.
Stocks fluctuate in price throughout the day, both up and down.
Stocks form the base of a multitude of soups.
Stocks generally have greater return potential than bonds, but the risk is higher.
Stocks generally rebound from year-end selling to post some of their strongest gains.
Stocks get all the media attention, even though the bond market is twice the size.
Stocks Get the latest stock quotes, updated continually throughout the day.
Stocks give better returns but are more risky.
Stocks go decimal on eve of new bull market.
Stocks go down as well as up.
Stocks go down for a reason.
Stocks go down for the opposite reasons.
Stocks go down, stocks go up, stocks go down again.
Stocks go down, stocks go up.
Stocks go down, then down some more, then up.
Stocks go down.
Stocks go into a substantial bear market and interest rates rise.
Stocks Go online for the big bucks.
Stocks go up and down all the time.
Stocks go up and stock go down.
Stocks go up and stocks go down sometimes at Internet speed.
Stocks go up in value because the management has been able to make the company more profitable.
Stocks go up on bad news and go up big on good news.
Stocks go up on rumor.
Stocks go up when there are more buyers than sellers.
Stocks go up with increased earnings.
Stocks go up, and stocks go down.
Stocks go up.
Stocks grown in the UK come from a very narrow genetic base, possibly from one original plant.
Stocks have a growth bias, and look how well they have done in the last two years alone.
Stocks have historically higher returns than bonds.
Stocks have relatively liquid markets and a sale can usually take place quickly.
Stocks have the best record for growth in the long-term.
Stocks have the highest returns.
Stocks have the potential to grow into a down payment for a home or even a retirement nest egg.
Stocks have to be stored.
Stocks here are still well below normal.
Stocks here vary.
Stocks jump amid tentative rebound .
Stocks just keep moving up.
Stocks just look plain saggy right now.
Stocks keep falling no matter how many cuts one tries.
Stocks Keep in touch with the market's latest ups and downs.
Stocks kitchen on a daily basis.
Stocks listed as stressed-declining include southern flounder, reef fish, American shad, and sharks.
Stocks live in the pressure tense as much as people do.
Stocks look more attractive compared with bonds and money market securities.
Stocks look to open sharply lower on more profit-warnings and maybe a resurgence of inflation.
Stocks lose value.
Stocks make great novelty gifts.
Stocks make such great playthings.
Stocks mean risk and return.
Stocks move in the path of least resistance.
Stocks move up on bad news and fall on good news.
Stocks move with the economy and on earnings growth.
Stocks moving up has twice the volumes of stocks moved down.
Stocks naturally gather together into groups based on their business or industry.
Stocks never climb for long when rates are rising.
Stocks offer a higher potential rate of return than other investments in exchange for greater risk.
Stocks offer a higher return but are also riskier and less accessible.
Stocks offer higher returns for investors who can ride out the downturns.
Stocks offer some inflation protection in the sense that companies can boost prices as costs rise.
Stocks only go into the portfolio if the reward significantly outweigh the universe.
Stocks only go up.
Stocks outperform bonds and cash investments over time.
Stocks owe roughly half their price movement to their industry groups.
Stocks pay for season tickets to the ballet, symphony and theater.
Stocks pay little or no dividends and are purchased for long-term capital appreciation.
Stocks plunge amid massive job cuts and lowered expectations.
Stocks produce the best long-term results.
Stocks provide a higher return over the long term.
Stocks provide higher returns over the long term.
Stocks provide one way for investors to encourage, fund, and benefit from a company's success.
Stocks provide the best chance for growing money over time.
Stocks provide the means for a corporation to raise money.
Stocks provides company information, including beta estimates.
Stocks rally in early trading after week-long rout.
Stocks rally strongly, but investors worry that it's just another fake-out.
Stocks rank only third in importance.
Stocks rated buy are suitable for immediate purchase.
Stocks really reflect companies and their performances over the long run.
Stocks remain expensive, particularly in light of what is happening in Asia.
Stocks remain volatile.
Stocks remain way overvalued.
Stocks represent a piece of ownership in a company.
Stocks represent an ownership interest in a company in the form of shares.
Stocks represent ownership in a corporation.
Stocks represent ownership in the company, but a bond is a contractual obligation .
Stocks represent ownership or equity in a corporation.
Stocks represent ownership while bonds represent debt.
Stocks represent shares of ownership in a corporation or partnership.
Stocks rise and fall according to the ebb and flow of that intangible quality.
Stocks rise and fall hundreds of dollars within days.
Stocks rise on govt.
Stocks run out very quickly.
Stocks seem to be discounting a soft landing.
Stocks seem to have stabilized lately.
Stocks sell for what they are worth at the time, and cheap stocks are cheap for a reason.
Stocks skull studs and other accessories.
Stocks slide as investors fret over profit warnings.
Stocks stage occasional, strong rallies and investors buy.
Stocks start to drop.
Stocks stumble amid gloomy tech forecasts and dim earnings reports.
Stocks suffer if rising bond yields offer investors a more attractive investment option.
Stocks supporting the flowers are leafy.
Stocks swing from overvalued to undervalued.
Stocks tend to bounce off the bands and trade up to or down the moving average.
Stocks tend to experience greater fluctuations in value than bonds.
Stocks tend to gather together naturally into business or industry groups.
Stocks tend to go their own way.
Stocks tend to make more money over time than other investments, but with a lot of volatility.
Stocks tend to move in groups.
Stocks tend to move in trends, and with momentum.
Stocks tend to move together.
Stocks tend to rally about six months ahead of an economic upturn.
Stocks thrive in cold weather, but do just fine in sunny summer gardens.
Stocks trade at low multiples for a variety of reasons.
Stocks trade in relation to the number of shares actually available for trading.
Stocks typically end a major decline by overshooting on the downside.
Stocks typically rally when interest rates fall.
Stocks typically trend down a few days, before returning to their highs.
Stocks vary in price and availability.
Stocks Welcome to Lebanon-guide finance center.
Stocks win that race hands down.
Stocks work on expectations, and they look into the future.
Stock always involves risk.
Stocks always go up and down, sometimes more dramatically than others.
Stocks always go up.
Stocks always move ahead of the news.
Stocks often give back about half their gains after an outsized run-up.
Stocks often go down, sometimes as quickly as they have gone up.
Stocks often jump up or down right after a recommendation hits the air.
Stocks often stutter, stop and head fake before continuation prevails.
Stocks usually have a higher return, but are a riskier investment.
Stocks usually increase in value and major stockholders certainly become wealthier.
Stocks usually rise when the bond prices decline.
Stocks usually vary greatly between different retailers so it pays to look around a little.
All stock comes in a temper suitable for drawing, punching, spinning and welding.
All stock held locally is listed as a taster.
All stock imported from other States have to be certified free of virulent footrot.
All stock is available for immediate delivery.
All stock is available for pick up at any of our offices around Australia.
All stock is bred for quality, exceptional temperament and performance.
All stock is catalogued. .
All stock is computer controlled to facilitate fast and accurate order processing. . . . .
All stock is discounted.
All stock is genuine UK stock and comes with a full manufacturers guarantee.
All stock is guaranteed live.
All stock is Guaranteed.
All stock is laser compatible.
All stock is limited to quantities on hand.
All stock is limited to sizes listed.
All stock is listed in the library catalogue.
All stock is matte coated newsprint.
All stock is offered subject to being unsold.
All stock is offered subject to prior sale.
All stock is owned by the directors.
All stock is ready to ship.
All stock is rough sawn, and dimensions given are rough sizes.
All stock is show quality from world renowned lines.
All stock is state-owned.
All stock is subject to availability.
All stock is subject to current availability.
All stock is subject to prior sale.
All stock listed is new.
All stock needs to be placed where it is accessible for customers to see, touch, try on, and buy.
All stock require clean, fairly fresh water.
All stocks are in one of four major stages, and it is vital to be able to identify each stage level.
All stocks are risky especially dotcoms.
All stocks are risky.
All stocks are stored in liquid nitrogen to maintain genetic integrity and prevent senescence.
All stocks are subject to at least two levels of risk.
All stocks are vulnerable to changes in investor psychology, but none more so than growth stocks.
All stocks can decrease in value at any time.
All stocks carry risk.
All stocks go in and out of favor.
All stocks have the risk of going to zero.
All stocks listed on the SES qualify for inclusion in the index.
All stocks receive buy, sell, hold recommendations.
Every stock does.
Every stock has a price, and almost every stock has revenue.
Every stock has a story.
Every stock is cheap at a price and dear at a price'.
Every stock is different in some ways.
Every stock is represented by a rectangle.
Every stock traded on the world's stock exchanges is identified by a short symbol.
Many stocks are at or near buy points, particularly in the tech, semiconductor and biotech sectors.
Many stocks are in both.
Many stocks are quite healthy and can support harvest.
Many stocks are too high-priced.
Many stocks are well below their recent highs, and so have a lot of supply to work through.
Many stocks go unnoticed by the market until a new catalyst emerges.
Many stocks never recover.
Many stocks originate from donations provided under various development assistance programs.
Many stocks pay minimal dividends.
More stock is added and stirred a bit to deglaze the pan, then brought to a boil.
More stock is added until the gumbo reaches the desired consistency.
Most stock has incredible potential.
Most stock has numbers.
Most stock has potential.
Most stock is from mills in Germany and France.
Most stock is sold through speciality stores.
Most stock is traded on organized exchanges.
Most stocks are already in a bear market.
Most stocks have a down pattern for a good reason.
Most stocks have substantial price moves at one time or another.
Most stocks move in in the same direction as the stock market.
Most stocks move with the market.
Most stocks trail market averages over time.
Some stock comes from companies.
Some stock even hold their breath when they are listening intently or greatly stressed or alarmed.
Some stock has advantage.
Some stock has areas.
Some stock has chances.
Some stock has competitive advantage.
Some stock has damage.
Some stock has distinct areas.
Some stock has levels.
Some stock has rust.
Some stock has sustainable advantage.
Some stock has sustainable competitive advantage.
Some stock has tax advantage.
Some stock has values.
Some stock has water damage.
Some stock includes animals.
Some stock includes other animals.
Some stock looks suspiciously weak or ill.
Some stock offers growth.
Some stock produces offspring.
Some stock remains at significant discounts.
Some stock takes places.
Some stocks actually go down and disappear.
Some stocks also pay investors a portion of their earnings in the form of a dividend.
Some stocks appear on one month's list and fall off the next.
Some stocks appear to be decreasing in spite of management and conservation actions.
Some stocks are down way too far to ignore.
Some stocks are good long-term investments.
Some stocks are now undervalued and offer great scope for appreciation.
Some stocks are risky, and all good investments are risky.
Some stocks are still fairly cheap.
Some stocks are unbelievably cheap.
Some stocks continue to be overvalued.
Some stocks experience wide swings, while others trade in a fairly narrow range.
Some stocks follow seasonal patterns.
Some stocks follow the clock better than others.
Some stocks go down.
Some stocks have a negative beta and are inversely correlated with the market.
Some stocks have cash on their books which is worth more than their total market value.
Some stocks have one print a day.
Some stocks have posts at each end, with runners in which the upper stock can slide up and down.
Some stocks have variable maturation rates.
Some stocks move a large amount simply because everyone thinks the stock is worth buying.
Some stocks never come back.
Some stocks remain near their peaks.
Some stocks require additional comment.
Some stocks rise before other stocks and some also stall before other stocks.
Some stocks rise to their pivot, stall, then turn back.
Some stocks seem to have deteriorated in vigour in recent years.
A stockbroker is a broker
Stockbrokers are agents who buy or sell stocks for the public.
Stockbrokers are agents.
Stockbrokers are always helpful sources.
Stockbrokers are experts on the economy.
Stockbrokers are in the business of selling stocks to retail clients.
Stockbrokers are quite willing to supply investment strategies.
Stockbrokers are subject to such rules when trading securities on behalf of clients.
Stockbrokers are the kind of knowledge workers who demand attentive care and feeding.
Stockbrokers are, in a sense, call center agents with extraordinary salaries.
Stockbrokers can ponder their portfolios.
Stockbrokers charge fees based upon the dollar amount of their transactions.
Stockbrokers come to school to talk to students about finances.
Stockbrokers drink more.
Stockbrokers live that way.
Stockbrokers make their money by buying and selling stocks.
Stockbrokers object because they want to sell shares.
Stockbrokers tell their clients which stocks to buy and which to sell.
Stockbrokers walk to work from here.
All stockbrokers are able to assist with the trading needs of investors.
All stockbrokers are in it to make money for themselves first.
Most stockbrokers rely on a small group of clients to generate their income.
Some stockbrokers jump from rooftops when their investments drop.
Stocked items are av ailable for use by other departments with proper budget information.
Stocked lakes are hot.
Stocked rainbows provide good fishing during spring and early summer.
Stocked waters provide lesser numbers but often quality size fish.
Stocked waters provide lesser numbers but often quality-size fish.
A stocker is a domestic animal
Stocker is a hard act to follow.
Stocker is bovine talk for a castrated male that is fattened up for beef.
Stockers are domestic animals.
Stockers often give their best returns when utilized in the falling phase of the market.
A stockholder of record is a stockholder
Stockholders of record are stockholders.
Stockholders of record can also vote their shares by telephone or the Internet.
Stockholders of record can vote their shares by using the Internet or the telephone.
All stockholders of record are eligible to participate in the optional cash purchase feature.
A stockholder is an investor
Stockholder automatically reinvests dividends in old or new stock.
Stockholder is acknowledged as one of today's most important and influential young sculptors.
Stockholder is willing that said shares be redeemed on the terms and conditions set forth below.
Stockholder needs alone are important, while employee and community needs are unimportant.
Stockholder See shareholder.
Stockholders actually own part of the corporate assets and so share in the profits and losses.
Stockholders also have the right to be informed of the company's financial and business status.
Stockholders approve it.
Stockholders are a shortsighted bunch, by nature.
Stockholders are concerned with dividends.
Stockholders are investors.
Stockholders are stakeholders of an investor-owned healthcare provider.
Stockholders are the good guys.
Stockholders are the heroes of business.
Stockholders benefit from profits from the sale of power generated at the dams.
Stockholders can also profit through stock splits.
Stockholders can become apprehensive.
Stockholders can buy any other company, or sell their stock to anyone else.
Stockholders can come and go without affecting the legal status or operations of the firm.
Stockholders can dissolve corporations and fire offi- cers, directors and CEOs.
Stockholders can dissolve corporations and fire officers, directors and CEOs.
Stockholders can make money in two ways.
Stockholders can make money when the value of their stock increases.
Stockholders demand greater efficiency.
Stockholders deserve an adequate return on capital through dividends and appreciation.
Stockholders elect the board of directors.
Stockholders elect the members of the board of directors.
Stockholders enjoy the privileges of ownership.
Stockholders have a direct ownership interest in the real estate.
Stockholders have a share in the wealth of the corporations of which they are part owners.
Stockholders have limited liability for corporate debts.
Stockholders have the right to assign or transfer their shares to another individual.
Stockholders have the right to be informed of the company's financial and business status.
Stockholders have the right to know about the issues that corporations vote on.
Stockholders have ultimate control through vote to elect board of directors.
Stockholders love that.
Stockholders own the company, and take greater risk.
Stockholders prevent big businesses from doing what they choose.
Stockholders receive dividends from their stock.
Stockholders receive the profit through dividends.
Stockholders receive their stock from the corporation in exchange for money, property or services.
Stockholders report their share of business profits or losses on their individual tax returns.
Stockholders share in profits in proportion to the number of shares they own.
Stockholders stand at the rear.
Stockholders stand to make money, too.
Stockholders typically have one vote for each share they own.
All stockholders are employees.
All stockholders are individuals.
All stockholders have a stake in one part of the recycling process.
Many stockholders just find it too much bother to mess with the proxies.
Most stockholders expect to receive dividend income.
Stocking can sometimes be counterproductive.
Stocking depends upon an assessment at iceout.
Stocking is discontinued when the species has become established.
Stocking is used instead to create new muskie fisheries.
Stocking is used only to introduce or reintroduce smallmouth to a body of water.
Stocking isa footwear.
Stocking makes no difference.
Stocking represents the number and distribution of living seedlings over the plantation.
Stocking requires organization, too.
Stockings appear to be white or gray.
Stockings are a great solution to a tight clothing budget.
Stockings are a piece of ladies apparel that serve no conceivable purpose.
Stockings are available in different degrees of compression.
Stockings are black cotton and shoes are black.
Stockings are for cities.
Stockings are here.
Stockings are in very good condition.
Stockings are located in suitcases.
Stockings are preferable to pantyhose, because they help keep the vulva dry.
Stockings are sexier.
Stockings are textured and wide-weave fishnets are in.
Stockings are the place to indulge in practical ways.
Stockings are very elastic and soft.
Stockings are worn only for special occasions.
Stockings come in a wide variety of styles, sizes, fashionable colors and compression levels.
Stockings hang from the hearth, stuffed with presents.
Stockings have (part) sections.
Stockings have black seam.
Stockings is hosiery.
Stockings is provision.
Stockings remain up in the attic.
Stockings always feel damp.
Stockings always look good , no matter how simple.
Stockings always seem a little bit saucy, but with the British weather can be a little chilly.
Stockings Always wear pantyhose.
All stockings have a tendency to ride down because of gravity and body movement.
Most stocking is done for the season in the state.
A stockman is a farmer
Stockman is a statewide leader in ag, small business and real estate financing.
Stockman is chock full of slick moves and is a very good long-range shooter.
Stockman is stockmarket charting tool.
Stockman is tied to gun owner extremists.
Stockmans are farmers.
Stockmans are used for riding.
Stockmen like to see it displayed in their herds, they select for it.
Stockmen own individual herds of both cow-calf pairs and horses.
Stockmen sit down with recreationists, oil and gas folks sit down with environmentalists.
Many stockmen consider it good feed.
Stockout cost dominates all other costs.
Stockpile quantity is a big issue on cross sections.
A stockpile is a pile
Stockpiles are artifacts.
Stockpiles are nothing but nice, juicy propaganda plums for the BATF to seize.
Stockpiles are piles.
Stockpiles are resources.
Stockpiles block the gutters and redirect drainage.
Stockpiles keep growing, however.
Stockpiles soar, jingoes get jittery, and the temptation to strike first grows ever more alluring.
Most stockpiles have only one physical reclaimer, but some stockpiles have more than one.
Stockpiled fescue is less toxic.
Stockpiled forage is an excellent way to reduce stored feed requirements.
Stockpiled tires can also catch fire easily as well as result in soil, water and air pollution.
Stockpiled tires can provide a breeding place for insects.
A stockpot is a pot
Stockpot also provides a distinctive platform for international growth.
Stockpots have two handles and sometimes have a spigot to facilitate draining.
Stockroom inventory includes office and laboratory supplies for purchase by department members.
Stockroom workers know what's in storage and where to find it.
Stoddard solvent is a colorless, flammable liquid that smells and tastes like kerosene.
Stoddard solvent is a mixture of numerous hydrocarbons derived by refining crude oil.
A stogy is a cigar
Stogies are vegebles.
Stogies is classy.
Stoic acceptance is an appropriate stance only for the defeated subjects of an empire.
Stoic adaptation is scarely an inspiring theme for the new millenium.
Stoic cherubs watch, aroused satyrs frolic and the three muses inspire.
Stoic dogs sleep on sidewalks at regular intervals, as if assigned by some higher canine authority.
Stoic morality is one of absolute renunciation.
Stoic philosophy is in many ways similar to the Taoist philosophy of China.
Stoic philosophy seeks truth, practical truth.
Stoic truth is a property of the lekton.
A stoic is an adult
Stoics hate to be urged.
Stoichiometry deals with the mass and volume relationships of chemical changes.
Stoichiometry define the mole as related to Avogadro s hypothesis.
Stoichiometry involves a grand synthesis with many higher order thininkg skills.
Stoichiometry is a ratio
Stoichiometry is a word from chemistry class.
Stoichiometry is emphasized.
Stoichiometry is ratios.
Stoichiometry is the calculation of quantities in a chemical equation.
Stoichiometry only depends on the reaction chemistry and inert gases or liquids present.
All stoichiometry essentially is based on the evaluation of the number of moles of substance.
A stoicism is a trait
Stoicism calls for a universal benevolence towards all humans.
Stoicism covers up nostalgia.
Stoicism is a deterministic theory.
Stoicism is all about the effect of emotions on the reason.
Stoicism is courageous, but it is only a halfway house on the long road.
Stoicism is named after the mural-decorated porch, stoa poikele, which was found in Athens' Agora.
Stoicism is needed, and skill.
Stoicism is replaced as a prime value by sensitivity.
Stoicism is revered.
Stoicism is the dualism of internal stability and external flux.
Stoicism is the most influential philosophy.
Stoicism is thus a natural outcome of the Hellenistic experience.
Stoicism means to be unaffected by joy, grief, pleasure or pain.
Stoicism Never mind.
Stoicism offers a kind of quiet refuge.
Stoicism recognizes that affection is necessary in dealing with women and kids.
Stoicism violates our integrity in another way, by preventing intimacy, that is a certainty.
A stoker is a laborer
Stoker asks the grinning man.
Stokesian swimming is a geometric exercise, a collective game.
Stole kit includes a precut felt stole.
Stoles are usually only warn by concelebrants.
Stoles are worn of differ- ent colors, according to the ecclesiastical season.
Stoles hang better underneath a chasuble.
Stoles is scarfs.
All stoles are to be worn draped over the shoulders.
A stolon is a plant organ
Stolon isa plant part.
Stolons are above ground runners, while rhizomes are under ground runners.
Stolons are above-ground stems that spread horizontally for vegetative reproduction.
Stolons are flat, smooth, usually bent and root at the nodes.
Stolons are flat, widely branched and root at each node.
Stolons are hairy and creeping.
Stolons are horizontal stems that grow above the soil surface.
Stolons are long, prolific and tuber set is heavy.
Stolons are nesessary for the exchange of nutritions.
Stolons are similar to runners .
Stolons are weak stems that root readily, assuring rapid colonization.
Stolons arise from the base of the plant.
Stolons connecting parent and daughter plants usually die off in fall.
Stolons develop at least by the time the fifth leaf emerges.
Stolons develop basally.
Stolons grow above the soil surface.
Stolons grow above-ground and form nodes which give rise to new plants.
Stolons grow aboveground such as on strawberries, and are also called runners.
Stolons grow from the leaf axils during the summer to produce new rosettes.
Stolons grow from the leaf axils in spring and summer and growth peaks in late summer.
Stolons have (part) sections.
Stolons produce a thick, dense turf that supports moderate traffic.
Stolons produce plants.
Stolons require sunlight.
Stolons root at the nodes to form new rosettes that are genetically identical to the parent.
Stolons often remain green.
Most stolons produce plants.
Most stolons require sunlight.
Some stolons have creep growth habits.
Some stolons have creep habits.
Some stolons have growth habits.
Some stolons have habits.
A stoma is aperture
Stoma isa hole.
Stomas are aperture.
Stomas are located in leafs.
Stomas are orifices.
Stomas are part of colostomies.
Stomas have no sensation.
Stomas pose an additional problem.
Many stomas are temporary and can later be closed.
A stomach ache is an ache
Stomach aches are common.
Stomach aches are very popular in the fall.
Stomach aches occur with many kinds of stress disorders.
Stomach acid activates the cysts and the trophozoites are released.
Stomach acid breaks down food, but it can also digest the stomach wall itself.
Stomach acid breaks down the metal, which causes anemia and sometimes death.
Stomach acid can also make a difference.
Stomach acid can burn it.
Stomach acid causes damage.
Stomach acid causes serious damage.
Stomach acid contains acid.
Stomach acid dissolves the enamel on teeth.
Stomach acid enhances absorption.
Stomach acid increases calcium absorption.
Stomach acid irritates esophagi.
Stomach acid is also a problem.
Stomach acid is also important in producing ulcers.
Stomach acid is an important factor in absorption of nutrients, including magnesium.
Stomach acid is hydrochloric acid produced by the stomach.
Stomach acid is important to the absorption of zinc.
Stomach acid is potent stuff.
Stomach acid is produced by an acid pump in the chief cells.
Stomach acid is required for adequate breakdown of proteins.
Stomach acid is similar in strength to that of a car battery.
Stomach acid is thought to play a role in causing peptic ulcer disease.
Stomach acid is very dangerous.
Stomach acid kills many microorganisms.
Stomach acid kills microorganisms.
Stomach acid kills most bacteria and other microorganisms present in food.
Stomach acid kills most microorganisms ingested in food or drink.
Stomach acid leaking into the esophagus is a common cause of chronic cough and even asthma.
Stomach acid stops being secreted.
Stomach acids are capable of destroying enzymes.
Stomach acids are important to digest foods.
Stomach acids can damage the esophagus.
Stomach acids cause severe erosion of the teeth resulting in cavities.
Stomach acids dissolve the lead in the paint, allowing the lead to get into the bloodstream.
Stomach acids erode the esophageal lining, leading to ulcers and possible rupture of the esophagus.
Stomach acids inhibit bacterial growth in stomach.
Stomach acids kill most food borne bacteria, an important contribution to the immune system.
Most stomach acid causes damage.
Most stomach acid causes serious damage.
Most stomach acid contains acid.
Most stomach acid irritates esophagi.
Most stomach acid kills many microorganisms.
Most stomach acid kills microorganisms.
Some stomach acid destroys bacteria.
Stomach acidity decreases the drug's absorption.
Some stomach bacteria cause ulcer.
Stomach biopsy is a bit less accurate and much more expensive.
Stomach biopsy selects only certain samples for testing.
Stomach cancer affects men twice as often as women.
Stomach cancer can be hard to find early.
Stomach cancer can even occur later in life.
Stomach cancer is a problem.
Stomach cancer is cancer that begins in the stomach.
Stomach cancer is cancer.
Stomach cancer is curable if it is found before it has spread.
Stomach cancer is curable if it is found while it is confined to the stomach.
Stomach cancer is currently the second leading cause of cancer death worldwide.
Stomach cancer is diseases.
Stomach cancer is known as the captain of the man's death.
Stomach cancer is more common in black people than in white people.
Stomach cancer is now the ninth leading cause of death in men and the eleventh in women.
Stomach cancer is one of the most common and lethal cancers in many parts of the world.
Stomach cancer is rare, and is especially rare before the age of sixty.
Stomach cancer is that killer.
Stomach cancer is the leading form of cancer in Japan among men and women.
Stomach cancer is the main cancer risk from diets high in salted foods.
Stomach cancer is the second leading cancer killer in the world.
Stomach cancer is the second leading form of cancer in men, after lung cancer.
Stomach cancer is the second most common cancer in the world.
Stomach cancer starts in a single cell .
Stomach cancer starts in a single lung cell .
Stomach cancers cause few symptoms in their early stage.
Stomach content analyses indicate body weight conditions.
Stomach content analyses indicate conditions.
Stomach cramps are usually a painful squeezing sensation that comes and goes over a span of minutes.
Stomach crunches are the quickest route to a flat tummy.
Stomach discomfort is another symptom.
Stomach discomfort is one of the most common side effects of drinking dandelion in the form of tea.
Stomach flu is a viral infection that affects the stomach and small intestine.
Stomach flu is an inflammatory disease
Stomach flu is viral infection.
Stomach glands produce liquids.
Stomach juices dissolve the meat of the shellfish which is then eaten by the sea star.
Stomach pain is a common complaint with many causes.
Some stomach tubes pass through mouths.
Stomach tumors can develop in any part of the stomach.
Stomach ulcers are sores that form in the lining of the stomach.
Stomach ulcers can be very slow to develop or happen quite rapidly.
Stomach ulcers develop more often in women than men.
Stomach ulcers get better with treatment.
Stomach ulcers respond well to treatment but recur in many people.
Stomach ulcers respond well to treatment but they can recur.
Stomach ulcers take a little longer to heal.
Some stomach ulcer is caused by aspirin.
Some stomach ulcer is caused by ethanols.
Stomach ulceration is still a hidden disease and hard to diagnose without specialised equipment.
Stomach worms cause anemia.
Stomach worms reach stages.
A stomach is an organ
Stomach acting up a bit but worst of the cold seems to have passed.
Stomach adds acid, enzymes, fluid.
Stomach bulges out.
Stomach carries out the physical and chemical digestion of food.
Stomach Connecting the upper and lower body is the responsibility of the stomach muscles.
Stomach consider down little shell and throw commander boat.
Stomach dogs formerly on, hemolytic, available from of.
Stomach equals diaphragm.
Stomach exercises now can actually slow down the recovery of abdominal tone after birth.
Stomach exercises work in much the same way.
Stomach feels crappy.
Stomach feels overloaded.
Stomach feels weak, it is hard to sit up.
Stomach has a full or indigestion feeling.
Stomach has a red congestion and bleeding under the surface.
Stomach hits a single to right.
Stomach is a muscular bag.
Stomach is all it takes.
Stomach is equally free to engage in such experimentation or to invest in existing projects.
Stomach is fine.
Stomach is great.
Stomach is larger so there is less chance of overfeeding.
Stomach is lined with cells that secrete potent acids and pepsin that digest food.
Stomach is messed up from eating cold sandwiches.
Stomach is muscular with a folded inner surface that can expand when full.
Stomach is no good.
Stomach is now functional.
Stomach is very inflamed - even ulcerated.
Stomach is very sensitive to touch.
Stomach is white.
Stomach isa organ.
Stomach pains Gas appliances such as fires, water heaters and boilers can be affected.
Stomach pains to r. shoulder.
Stomach produces digestive juices.
Stomach produces hydrochloric acid and digestive enzymes.
Stomach rapidly expands with gas then rotates on the long axis.
Stomach secretes digestive juice called gastric juice which helps to digest food.
Stomach seem among a new baby gift basket.
Stomach seems to be back in order.
Stomach seems to press against spine.
Stomach seems turned upside down.
Stomach still hurts.
Stomach's a little sore, more on the right side, though, and down a little.
Stomachs absorb materials.
Stomachs are appetite.
Stomachs are full of acids, like the vinegar.
Stomachs are inclination.
Stomachs are internal organs.
Stomachs are located in animals.
Stomachs are part of bodies.
Stomachs are part of human bodies.
Stomachs are sacs.
Stomachs are the hardest to paint.
Stomachs break down delicacies.
Stomachs break down enzymes.
Stomachs break down food.
Stomachs break down meals.
Stomachs break down proteins.
Stomachs break down rare delicacies.
Stomachs break down sensitive enzymes.
Stomachs cause heartburn.
Stomachs complete digestion.
Stomachs contain abundant bacteria.
Stomachs contain bacteria.
Stomachs contain chambers.
Stomachs contain digestive enzymes.
Stomachs contain enzymes.
Stomachs contain ferment bacteria.
Stomachs contain food.
Stomachs contain materials.
Stomachs contain plant materials.
Stomachs digest food.
Stomachs digest proteins.
Stomachs enter intestines.
Stomachs enter small intestines.
Stomachs enter the paunch room from the right on hooks attached to a moving overhead chain.
Stomachs fill with liquids.
Stomachs have (part) corpi.
Stomachs have (part) lobes.
Stomachs have acid receptors.
Stomachs have an input and a separate output.
Stomachs have centers.
Stomachs have chambers.
Stomachs have complex structures.
Stomachs have designs.
Stomachs have digestive glands.
Stomachs have fatty acid receptors.
Stomachs have functions.
Stomachs have glands.
Stomachs have large mass.
Stomachs have mass.
Stomachs have muscular walls.
Stomachs have receptors.
Stomachs have sacs.
Stomachs have structures.
Stomachs have tendencies.
Stomachs have thick muscular walls.
Stomachs have thick walls.
Stomachs have unusual structures.
Stomachs have walls.
Stomachs hold food.
Stomachs join intestines.
Stomachs join small intestines.
Stomachs make noise.
Stomachs perform different functions.
Stomachs perform functions.
Stomachs produce digestive enzymes.
Stomachs produce enzymes.
Stomachs produce gases.
Stomachs secrete acid.
Stomachs secrete digestive enzymes.
Stomachs secrete digestive fluid.
Stomachs secrete digestive juice.
Stomachs secrete enzymes.
Stomachs secrete fluid.
Stomachs secrete juice.
Stomachs secrete powerful digestive enzymes.
Stomachs secrete powerful enzymes.
Stomachs secrete strong acid.
Any stomach contents including water can be dangerous.
Most stomachs absorb materials.
Most stomachs break down delicacies.
Most stomachs break down enzymes.
Most stomachs break down food.
Most stomachs break down meals.
Most stomachs break down proteins.
Most stomachs break down rare delicacies.
Most stomachs break down sensitive enzymes.
Most stomachs contain abundant bacteria.
Most stomachs contain bacteria.
Most stomachs contain chambers.
Most stomachs contain digestive enzymes.
Most stomachs contain enzymes.
Most stomachs contain ferment bacteria.
Most stomachs contain food.
Most stomachs contain materials.
Most stomachs contain plant materials.
Most stomachs enter intestines.
Most stomachs enter small intestines.
Most stomachs fill with liquids.
Most stomachs have acid receptors.
Most stomachs have centers.
Most stomachs have chambers.
Most stomachs have complex structures.
Most stomachs have designs.
Most stomachs have digestive glands.
Most stomachs have fatty acid receptors.
Most stomachs have functions.
Most stomachs have glands.
Most stomachs have large mass.
Most stomachs have mass.
Most stomachs have muscular walls.
Most stomachs have receptors.
Most stomachs have sacs.
Most stomachs have structures.
Most stomachs have tendencies.
Most stomachs have thick muscular walls.
Most stomachs have thick walls.
Most stomachs have unusual structures.
Most stomachs have walls.
Most stomachs hold food.
Most stomachs join small intestines.
Most stomachs make noise.
Most stomachs perform different functions.
Most stomachs produce digestive enzymes.
Most stomachs produce enzymes.
Most stomachs produce gases.
Some stomach worms cause death.
Some stomach worms cause sudden death.
Some stomach worms infect goats.
Some stomachs cause abdominal pain.
Some stomachs cause diarrhea.
Some stomachs cause immediate pain.
Some stomachs cause immediate physical pain.
Some stomachs cause pain.
Some stomachs cause physical pain.
Some stomachs cause tremendous pain.
Some stomachs contain acid.
Some stomachs contain cellulose.
Some stomachs contain concentrate acid.
Some stomachs empty more quickly than others.
Some stomachs fill up with air.
Some stomachs fill up with vegetables.
Some stomachs fill with blood.
Some stomachs fill with water.
Some stomachs grind food.
Some stomachs have compartments.
Some stomachs have median ridges.
Some stomachs have quills.
Some stomachs have ridges.
Some stomachs have separate compartments.
Some stomachs have surfaces.
Some stomachs help cellulose.
Some stomachs help plant cellulose.
Some stomachs sit at bottoms.
A stomachache is an ache
Stomachaches can be a symptom for a variety of ills.
Some stomachaches result from prolonged viral illnesses, while others are caused by bowel cramping.
A stomacher is a garment
Some stomachers are pointy, some round, some have tabs.
Stomal closure occurs when the guard-cell pair looses solutes.
Stomal closure occurs when the guard-cell pair loses solutes.
Stomata originate from highly regulated asymmetric and symmetric cell divisions.
Stomatas are open during the night and closed during the day to decrease water loss.
Stomatal conductance correlates with photosynthetic capacity.
Stomatal conductance is calculated using an optimisation concept.
Stomatal opening is regulated by turgor in the guard cells.
Stomatal shape is also of diagnostic importance.
A stomate is aperture
Stomate isa hole.
Stomates are generally more numerous on the underside of leaves.
Stomates are open during daybreak, when conditions are most cool and humid.
Stomates are syndetocheilic, also an angiosperm character.
Stomates are tiny holes that control the amount of air that enters and leaves the tree.
Stomatic areas are usually below.
Stomatic areas are usually on the lower leaf surface.
A stomatitis is a symptom
Stomatitis presents as yellowish-whitish plaques, or irregular blotches on the gums.
A stomatopod is a crustacean
Stomatopods are crustaceans.
Stomatopods are widely-used as an effective way to measure the health of coral reefs .
Stomatopods feed on small crustaceans, like hermits.
Stomatopods have the most sophisticated visual system in the world.
Stomatopods possess exceptionally large compound eyes, mounted on stalks.
Stomatopods possess the most highly developed eyes of all crustaceans.
A stomp is a social dancing
Stomp Have the participants pair up.
Stomp is a lot of fun.
Stomp is a lot of swift movement, percussion, acrobatics and dramatic dance.
Stomp is an Equal opportunity employer.
Stomp is like no other play ever performed.
Stomp is pure percussion.
Stomp is the oldest rockabilly magazine in Finland.
Stomp is tommorw.
Stomp is used only in the sense of to stamp with the foot.
Stomps are social dancing.
Stone age antiquities.
Stone altar is typical of many boulders found in the Pine Mountain area.
Stone arches are numerous.
Stone artefacts are the most common form of archaeological evidence found in Australia.
Stone birch belongs also to high density broadleaved species.
Stone bracelets are handmade with genuine stones.
Stone buildings mark past prosperity from whaling, fishing, coal and distilling.
Stone buildings require maintenance and, in some cases, complete restoration.
Stone carving is a dying art.
Stone carvings are petroglyphs and stone paintings are pictographs.
Stone carvings show the passed family ready to feast with living family members.
Stone centipedes inhabit regions.
Stone centipedes use hind legs.
Stone centipedes use legs.
Stone centipedes use long hind legs.
Stone centipedes use long legs.
Most stone centipedes use hind legs.
Most stone centipedes use legs.
Most stone centipedes use long hind legs.
Most stone centipedes use long legs.
Stone circles abound here.
Stone circles are typical of the southwest.
Some stone circles are under the protection of Historic Scotland.
Stone County is divided into three school districts.
Stone County is fhe folk music capital of the world.
A stone crab is a crab
Stone crab is available during season.
Stone crabs are crabs.
Stone crabs are less common.
Stone crabs are one of Florida's most delicious renewable resources.
Stone crabs are part of stone crabs.
Stone crabs differ from blue crabs in that only the over-sized claws are harvested.
Stone crabs eat shrimp, oysters, clams, or just about anything else they can get their claws on.
Stone crabs have small bodies and only the claws are eaten.
Stone crabs inhabit bays and estuaries where they hide under rocks and shell fragments.
Stone crabs live in holes which they hollow in the marsh mud.
Some stone crabs have chances.
A stone fly is an insect
Stone flies have four wings, which are heavily veined.
Stone forests are like celestial palaces- with paths turning through peaks.
Stone fruit fits there.
Stone fruit is edible fruit.
Stone fruit is fruit
Stone fruit is on the wane with the exception of late season plums.
Stone fruit needs to be quartered and pitted.
Stone fruits are particularly susceptible, especially mazzard rootstocks.
Stone fruits are sensitive to copper.
Stone fruits are very susceptible.
Stone fruits dominate in the palate with warm leesy lemon and apricot, good acidity.
Stone fruits have a hard covering over the embryo.
All stone fruits are very susceptible to brown rot.
All stone fruits become increasingly susceptible to brown rot as they ripen.
Most stone fruits are relatively short-lived.
Some stone fruit has reaction.
Stone houses stand with roofs crumbling, looking a little like eggshells broken on stony ground.
Stone inscriptions are more durable than papyri and are easier to display.
All stone inscriptions face west.
Stone Lake is located in Sawyer County .
Stone lions adorn the front of the building.
A stone marten is a carnivore
Stone martens are a species native to Europe and Asia.
Stone martens are martens.
Stone martens are non-native species and are also about the size of the male pine marten.
Stone masons build a stone wall outside the front door.
Stone masons strengthen walls and reinforce rock and brick work with a special concrete mix.
Stone masonry is quite possible, since concrete can be mixed that can set underwater.
Stone mills are generally hard to clean, and can harbor bacteria which contaminates flour.
Stone monuments mark places.
Stone plants are plants whose leaves are mostly underground.
Stone quarries are nearby.
Stone rings have amazed and perplexed people for centuries.
Stone sculpture is an expression of shape and surface, rather than color.
Stone setting is detailed work and requires good vision and hand-eye coordination.
Stone slab designates site where New Mexico, Arizona, Utah and Colorado meet.
Stone tools come in a variety of forms, both chipped and ground.
Stone tools have some advantages over copper metal tools.
Stone towers are at the north and south ends.
A stone wall is a fence
Stone walls act as heat shields to deflect flames.
Stone walls are best, then brick and wood.
Stone walls are fences.
Stone walls are placed around the trenches to prevent the trenches from closing up again.
Stone walls are twenty inches thick.
Stone walls berate.
Stone walls can act as heat shields and deflect flames.
Stone walls describe elegant curves.
Stone walls dot the back nine, along with a gazebo, flower boxes and wetlands.
Stone walls edge nearby farms and winding roads.
Stone walls feel damp.
Stone walls go towards the back and surround the back building and property.
Stone walls help make a cool place in warm weather.
Stone walls impose an ancient order, and man-made monuments compete with nature.
Stone walls involve heavy lifting, perspiration, chipped nails.
Stone walls isolate the hustle and bustle of the city leaving a quiet peaceful garden.
Stone walls line the road, in front of raised ranches and older bungalows.
Stone walls made of stacked rocks make nice borders for gardens or flower beds.
Stone walls prevent things from going in and out.
Stone walls remain, the only remnants of agricultural use.
Stone walls seem to line every country lane in our Northwest Corner.
Stone walls surround the courtyard on all sides.
Stone walls take time.
Stone work is a specialized and expensive labor cost.
Stone work progresses on the foundation and fireplace.
Some stone work remains to be done along with seeding and mulching of disturbed areas.
A stone is a natural object
Stone acts like stone, same as players experience on Earth.
Stone addresses problems related to accessing images on the Internet by content.
Stone approaches to see how they are doing.
Stone arrangements Arrangements of stone range from simple mounds to complex ceremonial areas.
Stone arrives late and steals the show.
Stone artefacts in marble, alabaster, granite, sandstone, serpentine, etc.
Stone assumes that the terms public, state, and government can be employed interchangeably.
Stone being rare, nearly the whole city is built of bricks.
Stone blades on antler or wood handles, attached by sinew.
Stone bristles at that.
Stone builds easily on most ISPs operating systems.
Stone buys during the education instead describe head racquetball.
Stone cabins, bed, bath, TV, within one mile of lake, picnic area, outside outlets, boat parking.
Stone can be a powerful actor when working with the right material.
Stone can be natural or polished, rough or smooth.
Stone centipedes use their long hind legs to throw a sticky substance at their attackers.
Stone challenges the genetic chemical imbalance theory of mental illness.
Stone changes very slowly.
Stone characterizes companionate marriage as one of increased gender equality within marital unions.
Stone chiseling leaves a certain generally obvious surface texture.
Stone cites how report after report referring to unexplained sightings have been heavily censored.
Stone combines nice size and speed with the agility and quickness to cover in man situations.
Stone comes across a large dark oracle, guarded by a strange looking old wizard.
Stone connects the idea of transgender and an affinity for new forms of technology.
Stone cottages, forge and shops.
Stone cottages, view rooms and two bedroom suites.
Stone crafts on display in Mexico City.
Stone disappear into many journals although pardon callaway big bertha steel head driver.
Stone does burn.
Stone encourages participation by interested students and the public.
Stone exist through a time magazines.
Stone extracts superior performances from all involved.
Stone face down.
Stone faces, bright steel teeth, hands on riflebutts ready to fire into the crowd.
Stone figures resembling humans used to aid in navigation, found along Canada's Northern Shores.
Stone finds are therefore rare in spite of the commonness of stones among falls.
Stone fish anti-venom is the most widely used internationally.
Stone flies, caddis flies, mayflies and minnows.
Stone fragments one day after right-sided pyelolithotomy and ureterolithotomy.
Stone framing the plaque comes from Santa Maria, California.
Stone fruits a.
Stone fumes with anger.
Stone goes all out on the game sequences, which are well-shot and which sound terrific.
Stone grind all ingredients together.
Stone helps students who participate in patient interviews during their first year.
Stone indicates unit of service during the Civil War.
Stone isa object.
Stone killers one and all.
Stone laughs at that thought.
Stone leaves a widow and one child.
Stone lends strength and dignity to a structure.
Stone likes clashes of dark opposing forces.
Stone lives in New York City.
Stone lock the middle near no first mens bug jacket.
Stone look firesurround.
Stone looks for West Nile symptoms like lesions on the birds' hearts or enlarged livers and spleens.
Stone looks forward to it.
Stone looks to a top-water bait when conditions are calm.
Stone measures one inch.
Stone moves into a new apartment after a divorce, intent on starting a new life.
Stone notes that buyers today are ever more Internet-savvy.
Stone notes that many institutions had to coordinate in order to pull off the urban renewal plan.
Stone notes that Rolfing can work well in conjunction with yoga and psychotherapy.
Stone notifies the ship's captain.
Stone now understands that diagnosing illness is just a fraction of what rural physicians do.
Stone opens new horizons on the study of settlements.
Stone pathways intersect.
Stone plays a larger than life, sexy, bi-sexual femme fatale.
Stone points to increased opportunity for girls, but also said there are many more ice surfaces now.
Stone preserves abbreviated form of Ten Commandments.
Stone qualifies for finals .
Stone recommends wearing relatively new running or walking shoes with shock absorbing soles.
Stone refers to rock, clay, mud or glass.
Stone remembers it well.
Stone rivulets down the sides of the cave.
Stone rub Bottle in little goose within few cup.
Stone scores five runs in the opener.
Stone sets up high over the setting.
Stone shows that scholars too are bound by culturally- specific frames of reference.
Stone skipping is natural and universal.
Stone slabs slide into place, covering the dead.
Stone snores on for hours.
Stone specializes in American and international contemporary children's book illustration.
Stone sticks a lance in a pig and goes after it.
Stone still resides in Orange County.
Stone stops and thinks.
Stone strikes feet of image .
Stone suggests checking the label of the lotion bottle.
Stone suggests enhancing waiting rooms with plants, fish tanks and art.
Stone takes the historical approach seriously.
Stone tells about the guy in a wheelchair who stayed at the shelter for a couple of nights.
Stone vibrates at a very low level.
Stone wonders whether infected bats are contributing to the spread of the virus in New York.
Stone work with both existing stone or field stone.
Stone works in a business where people are swallowed whole.
Stones also act as a ballast, which is important in maintaining bouyancy.
Stones also communicate to mankind with a message which is completely their own.
Stones also trim the V skirt and the appliqu .
Stones also warm up faster than soil and release their heat slowly.
Stones are all down, broken, scattered, or covered with dirt.
Stones are all down.
Stones are all in excellent condition, there is minimal wear to the finish.
Stones are all in good condition.
Stones are all prong set and in great condition.
Stones are all prong set and of the highest quality, plating is well done and bright.
Stones are all prong set and very bright.
Stones are all prong set.
Stones are all prongset.
Stones are also very common and can lead to a life-threatening urinary tract blockage.
Stones are amethyst and citrine cabs a black cultured pearl and an element of carved tinted acrylic.
Stones are arrange to hold the cooking pans over the fire.
Stones are at ground level and a few have names.
Stones are available as combination stones, or single grit varieties.
Stones are available from stock in the sizes in the table below.
Stones are available in a rainbow of contemporary colors and traditional turquoise.
Stones are available in all standard cuts and many fancy shapes.
Stones are available in assorted colors.
Stones are bright and clear.
Stones are bright and happy.
Stones are bright with no discoloration.
Stones are bright.
Stones are building materials.
Stones are chipped and smoke hovers densely about the great pyramid.
Stones are clear.
Stones are coldness.
Stones are common surface features.
Stones are completely inanimate objects.
Stones are down and broken.
Stones are down and cemetery is almost destroyed.
Stones are durable, their impact on, and contribution to life is minimal.
Stones are especially sensitive to physical abuse.
Stones are essential for penguins to build their nests.
Stones are everywhere.
Stones are faceted, and a pretty, unfoiled, medium sapphire blue.
Stones are faux.
Stones are flat slabs, often round because they are so excellent for pizza crust.
Stones are formed from the salts of the uric acid.
Stones are generally in fair to poor condition.
Stones are gorgeous.
Stones are great for grinding.
Stones are handset.
Stones are hard, water is wet, objects unsupported fall towards the earth's centre.
Stones are hard.
Stones are in good condition.
Stones are in reasonable repair.
Stones are in various colors like, orange and green and burnt rust and pale brown.
Stones are inanimate objects.
Stones are individually hand cut making each a one of a kind bracelet.
Stones are located in bridges.
Stones are located in brooks.
Stones are located in caves.
Stones are located in driveways.
Stones are located in fields.
Stones are located in mines.
Stones are located in nature.
Stones are located in parks.
Stones are located in ponds.
Stones are located in riverbeds.
Stones are located in rivers.
Stones are located in shoes.
Stones are located in streams.
Stones are lovely and the settings are simple, elegant and substantial.
Stones are more common in men than in women.
Stones are most often an integral part of the design process.
Stones are much softer than diamonds, and wear away in use.
Stones are on the surface of many pedons.
Stones are only symbols.
Stones are part of buildings.
Stones are part of quarters.
Stones are powerful entities.
Stones are rare in children and in blacks.
Stones are red carnelians.
Stones are rough fieldstones with no inscriptions.
Stones are round and prong set.
Stones are small rocks.
Stones are solid objects.
Stones are sometimes hard to read and sometimes disappear.
Stones are stones and bread is bread.
Stones are stones.
Stones are the most abundant and resemble some terrestrial rocks, but are denser.
Stones are their own indictment.
Stones are three different shades of amber and are all prong set.
Stones are to be set in accordance with the resolution adopted some time ago.
Stones are translucid to transparent, but often masked by large quantities of inclusions.
Stones are tucked into tidbits of meat and then fed to the bird.
Stones are turquoise and hot pink.
Stones are used for measuring.
Stones are used for throwings.
Stones are used for throws.
Stones are used for weapons.
Stones are used for weight.
Stones are very strange objects.
Stones are visible from the road, located in the pasture.
Stones are visible from the road.
Stones arrive crashing vertically downwards.
Stones balance atop a web of lashed branches placed beneath a waterfall.
Stones become 'metalised'.
Stones begin first tour of Australia, starting in Sydney.
Stones block the shortcut.
Stones break, become unreadable, or are stolen.
Stones can already be in place.
Stones can be colorless in the extreme.
Stones can be instruments of death.
Stones can be round, jagged, or even have branches.
Stones can be small and sharp-edged or larger and smoother.
Stones can be tiny like a grain of sand or big like a golf ball.
Stones can block the flow of urine.
Stones can block the urine flow, prevent elimination of poisonous wastes and cause death.
Stones can cause chronic inflammation within the bladder and lead to recurrent infections.
Stones can collect in the hooves and cause bruising.
Stones can eventually break the instillation causing a short.
Stones can form in one or both kidneys and cause great pain as they pass down the ureters.
Stones can further complicate normal voiding.
Stones can gum up, chip or glaze and because they're porous, are difficult to clean.
Stones can hang out in the kidneys for years without obstructing any tubing.
Stones can occur at any time, at first with few symptoms.
Stones can range in size from microscopic specks to the size of a fingertip.
Stones can vary in size from as small as a grain of rice to as large as an apple.
Stones carefully cut and placed by skilled hands so long ago are carelessly tossed aside.
Stones carved include garnet, jasper, jade, agate, travertine, opal, turquoise and many others.
Stones cause problems for sugarbeet planting, thinning, harvesting and processing equipment.
Stones come in various sizes and compositions.
Stones come in various sizes, and compositions.
Stones consist of rounds and baguette.
Stones cover the pavement and sidewalks.
Stones created in a lab look identical to stones mined from the earth.
Stones created in the lab are visually identical to stones mined from the earth.
Stones Cry Out.
Stones curl around the trees, pathways wind around fountains and wishing ponds abound.
Stones do appear in the Bible text throughout.
Stones drop to the ground, and silence falls over all.
Stones easily form here as the duct opens upwards and sludging can occur.
Stones fall quickly through the air.
Stones fly through the air without hitting the soldiers, who are, anyway, out of range.
Stones gather at London's Hit Factory Studio to record two bonus tracks for upcoming live album.
Stones grind flour on the upper level, with baked goods made on site with the mill s own flour.
Stones have (part) sections.
Stones have an interesting role in today's texts.
Stones have power.
Stones have some markings and impurities that can be seen only by using a microscope.
Stones have their own personalities.
Stones have to be real, genuine stones.
Stones have to but cut d.
Stones have very slight flaking.
Stones indicate the connecting curtain wall.
Stones Just name the shape, color, and cut of the stone.
Stones lodging in the common bile duct is a problem.
Stones love to be touched.
Stones made of semi-precious stones, like jade and quartz are also available in China.
Stones make good sunning spots.
Stones move slowly.
Stones never change position, but they can be captured.
Stones never move after being placed.
Stones occur more commonly in hot climates as the urine is more concentrated.
Stones occur more frequently in men.
Stones occur when crystals separate from urine and collect on the inner surfaces of the kidney.
Stones offers one of the Midwest's most complete selection of collectibles.
Stones outline the armholes and dollar.
Stones outline the armholes, collar and waist and sleeve extensions.
Stones outline the collar, V skirt and the armholes.
Stones outline the velvet sleeve extension.
Stones perform three songs on Saturday Night Live.
Stones possessing wabi, sabi, shibui and yugen tend to be especially subtle in their beauty.
Stones range from marble size to almost sand.
Stones re main on the board as long as they are alive.
Stones really catch the light.
Stones recur after nonsurgical treatment about half the time.
Stones resemble Earth rocks and are the most common meteorites.
Stones rise up sharp and structured, forming high walls of sorrow.
Stones roll and fall into the chasm.
Stones seem to be more common in hot climates and during summer months.
Stones show some age.
Stones slide in, and then rocks.
Stones start small and gradually grow larger.
Stones stay put for the duration of the game.
Stones take various shapes based on their location in the urinary tract.
Stones tend to be multiple and tend to recur even after spontaneous passage or surgical removal.
Stones tend to be very quiet about such things.
Stones tend to move of their own accord.
Stones throw from the Beach.
Stones throw from the Salmon River.
Stones thrown from the moving blades can cause severe eye injury.
Stones used are precious, semi-precious and dichroic glass cabochons.
Stones vary in color from pale buff to dark grey.
Stones vary in personality due to their independent nature.
Stones vary in price for different qualities.
Stones vary in size, markings, coloration and availability.
Stones wear away with constant dropping.
Stones Welcome to our shop.
All stone are clear and bight.
All stone is a natural product and therefore subject to variations in color, shading and veining.
All stone is from our own quarry.
All stones appear original.
All stones appear to be clear and bright.
All stones are bead set in a silver top on a platinum base.
All stones are bright.
All stones are cabochons unless otherwise noted.
All stones are clear and bright.
All stones are clear and in excellent condition.
All stones are clear and sparkly too, none are yellow.
All stones are clear and sparkly.
All stones are clear.
All stones are deeply prong set, and are brilliant.
All stones are down and in very bad condition and some unmarked graves.
All stones are excellent quality and are cut in Thailand.
All stones are fine Austrian crystal.
All stones are flat on the ground.
All stones are gem quality.
All stones are handset.
All stones are intact and clear.
All stones are intact and minimal peeling on a few beads.
All stones are intact and the metal is silver color.
All stones are jewelry quality.
All stones are natural and free formed crystals.
All stones are open back.
All stones are open-backed and foiled.
All stones are original and in good condition.
All stones are original and prong set.
All stones are original, and some clouded discoloration is present.
All stones are pristine.
All stones are prong set and the center stones are all bezel set with decorative prongs.
All stones are prong set in a quality gold tone setting.
All stones are prong set, look great on.
All stones are prong set.
All stones are prongset.
All stones are quality certified.
All stones are shiny and clear, and are prong set in a quality gold tone setting.
All stones are simulants.
All stones are subject to scratching.
All stones are there, but a couple are kinda dark.
All stones are very brilliant.
All stones arrive to our customers ready to be set in a piece of fine jewelry.
All stones care prong set on a gold tone metal back.
All stones come labled for easy identification.
All stones do.
All stones face east.
All stones listed above are available styled as the above sliver drop necklace.
All stones used are genuine natural.
All stones used are synthetic in nature.
Every stone has a different healing function.
Every stone has a personality.
Every stone has a very special meaning.
Every stone here has a story to tell.
Every stone here speaks.
Every stone is different.
Every stone is numbered.
Every stone reflects energy and purpose with a releasing effect on the body as it is being applied.
Many stone slabs in the walls and courtyards are decorated with relief carvings.
Many stone sloping streets are still in existance.
Many stones are down and broken.
Many stones are down, but brush and trees have been cleared so that cemetery is in good condition.
Many stones are good candidates for the hillside.
Many stones are illegible or buried or broken.
Many stones are irradiated in order to enhance their color.
Many stones are mixed, with pigment on the inside, wrapped in a cholesterol coat.
Many stones are porous, including turquoise .
Many stones are rich in oxalate.
Many stones are small enough to be carried from the cemetery by vandals.
Many stones are unable to read due to weathering and many are broken.
Many stones are unreadable.
Many stones can form an arch, singly none, singly none.
Many stones cause sudden severe pain, bloody urine, obstruction, or infection.
Many stones have a verse, usually religiously oriented, following the actual inscription.
Many stones have an epitaph taken from the scriptures or a quote that reflects on the deceased.
Many stones here give the age in years, only, at date of death.
Many stones look like human and animals.
Many stones pass spontaneously.
Many stones require a matrix, often protein, upon which minerals become deposited.
Many stones show newly damaged lettering.
Many stones show similar reactions as to long wave.
Many stones wash out with the urine without any help from doctors.
Most stone carving files have uni-directional teeth, meaning that they only cut in one direction.
Most stone centipedes inhabit regions.
Most stones are hand- cut and all pieces are handcrafted.
Most stones are hand-cut and all pieces are handcrafted.
Most stones are illegible.
Most stones are marble and very hard to read.
Most stones are mixtures of calcium, bilirubin, and cholesterol.
Most stones are old and hard to read.
Most stones are one inch in diameter.
Most stones become even more beautiful when wet and colours appear to intensify.
Most stones form in the kidney and some travel to the ureter or bladder.
Most stones form in the kidney.
Most stones found in guinea pigs are composed of calcium carbonate.
Most stones pass with conservative management i.e. hydration, analgesics.
Some stone bears, a gold feather, brass leaves and a couple of crystals.
Some stone has a very special connotation.
Some stone points that people call arrowheads are really spear points.
Some stone stains easily.
Some stones also mark events on the lunar calendar.
Some stones are available for purchase.
Some stones are calibrated, some are free form.
Some stones are down, but most are standing and in generally good condition.
Some stones are erect, others are fallen.
Some stones are even as big as golf balls.
Some stones are illegible.
Some stones are in bad shape, some are sunken and some graves without stones.
Some stones are in rose and gooseberry bushes.
Some stones are larger and others are smaller than diamond by weight in comparison.
Some stones are like old masters and others more modern.
Some stones are magnetic as found.
Some stones are more elaborate than others.
Some stones are quite worn and some a bit overgrown.
Some stones are round, others are square.
Some stones are slightly cloudy.
Some stones are small enough to be forced into the urethra.
Some stones are very hard to read if readable at all.
Some stones can grow to be very large without causing symptoms.
Some stones carry an array of colors, which a master artisan can use to good effect.
Some stones cause great pain while others cause very little.
Some stones cause great pain, while others cause very little pain.
Some stones have a smooth, polished-feeling surface, while others can be very rough and spiny.
Some stones hold clear images.
Some stones indicate a single date and that is the death date.
Some stones look like loaves of bread .
Some stones pose no problem.
Some stones release gases that build up inside the barrel.
Some stones require surgery for removal.
Some stones stay in the kidney and produce no symptoms.
Some stones weigh more than others because stones have different density.
Some stones work properly only when used with water.
Some stoneage hardware needs delays after some operations.
A stonecrop is a sedum
Stonecrops generally grow well in hot, dry, sunny areas, such as the Southwest.
Stonecutter work is heavy duty with considerable lifting.
All stonefish stings require medical attention as do most deep stings caused by other fish.
Stonefish venoms have both cardiovascular and neuromuscular toxicity.
A stonefish is a bony fish
Stonefish is the most venomous fish in the world.
Stonefish is the most venomous fish the world.
Stonefish isa fish.
Stonefishes are important fishery resource in the live fish trade.
Stonefishes can be deadly to humans, as can California native northern Pacific rattlesnakes.
Stonefishs have (part) brains.
Stonefishs have (part) breasts.
Stonefishs have (part) cell membranes.
Stonefishs have (part) chest cavities.
Stonefishs have (part) chests.
Stonefishs have (part) corpi.
Stonefishs have (part) cytoplasm.
Stonefishs have (part) ears.
Stonefishs have (part) faces.
Stonefishs have (part) fish scales.
Stonefishs have (part) fishbones.
Stonefishs have (part) flippers.
Stonefishs have (part) heads.
Stonefishs have (part) nuclei.
Stonefishs have (part) pedal extremities.
Stonefishs have (part) plasma membranes.
Stonefishs have (part) rib cages.
Stonefishs have (part) sections.
Stonefishs have (part) skulls.
Stonefishs have (part) sperm.
Stonefishs have (part) sterna.
Stonefishs have (part) tail fins.
Stonefishs have (part) vacuoles.
Stonefishs have (part) vertebrate feet.
Stonefishs have (part) yolks.
Stonefishs have anal spines.
Stonefishs have dorsal fin spines.
Stonefishs have dorsal spines.
Stonefishs have sharp spines.
Stonefishs have spines.
Stonefishs have stout spines.
Stonefishs have strong spines.
Stonefishs live in tropical water.
Stonefishs live in water.
Stonefishs possess anal spines.
Stonefishs possess dorsal fin spines.
Stonefishs possess sharp spines.
Stonefishs possess spines.
Most stonefishs have anal spines.
Most stonefishs have sharp spines.
Most stonefishs have spines.
Most stonefishs have stout spines.
Most stonefishs have strong spines.
Most stonefishs live in tropical water.
Most stonefishs live in water.
Most stonefishs possess anal spines.
Most stonefishs possess dorsal fin spines.
Most stonefishs possess sharp spines.
Some stonefishs eat shrimp.
Some stonefishs have reproduction.
Some stonefishs kill prey.
Some stonefishs live in regions.
A stonefly is an insect
Stoneflies are absent entirely.
Stoneflies are an important source of food for many fish that are found in ponds and streams.
Stoneflies are insects.
Stoneflies are lower priority than the caddisflies on the list.
Stoneflies are moderately tolerant of metals.
Stoneflies are probably more active in the winter months than most aquatics.
Stoneflies are still around, but are dying out.
Stoneflies are the first to disappear from a stream as human disturbance increases.
Stoneflies are the largest of the three main types of trout stream insects.
Stoneflies are the most pollution sensitive of aquatic insect groups.
Stoneflies come in a variety of sizes and colors.
Stoneflies crawl out of the water and mate on the ground.
Stoneflies have long cerci projecting from the end of the abdomen.
Stoneflies have two pairs of wings.
Stoneflies live in protected areas of debris, leaves, or under stones.
Stoneflies look similar to mayflies but are stockier.
Stoneflies offer some very exciting fishing on our freestone streams.
Stoneflies only live in clean water.
Stoneflies require clean, well-oxygenated water to survive.
Stoneflies tend to like faster water, rocks, boulders and overhanging trees.
Stoneflies tend to like faster water, rocks, boulders, overhanging trees.
All stoneflies inhabit freshwater as nymphs.
All stoneflies require a rich supply of dissolved oxygen, which is plentiful in winter streams.
Many stoneflies are predators that stalk their prey and hide around and between rocks.
Many stoneflies are relatively large and important food for fish.
Many stoneflies are shredders and feed on leaf litter that drops from an overhanging tree canopy.
Some stoneflies are carnivors, and they are eaten by a variety of fish.
A stonemason is an artisan
Stonemasons build similar surfaces or structures out of stone.
Stonemasons Build stone structures, such as piers, walls, and abutments.
Stonemasons build stone walls as well as set stone exteriors and floors.
Stonemasons build stone walls as well as stone exteriors and floors.
Stonemasons build stone walls as well as the stone exteriors and floors.
Stonemasons build stone walls, as well as set stone exteriors and floors.
Stonemasons do work that is similar to that of bricklayers.
Stonemasons still practice in part of the Middle East today.
Stonemasons usually work on structures such as houses of worship, hotels, and office buildings.
Some stonemasons specialize in setting marble, which is similar to setting large pieces of stone.
Stoner Creek offers some of the finest fishing and canoeing in Central Kentucky.
A stoner is an attacker
Stoners are attackers.
Stoners are capable of smoke pots.
Stoners are located in concerts.
Stoners bump into each other and knock things over a lot.
Stoners have an increased tendency to be clumsy.
Stoners usually travel in packs.
Stones records are virtual opposites, roaring with heavy artillery but airy and spacious as well.
Stonewall farm is a local, New Hampshire conference center.
Stoneware body is microwave, oven and dishwasher safe.
A stoneware is an utensil
All stoneware is completely handmade from start to finish.
All stoneware is microwave, dishwasher, oven safe.
All stoneware is wheel thrown, individually sculpted and exquisitely detailed.
Stonework begins on the foundation.
Stonework gives a yard a sense of permanence and distinction.
Stonework is masonry
Stonework is masonry.
Stonework remains of Spanish fort.
Some stonework remains.
A stonewort is green algae
Stonewort isa alga.
Stonewort isa algae.
Stonewort secretes a hard lime coating and becomes brittle.
Stoneworts are large algae.
Stoneworts are of little importance to humans.
Stoneworts have (part) cell membranes.
Stoneworts have (part) cells.
Stoneworts have (part) corpi.
Stoneworts have (part) cytoplasm.
Stoneworts have (part) nuclei.
Stoneworts have (part) plasma membranes.
Stoneworts have (part) sections.
Stoneworts have (part) vacuoles.
Stoneworts have characteristics.
Stoneworts have several characteristics.
Stoneworts have stalks.
Most stoneworts generally occur in fresh water.
Most stoneworts have characteristics.
Most stoneworts have several characteristics.
Some stoneworts have roots.
Some stoneworts look like plants.
Some stoneworts look like root plants.
Some stoneworts possess ability.
Stoney irons have characteristics of both the stoney and iron types.
Stong emotions can bring out both the best and the worst in people.
Stonings are corporal punishment.
A stony coral is a coral
Stony coral is the most common sort but there is another type of coral soft coral.
Stony corals are animals which help build our coral reefs.
Stony corals are corals.
Stony corals are found in warm, shallow waters of the world.
Stony corals are the major reef architects.
Stony corals employ several methods of asexual reproduction.
Stony corals produce limy cases that build the reef.
Stony Lake is two hours from Toronto.
Stony meteorites are difficult to identify.
Stony meteorites are harder to identify because they look like volcanic rocks.
Stony meteorites are similar to terrestrial rocks.
Stony meteorites are the hardest to identify since they look very much like terrestrial rocks.
Stony meteorites are the ones most commonly observed falling to Earth.
Stony meteorites can superficially resemble earth rocks, so they often go unnoticed.
Stony meteorites contain small flecks of free metal.
Stony meteorites look similar to ordinary rocks.
Most stony meteorites contain chondrules and therefore are called chondrites.
Stony phases are common.
A stooge is a victim
Any stooge can outrun Enterprise security.
Stool tests show levels.
Some stool tests are done by doctors.
Some stool tests reveal infection.
A stool is a seat
Stool isa furniture.
Stools are also everyday items, used instead of chairs.
Stools are available to sit in the isle, if their are no seats left.
Stools are black or tar-like.
Stools are capable of evil laughter.
Stools are dark red or maroon.
Stools are difficult to flush away and very smelly.
Stools are easy projects.
Stools are furniture.
Stools are green and watery, with much pain before and after stools.
Stools are greenish brown, and their consistency varies from watery to sticky.
Stools are greenish-brown and their consistency varies from watery to sticky.
Stools are hard and dry.
Stools are hemoccult negative.
Stools are located in bars.
Stools are located in buildings.
Stools are located in classrooms.
Stools are located in corners.
Stools are located in internet cafes.
Stools are made of metal.
Stools are often malodorous and have a pale greasy appearance.
Stools are pale as a result of poor lipid absorption.
Stools are practical, and space-saving for tight areas.
Stools are reddish due to Nothing.
Stools are seats.
Stools are semisolid to liquid and often carry blood.
Stools are smaller and fewer.
Stools are soft and grayish or brownish, with abundant fecal particles.
Stools are soft.
Stools are sour and there is tenesmus.
Stools are stumps.
Stools are undigested foods, bacteria, mucus, and dead cells.
Stools are used for climbing.
Stools are used for milkings.
Stools are used for resting.
Stools are used for support.
Stools are used for working.
Stools are usually watery and can be passed several times and hour.
Stools are very often hot.
Stools are watery and the diarrhea can be mild to severe.
Stools become malodorous, mushy, and greasy.
Stools become thicker as the small intestine absorbs more water.
Stools can also be whitish.
Stools can be very loose or partly formed, with or without blood.
Stools can become hard and dry due to too much water being absorbed through the intestines.
Stools can range from abnormally soft to watery.
Stools can turn red after eating certain red foods, such as beets or red licorice.
Stools commonly become black when iron preparations are taken by mouth.
Stools contain an excessive amount of fat and are foul smelling and greasy in appearance.
Stools Expect fewer or smaller bowel movements during the next day or two.
Stools have (part) sections.
Stools have (part) upholstery.
Stools have a rush cane seat.
Stools have a strong, foul odor.
Stools have a two tone white and natural finish.
Stools have chemical smell.
Stools have color.
Stools have smell.
Stools line a countertop up front.
Stools look like cottage cheese and mustard.
Stools pass unnoticed.
Stools produce a repugnant odour.
Stools produced can be sharp or painful to pass, often leading to straining and discomfort.
Stools provide an intermediate step between standard gardening and raised beds.
Stools seem unusually hard.
Stools show occult blood early and occasionally become frankly bloody.
Stools surround the tall table.
Stools typically are bulky, with a foul odor.
Stools often have a rancid odor, a yellow to white color and are putty-like in consistency.
Stools usually take on a darker coloration as toxins are released from the body .
All stools come with black upholstery as standard.
Most stools are made of metal.
Most stools have a listing of replacement parts on the underside of the bottom step.
Most stools have chemical smell.
Most stools have color.
Some stools consist of water.
Some stools contain blood.
Some stools contain mucuses.
Some stools have steps.
Some stools have worms.
Some stools offer comfort.
Stoolings are biological growth.
Stoop is an inclining
Stoop is inclination.
Stoop is located in front doors.
Stoop is porchs.
Stoops already has half a dozen in two years.
Stoops also creates dialogues between techniques and materials.
Stoops appears plenty sharp.
Stoops calls that the mecca or magnet theory.
Stoops can do that.
Stoops even has a frame of reference.
Stoops has to set an example.
Stoops is a hyper-competitive guy who wants to beat everybody.
Stoops is a star in the coaching biz.
Stoops is an ice man.
Stoops is here to stay.
Stoops is no stranger to in-state rivalries.
Stoops is the reason.
Stoops is the son of a football coach.
Stoops is the ultimate motivator.
Stoops leaves with quite a legacy.
Stoops reigns at Oklahoma.
Stoops reviews Missouri's game.
Stoops wants no part of the loaded question, which of course is rhetorical.
A stop is an act
Stops are a necessary insurance policy.
Stops are acts.
Stops are adjustable on the side.
Stops are also farther apart due to the increased length of the route.
Stops are also important.
Stops are approx.
Stops are approximately every mile along the route.
Stops are at academic buildings, library, residence halls, and a student recreational facility.
Stops are at the door or within close proximity.
Stops are endings.
Stops are ends.
Stops are essential, but they don t have to be orders to buy or sell stock or futures.
Stops are every other week.
Stops are frequent in shady areas to stretch and observe local bird life en route.
Stops are knobs.
Stops are less frequent than buses but more often than commuter rail.
Stops are located in busy streets.
Stops are located in cities.
Stops are located in motors.
Stops are located in organs.
Stops are located in telegram.
Stops are mandatory.
Stops are money management.
Stops are on the lower level of each terminal.
Stops are part of organs.
Stops are primarily in the Merrimack Valley, Lakes Region and White Mountains.
Stops are shorter and more assured.
Stops are sounds that are maintained for a very short amount of time.
Stops are stays.
Stops are sure, short and straight.
Stops are sure.
Stops are to include Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Oman, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Bahrain.
Stops are used for stops.
Stops are used for waits.
Stops automatically take entry and exit commissions into account.
Stops blade in seconds - convenient for fast, repetitive cuts.
Stops burn progression.
Stops buy the art gallery and souvenir shops.
Stops bx idnet cycles.
Stops cause stops.
Stops chrome from pitting and aluminum from oxidizing.
Stops chuck slippage - Flats on drill shanks allow easy positive chuck grip.
Stops claim activity.
Stops dictionary A detailed examination of the most commonly-found stops.
Stops enroute to the East Bay listed below.
Stops file handle leakage in recursive file opens.
Stops have to be short so fans don t miss any part of the show.
Stops here allow chances to see a working cheese factory and sample the goods at a homey cafe.
Stops hold cover at vertical to act as shield.
Stops limit the effective aperture so that angles of off-axis rays are small, minimising coma.
Stops menu items from being hidden.
Stops microprocessor until coprocessor has finished an operation.
Stops onlu when Marine world is open.
Stops paint from peeling off concrete.
Stops parse on first fatal error.
Stops play of the multimedia source.
Stops range in event of obvious visible cloth defects and notifies supervisor.
Stops restrain translation in one or both directions along one or more axes.
Stops rotor rumbling in all crops with heavy straw.
Stops rub and protects from harmful UV rays.
Stops rust immediately and stops new rust formation on rust-free or heavily rusted surfaces.
Stops search before it is complete.
Stops user from logging in by watching utmp and killing the tty of that user as soon as it appears.
Stops vary depending on the group size.
Stops work at job site when required.
Stops wound up with three seven-day vacations during the year.
All stops also serve as deposit points for member libraries.
All stops are at front entrance except where noted.
ALL stops are on demand only.
All stops come together to weave the musical fabric.
All stops display the distinctive green and cream open-top bus sign.
Every stop has the potential for danger.
Every stop has to be an important stop.
Every stop is a little bit different.
Every stop is a place to start.
Every stop is different.
Every stop is plotted and there are no surprises.
Every stop is punctuated by handshakes.
Many stops also have species lists as well as interesting web links that relate to the exhibit.
Many stops are necessary in order for many vehicles to stop at the same time in a small area.
Many stops are unmanned.
Many stops have schedule posted.
Many stops have vendors that sell food items at stations where longer stops are made.
Many stops offer a convenient bench and some have shelters.
More stops also increase the length of the bus ride.
Most stops have a place to purchase ice cream, soda or chips.
Most stops involve only short walks, but one includes a half-mile, moderately uphill walk.
Some stops are much more likely than others.
Some stops can get messy.
Some stops have a central platform.
Some stops have bus shelters.
Some stops have shelters with large ads.
Some stops offer no more than the checker's cabin.
Some stops offer nothing more than the checker's cabin.
Some stops require more than one rank.
Some stops require other tests of skill, such as changing a flat tire.
Some stops serve more than one bus.
Some stops serve several buses.
A stopcock is a faucet
Stopcocks are also available for insufflation.
Stopcocks are faucets.
Stopcocks are then closed and the pressurized compartments are maintained.
Stopcocks serve many functions in the laboratory and come in many different forms.
A stoplight is light
Stoplight provides an audit log of file activity.
Stoplights are lamps.
Stoplights are located in street corners.
Stoplights are rare.
Stoplights are signals.
Stoplights are unresponsive to bikes.
Stoplights are visual signals.
Stoplights Illustrates how stoplights look to many casualties at close range.
A stopover is a stop
Stopovers are stops.
Stopovers result in use of additional coupon.
Most stopovers are for unlimited periods and some side trips are permitted.
Some stopovers last only one night, others up to four weeks.
Stoppage is an act
Stoppages are at an all time low - the table shows what causes the few there are.
Stopped flutes have a more hollow tone than the open flutes.
Stopped time begins as soon as a penalty or violation occurs.
A stopper is a playing card
Stopper has a glass dauber.
Stopper has dauber.
Stopper has glass dabber still attached.
Stopper has matching hand cut design as bottle.
Stopper has straight chip along bottom.
Stopper is broken.
Stopper is perfect.
Stopper isa structure.
Stopper protects contents from airborne contaminants.
Stoppers are lined with aluminum foil to minimize losses due to sorption from the headspace.
Stoppers are playing cards.
Stoppers are the foundation of any climbing rack.
Stoppers are the most important issues that make up complete sets of coins.
Stoppers come in many forms such as cork, rubber and plastic film that stretches over the opening.
Stoppers excel as bird attractors because of their small, fleshy fruits.
Stoppers have (part) bases.
Stoppers have (part) sections.
Stoppers help solve and prevent further crimes in the community.
Stoppers provide small crack protection that stays in place.
Some stoppers fill with cork.
Some stoppers have tubes.
Stopping are endings.
Stopping are events.
Stopping are playing.
A stopwatch is a timer
Stopwatch isa timer.
Stopwatches are cool - but kind of limited.
Stopwatches have (part) balance wheels.
Stopwatches have (part) sections.
Stopwatches never lie.
Stopwatchs are timers.
Stopwatch always remembers the final measurement.
A storage battery is a battery
Storage batteries Accumulate up trophic levels.
Storage batteries are the heart of an independent power system.
Storage batteries are the principal source of standby power for crossing warning systems.
Storage batteries power the radio receiver and control devices.
Storage batteries provide the energy required to start the engine.
Storage battery caps.
Storage cabinet includes one shelf.
Storage cabinets are to be labeled with the chemical classes stored within.
Storage cabinets have no metal hardware.
Storage cabinets provide space for stowing extra gear.
Storage capacity allows for up to one month of data.
Storage capacity can vary.
Storage capacity depends on amount of disk space and compression ratio.
Storage capacity depends on the density and resolution of the faxed pages.
Storage capacity disappears exponentially.
Storage capacity has to meet current requirements yet scale quickly for future needs.
Storage capacity is abt.
Storage capacity is available to meet the needs of raw data, images, sound and video.
Storage capacity is cheaper than ever before.
Storage capacity is G gallons.
Storage capacity is generally bigger in a diesel vs. a comparable length gas unit.
Storage capacity is given in kilobytes, megabytes, or gigabytes.
Storage capacity is limited to the amount of memory available.
Storage capacity is measured in megabytes .
Storage capacity is measured in megabytes.
Storage capacity is more important than powerful CPUs.
Storage capacity is on the same evolutionary path.
Storage capacity is only part for the equation.
Storage capacity is rated in amp-hours.
Storage capacity shows up right on the screen.
Storage capacity varies depending on the scene or subjects.
Storage capacity varies slightly from brand to brand.
Storage conditions affect product quality.
Storage conditions are also important.
Storage conditions are of primary importance.
Storage conditions are the basis of preservation.
Storage conditions can cause reagents to change with time.
Storage conditions can make a difference between a bad and good bottle of the same vintage.
Storage conditions have significant quantitative and qualitative effects on legume milling.
Storage decisions are at the discretion of the custodian.
Storage depots are well concealed and dispersed.
A storage device is a device
Storage devices are eligible for replacement only.
Storage devices are to be used only to store work-related information.
Storage devices can be either permanent, semi-permanent, or temporary.
Storage devices plug in easily, too.
Storage devices store the entered information and programs for future use.
Storage diseases are gray mold, parsnip canker, bacterial soft rot, and watery soft rot.
Some storage diseases affect muscles.
Storage efficiency assumes all drives are of identical size.
Storage efficiency comes in two optional packages.
Storage heating is available at no extra charge.
All storage locations are initially empty.
A storage locker is a compartment
Storage lockers are available for ski equipment.
Storage lockers are under dorm beds.
Storage management becomes a simpler process, and is definitely cost effective.
Storage management challenges Capacity alone is only part of the total storage equation.
Storage management involves much more than just backups and restoration of data.
Storage management is a significant component for the marketability of Michigan potatoes.
Storage management is concerned with the allocation of memory for programs and data.
Storage management is handled automatically.
Storage management is handled efficiently and automatically.
Storage management uses two algorithms when selecting a unit for a new allocation.
A storage medium is a medium
Storage media are efficient, robust, and cheap.
Storage media Know the nuances of storage media.
Storage mediums are mediums.
All storage media is fallible.
All storage mediums have at least one directory, the root directory.
Storage memory continues to drop in price.
Storage networks are the future of storage.
Storage of water requires specific guidelines to prevent bacteria growth during storage.
Storage pits contain wild seeds, but also corn.
Storage pool defects.
Storage proteins contain a large proportion of particular amino acid residues.
Storage proteins contain energy, which is released during metabolism processes in the organism.
Storage proteins provide amino acids.
Some storage proteins promote inflammation.
Storage reservoirs are structures used to store water.
Storage rights are usually only for one filling of the storage vessel per year.
A storage room is a room
Storage room abounds.
Storage room is always in demand and can become something else easily.
Storage room is at the galley and under the seats.
Storage rooms are available for students in most residence halls.
Storage rooms are available to users during their productions.
Storage rooms are rooms.
Storage rooms are storage devices.
Some storage rooms have shelves.
Storage roots are sensitive to changes in soil temperature depending on stage of root development.
Storage roots contain high levels of sugar that nurture the developing spears.
Storage roots exhibit sunken lesions that are black and crusty.
Some storage roots appear healthy from the outside but are decayed internally.
Storage sheds are available for fishing parties to use for gear, tackle and engines.
All storage silos equipped with audible or visual warning devices to prevent overloading.
Storage space abounds with every corner neatly labeled and filled.
Storage space abounds, with map pockets, console storage, and a decently sized glovebox.
Storage space can also be a problem.
Storage space is a factor many consumers fail to consider.
Storage space is a very personal thing.
Storage space is abundant with room for shoes and accessories.
Storage space is also ample in the attic and area over the garage.
Storage space is also critical.
Storage space is always a valuable commodity on computers.
Storage space is always an issue with computers, so data compression is used whenever possible.
Storage space is always at a premium.
Storage space is an area
Storage space is areas.
Storage space is available for aggregates, cement and pozzolan, and admixtures.
Storage space is available for business or extended-stay guests.
Storage space is available for projects and personal materials in our rental lockers.
Storage space is available for storing large and expensive equipment.
Storage space is available for student projects.
Storage space is available for students planning to return for the fall semester.
Storage space is available for the registered student groups in a room next door.
Storage space is available for two million tons of coal.
Storage space is available in a bin under the center stack and in two large door pockets.
Storage space is available in basement free of charge.
Storage space is available under the berth and under the two swivel seats.
Storage space is available, and there is a dolly for moving equipment.
Storage space is available.
Storage space is average.
Storage space is below average and the boot is only big enough for a medium-sized suitcase.
Storage space is cheap, duplicates are easy to spot.
Storage space is currently at a premium.
Storage space is designed to accommodate bulk buying in refillable containers.
Storage space is excellent and there is a deep and comfortable cockpit.
Storage space is excellent and there is a wine cellar on the lower level.
Storage space is excellent with seven small cubicles, door pockets and net pouches in the seatbacks.
Storage space is extremely limited.
Storage space is fair with a glovebox and bin, without locks, side pocket nets and cupholders.
Storage space is flexible enough to meet changing family needs.
Storage space is generous.
Storage space is good and the cargo area is able to swallow greater loads than before.
Storage space is inadequate.
Storage space is limited in each residence hall.
Storage space is limited on the boat, so try and be as compact as possible.
Storage space is limited on the vessels so have students bring a minimum of gear.
Storage space is limited to space available.
Storage space is limited.
Storage space is low.
Storage space is mostly behind the seats, as the trunk is dominated by a big fuel cell.
Storage space is no longer just in the trunk.
Storage space is now cheap.
Storage space is now, apparently, a potentially large problem.
Storage space is often limited.
Storage space is on order for some of the servers.
Storage space is part of museums.
Storage space is plentiful.
Storage space is probably the most common occurrence.
Storage space is provided for forty alerts.
Storage space is shared among programs.
Storage space is the industry's best .
Storage space is the most sought after design feature, followed by patios.
Storage space is the number one problem for people living and cooking in small apartments.
Storage space is tight in the sleeper cars.
Storage space is tight, but it is essential to secure all gear.
Storage space is tight.
Storage space is unfinished.
Storage space is usually limited due to strong demand.
Storage space is very limited on campus.
Storage space is very limited.
Storage space is where the programs actually reside, somewhat permanently, in the computer.
Storage space required is a function of time of year and the seasonal runoff volume.
Storage space scales as well from megabytes to terrabytes.
Storage space seems to be a never ending problem in the nineties.
Storage space varies and prices are typically based on storage space.
Storage spaces abound, and there is a useful aircraft-style overhead console.
Storage spaces are also handy.
Storage spaces are convenient, but paying tenants are profitable.
Storage spaces are huge.
More storage space allows more graphics to be served.
More storage space is needed.
More storage space means more games can be loaded and accessible at any time.
Most storage space is part of museums.
Some storage space is available on the Student Server.
Some storage space is provided.
Storage system upgrades to facilitate collection of materials useful to educators.
Storage systems are also ideal incubators for microorganisms.
Storage systems are among the most fascinating and the most important parts of computer systems.
Storage systems are no longer stand-alone, single function boxes.
Most storage systems have adjustable shelves to fit a multitude of media storage scenarios.
A storage tank is a vessel
Storage tanks are a critical component of today's infrastructure.
Storage tanks are available in many sizes.
Storage tanks are mechanical structures.
Storage tanks are of many designs and configurations.
Storage tanks can lose water to the air if their tops are open.
Storage tanks contain various types of fuel, petroleum, and in some cases, hazardous waste.
Storage tanks permit the operation of pumps during periods of low electrical use rates.
Storage tanks protect bulk petroleum to a large degree.
Storage tanks stand upright in the middle of the property.
All storage tanks are accessible by rail cars and tank trucks.
Storage technologies consist of metal hydrides, chemical hydrides, liquefaction, and compressed gas.
Storage technologies continue to provide ever-greater capacity and faster throughput.
Storage technologies have numerous links with micro and nanotechnologies.
Storage technologies vary widely and can range from disk and tape drives to optical jukeboxes.
Storage technology continues to advance at a staggering pace.
Storage technology evolves at a dizzying pace.
Storage units are available for a monthly fee.
Many storage units are also available and vary in size.
Some storage units are climate controlled.
Storage abounds with walk-in and wall pantries.
Storage allows for the screening of furnace coke.
Storage allows the market to sort out needs and quality needs.
Storage also is a challenge.
Storage also is available in the attic.
Storage also is important, as children start to accumulate toys.
Storage also offers a photocopy service upon request for journal articles with a complete citation.
Storage also offers a photocopy service upon request for journal articles.
Storage Be careful to store diamonds in a fabric lined box with dividers.
Storage becomes an aid to build the tower before each game.
Storage begins when whole seeds with hard seed coats are extracted from cones.
Storage can also influence colostrum quality.
Storage can also make an electric utility system operate more efficiently.
Storage can be a problem with the wetter grain.
Storage can be a problem.
Storage can be expensive.
Storage can become deadly in the event of a real fire, causing people to trip as they try to escape.
Storage can support management by rear-view mirror.
Storage can take the form of lakes or recharge projects.
Storage carbohydrates in tulips include both starch and fructan.
Storage charges beyond one month are the responsibility of the employee.
Storage comes in two forms, internal and removable.
Storage Consider using leak detection and alarm systems.
Storage consists of filing information so that it can be referred to, as needed.
Storage consists of on elevated storage tank and one at grade reservoir.
Storage continues to be a major item.
Storage costs money and the computers lose value rapidly.
Storage covers hard drives, tape drives, removables, etc.
Storage cupboards the full length of hallway.
Storage does no good if the plants are never grown.
Storage eliminates daily hauling and allows timely application to row crops.
Storage exists below the bunk, of course.
Storage exists inside the bolster as well.
Storage fits nicely with document imaging.
Storage improves flavor.
Storage incorporates both frozen and ethanol-preserved methods.
Storage increases dramatically with the third seat folded up and out of the way.
Storage involves managing radioactive material in a safe manner with provision for retrieval.
Storage is a challenging consideration.
Storage is a concern at all phases of the digitisation chain, from capture, through to archiving.
Storage is a consideration.
Storage is a critical part of a bulletproof e-business infrastructure.
Storage is a device or media that data and applications are stored on.
Storage is a disk and backup monitoring and reporting tool.
Storage is a highly visible, exponentially growing requirement for government agencies.
Storage is a huge competitive weapon.
Storage is a major problem especially in the phy ed athletic area.
Storage is a moving and storage company.
Storage is a problem in the Viper.
Storage is a problem.
Storage is a service.
Storage is a snap as is delivering production quantities to the manufacturing floor.
Storage is a snap.
Storage is a strong point.
Storage is a third issue involved in the advantages.
Storage is a value-added activity.
Storage is a way if avoiding seasonally low prices.
Storage is a wonderful thing.
Storage is abundant, including full-length gunwale compartments.
Storage is acceptable.
Storage is accepted on a first come, first serve basis.
Storage is actually more simple than any other kind of preservation for a number of vegetables.
Storage is adequate for both crude and finished products.
Storage is adequate up front with a center bin, door pockets and a glove box.
Storage is adequate.
Storage is allocated and deallocated explicitly.
Storage is allocated in blocks of contiguous memory.
Storage is also a challenge.
Storage is also a place where technical and business considerations collide.
Storage is also a problem.
Storage is also available under each articulating windscreen and in the dash glove box.
Storage is also important after the meal or party.
Storage is also important.
Storage is also likely.
Storage is also now possible away from the original computer, on the internet.
Storage is also quick and easy.
Storage is also valuable during extended periods of bad weather which make application impractical.
Storage is also valuable to the overseas coke producer.
Storage is always a difficult issue for students remaining on campus over the summer.
Storage is always a problem.
Storage is always at a premium on marine vessels.
Storage is ample with a large center console, a glove box and door pockets.
Storage is ample, with various cubbies and cupholers located around the interior.
Storage is an important factor as well.
Storage is an issue primarily to people who are assembling large collections of CED's.
Storage is another area that seems to be trendy among consumers.
Storage is another focus.
Storage is another key element.
Storage is another main component to look at when purchasing a computer.
Storage is as easy as a hook on the wall.
Storage is assessed on a per cubic foot basis.
Storage is at a premium, so the sides of the tube house storage racks.
Storage is at end of year.
Storage is at the event sponsor's own risk.
Storage is available for as short as one month or longer periods of time such as years.
Storage is available for bicycles.
Storage is available for canvases, painting materials, and pallets.
Storage is available in a variety of size including spaces for boats and autos.
Storage is available in the basement, and it is allocated space - almost the size of a small room.
Storage is available on both sides of an optical disk so it can be flipped over for more storage.
Storage is available seasonally or by the year.
Storage is available under both the settees and the berths.
Storage is available via an agreed upon financial arrangement.
Storage is based on compatibility, and storage requirements.
Storage is behind both settees, with bookshelves and cabinets throughout.
Storage is charged one month in advance and services are billed for the month past.
Storage is charged per month or part thereof and normally invoiced in advance on a quarterly basis.
Storage is cheap.
Storage is commercial enterprises.
Storage is completely scalable and it is based on optical technology.
Storage is continuous for five years subject to monthly fee payment via credit card.
Storage is convenient, too.
Storage is critical.
Storage is currently in trailers on the high school grounds.
Storage is defined as the movement of a chemical into the blood from the site of administration.
Storage is definitely an issue to consider in Wisconsin.
Storage is done in blocks of memory called pages.
Storage is easy and the boats are maintenance-free.
Storage is easy, there is a very efficient method that is compact and fast.
Storage is easy.
Storage is effected automatically in a job oriented file system.
Storage is effected automatically.
Storage is enhanced by proper shopping.
Storage is essential for marketing carrot production.
Storage is excellent, particularly with the rear seat folded out of the way.
Storage is expensive and detracts from freshness and quality.
Storage is expensive and involves an opportunity costs of the storage facilities.
Storage is expensive and requires additional documentation, such as a security certificate.
Storage is facilitated by two large meals rather than smaller ones.
Storage is fairly easy to overcome.
Storage is fleet, but memory lasts forever.
Storage is for individuals to store furniture and belongings.
Storage is free of cost.
Storage is free.
Storage is generous throughout.
Storage is good with a big center bin, a storage tray in front of the bin and two drink holders.
Storage is good, both for small items up front and for luggage.
Storage is good, with a big glovebox and central bin but the door pockets are a bit small.
Storage is great, too.
Storage is handled by automated tape robots in a highly secure, environmentally controlled location.
Storage is important compared to alternatives, such as gas-fired units, due to environmental issues.
Storage is important for future testing.
Storage is in body fat.
Storage is in bone.
Storage is in demand inside the home from the basement up to the attic and outside the home as well.
Storage is in regolith and fractures in rock.
Storage is in regolith, primary openings, and secondary fractures and solution openings in rock.
Storage is in the foldout table inside the chair's arm.
Storage is in two large dry lockers and shelves that surround the stove.
Storage is inadequate.
Storage is inevitable in the kitchen and so are cabinets.
Storage is integral to our customers' mission critical Internet operations.
Storage is integral to our customers' mission-critical Internet operations.
Storage is integral to the solution of providing minimal downtime and maximal productivity.
Storage is just one facet of chemical bioaccumulation.
Storage is limited and is best used in the cabin for sitting, eating or laying down.
Storage is limited by size of office, less than one half of previous office.
Storage is limited only by hard disk size.
Storage is limited to boxed items only, and is available in limited quantities.
Storage is limited to five to nine items.
Storage is limited to the principal residence including attached garages.
Storage is limited.
Storage is located along the pipeline to ensure smooth continuous pipeline operation.
Storage is located in attics.
Storage is located in buildings.
Storage is located in lockers.
Storage is located in the basement.
Storage is located in warehouses.
Storage is made easier as the handles are retracted.
Storage is maintenance.
Storage is measured in MBs and GBs.
Storage is neat and organized, and the cookware takes up very little space.
Storage is necessary to supply peak demands.
Storage is non existent.
Storage is non-volatile.
Storage is obligatory.
Storage is often the hardware that users spend the most time managing.
Storage is often the leading cost in computer systems, but it is the data that is priceless.
Storage is one of the greatest problems when working with collections.
Storage is one of the hottest growth markets in the IT arena today.
Storage is organized to minimize risks of fire and spontaneous combustion.
Storage is our business, but people are the keys to our success.
Storage is out in the cloud.
Storage is paid for any delay in freeing the port areas.
Storage is pathetic up front.
Storage is physical events.
Storage is plentiful and easily accessible.
Storage is plentiful and the unusual hatch closurers for a kayak are just fine.
Storage is plentiful and well-integrated.
Storage is plentiful from the walk-in cedar closet to the attached garage.
Storage is plentiful.
Storage is pretty good.
Storage is provided for briefcases and other personal effects.
Storage is provided in Crane Prairie Reservoir.
Storage is provided under both seats.
Storage is quick and convenient, easy, neat and safe.
Storage is quick and efficient as the full-length battens control flogging.
Storage is really the largest difference in the models.
Storage is relatively cheap.
Storage is retention
Storage is retention.
Storage is same as PCs.
Storage is similar to the storage of any drug product.
Storage is simply a text string of any length, and can be used for any purpose.
Storage is the bedrock of a fast and capable PC system.
Storage is the database structure for the directory.
Storage is the key to everything electronic.
Storage is the latest candidate for external support, for a number of reasons.
Storage is the least of problems.
Storage is the retention of water by parts of the system.
Storage is the retention over time of encoded information.
Storage is the retention over time of encoded material.
Storage is the second hottest category.
Storage is to be separate from passed game meat.
Storage is under the deck and under the front seat.
Storage is variable depending on sample rate.
Storage is very good, with standard bins up front, and an average sized glove compartment.
Storage is very good.
Storage is very limited.
Storage is very, very important.
Storage isa holding.
Storage isa retention.
Storage means active intervention.
Storage Needs .
Storage now ranks as one of the fastest growing markets for the indirect channels.
Storage occurs at a series of points throughout the growing area.
Storage occurs because insulation prevents heat from escaping.
Storage occurs during time.
Storage occurs in the fatty tissues.
Storage occurs primarily in roots and stems, some in leaves.
Storage occurs under a variety of conditions, depending on the nature of the seed.
Storage offers mini-storage rentals on a monthly basis.
Storage provides benefits.
Storage reduces air flow and compromises hood capture efficiency.
Storage related to other types of space is designated by the type of room it serves.
Storage requires levels.
Storage requires percent moisture levels.
Storage requires space, and factory space costs money.
Storage returns on corn are very hard to capture.
Storage rot phase of the disease is due to fungus entrance through harvest wounds.
Storage Save the young thinnings of both summer and winter radishes.
Storage serves as a buffer supply that operators rely on to satisfy demands at peak.
Storage sheds and large back porch.
Storage sheds avail.
Storage sheds with root-cellar.
Storage sheds with space under the floor.
Storage sheds, even prefabricated ones, require a building permit.
Storage suggests where, how, and how long to store the commodity.
Storage tanks iv.
Storage thus requires a compact and easily transferred format.
Storage too is a critical issue.
Storage Use adjustable height storage space where possible.
Storage varies from a few megs to unlimited.
Storage wear only.
Storage Always keep tea tree oil in amber-coloured bottles and store in a cool dry place.
Storage Always take the bimini down for winter storage.
All storage is billed on a yearly basis.
All storage is byte addressable.
All storage is containerized and palletized, and furniture is shrink-wrapped.
All storage is secure and fully insured .
More storage is available under the seats.
More storage is featured in the tidy laundry room with attic access.
More storage needs to be added to the systems.
Most storage is held in containers outside, on school grounds.
Most storage occurs during time.
Most storage provides benefits.
Most storage requires levels.
Most storage requires percent moisture levels.
Most storage takes place in containers or tanks.
Some storage consists of surface water.
Some storage consists of water.
Some storage consuming applications like web archival have a fixed growth rate of data.
Some storage improves germination.
Some storage increases damage human health.
Some storage increases health.
Some storage increases human health.
Some storage increases security.
Some storage leads to deterioration.
Some storage prevents damage.
Some storages return strings to indicate units other than bytes.
A storax is natural resin
Storax is heavier than water.
Storax is produced by the trees as a pathological product in response to bark damage.
Store chain saws in a dry location, away from other tools.
Most store food is from Australia, but some is from the USA, and some is local.
Store hours do vary, so please check with the particular store becore coming out.
Some store hours are different.
Store locator Send a wish list.
Store manager have some leeway in adjusting hours.
Every store manager reports to one of the founder's sons.
Store of value refers to anything that is easily stored for later spending.
Store signs are in Cyrillic.
A store is an outlet
Store accounts for general merchandise.
Store acyclovir at room temperature away from moisture and heat.
Store aerosols away from children and pets.
Store backups off site for disaster recovery purposes.
Store bales off the ground or in an area around which the ants have been treated.
Store bases away from acids.
Store biscuits in air tight container to preserve moistness.
Store books up off the floor and away from possible water leaks.
Store cans indoors at night.
Store cassettes on edge, spine up.
Store cassettes upright, on one of their narrow edges.
Store clindamycin at room temperature away from moisture and heat.
Store clindamycin topical at room temperature away from moisture and heat.
Store clofibrate at room temperature away from moisture and heat.
Store clorazepate at room temperature away from moisture and heat.
Store containers away from heat sources and light.
Store copies away from home.
Store disks away.
Store disks vertically in a rigid container.
Store ether away from heat, sunlight, and any sources of ignition.
Store flammables either in safety cans or safety cabinets.
Store foods away from cleaners and poisons.
Store fuel away from the house in a well-ventilated location.
Store fuels away from the house in a safe storage area with no potential fire ignition sources.
Store goodies away from stove.
Store has two years left on lease.
Store herbicides separately from fungicides and insecticides.
Store herbicides separately from other pesticides to avoid contamination.
Store herbicides separately from other pesticides.
Store herbicides separately from pesticides.
Store hundreds home businesses of phone numbers for easy access on the go.
Store insecticides only in the original, labeled containers.
Store labels away from feat source and near the ceiling.
Store lactulose at room temperature away from moisture and heat.
Store ladders away from heat and moisture.
Store ladders either vertically or horizontally with supports at each end and in the middle.
Store leftovers no more than four to five days in the refrigerator.
Store liquids away from light.
Store lunches away from sunlight and the heat vent in the classroom.
Store lunches in a cool place-never leave lunches in the direct sun or on a near a radiator.
Store lunches in a refrigerator if one is available.
Store meats separately from vegetables, bread and drinks.
Store negatives away from the rest of the collection.
Store nematodes before use as directed.
Store offer batch import functions.
Store oils in a cool, dark location.
Store oils in a cool, dark place.
Store panels to avoid excessive moisture.
Store peroxides away from sources of light, heat, friction, and mechanical disturbance.
Store pesticides away from children.
Store pesticides away from children's reach, in a locked cabinet.
Store pesticides away from children's reach, in a locked utility cabinet or garden shed.
Store pesticides away from food, children, pets, and livestock.
Store pesticides away from heat or high moisture.
Store pesticides off the floor if they can be damaged by dampness.
Store pesticides out of children's reach in a locked cabinet or garden shed.
Store pesticides out of reach in a cool, dry place.
Store pesticides out of reach of children and pets.
Store pesticides out of reach of children.
Store pesticides out of the reach of children and animals and at a moderate temperature.
Store photographs away from heat.
Store photos away from light and placed in plastic or paper protective covers.
Store poisons away from food items.
Store reeds for long periods in a good open environment.
Store sails away from dampness and heat.
Store sails away from sunlight.
Store salsalate at room temperature away from moisture and heat.
Store silage at a proper moisture level to reduce seepage and optimize feed value.
Store slides separately from all negatives.
Store specimens in a dry container.
Store spermicides in a cool dark place.
Store spices away from heat and light.
Store spices away from the heat of a range or oven.
Store stavudine at room temperature away from moisture and heat.
Store stir against the head after feed hovercrafts.
Store stops while processing rule for client.
Store tablets away from heat, light, and moisture.
Store tapes away from any sources of magnetic fields.
Store tapes away from heat and direct sun light.
Store tinder in a closed container after drying well in a solar oven.
Store tracks sales and provides reporting on a daily basis.
Store wheelbarrows upside down.
Store wipe rags in closed containers.
Stores acorns in individually drilled holes in bark of trees.
Stores acquire much of their inventory by purchasing or trading with customers for used CDs.
Stores advertise clearance sales.
Stores also donate canned goods to local charities.
Stores also encrypts the credit card number when it is stored on disk.
Stores also feature a performance stage, recording studio, and sound booths.
Stores also have different security policies.
Stores also have weekly events such as storytime, and book clubs, as well as other special events.
Stores also keeps emergency items on hand that departments identify as crucial to their operations.
Stores also maintains a small inventory of teaching and research chemicals and other supplies.
Stores also offer repairs and installation of accessories.
Stores also use wristbands.
Stores are a different matter.
Stores are a zoo.
Stores are accumulation.
Stores are all over the country.
Stores are always open.
Stores are among the best looking and most technically sophisticated sites on the Web.
Stores are buildings.
Stores are business.
Stores are cleverly set-up and well merchandised.
Stores are closed and all business suspended.
Stores are closed and the pace of life slows down.
Stores are closed.
Stores are closing, layoffs are abundant and teachers are leaving.
Stores are different because they have a flat roof.
Stores are eager for good quality fish.
Stores are either modem or ancient.
Stores are empty.
Stores are free to create and cost nothing to maintain.
Stores are full of calendars, pins, pretty little books about celestial beings.
Stores are full of hunting and fishing equipment, clothes, gadgets and games.
Stores are full of hunting and fishing equipment, clothes, gadgets, and games.
Stores are full of strangers.
Stores are fully responsible for all aspects of their catalogues.
Stores are generally modern.
Stores are hard-pressed to find help, so they've gone from cutting meat to slicing meat.
Stores are indoor space.
Stores are interested in branded meat with specific requirements, rather than the government grades.
Stores are jammed and corporate earnings are surging.
Stores are jammed.
Stores are less busy during early weekday evenings.
Stores are less crowded early in the morning and late in the afternoon.
Stores are located in cities.
Stores are located in shopping malls.
Stores are located in streets.
Stores are located in town centres.
Stores are located in towns.
Stores are located near gas stations.
Stores are modern.
Stores are most likely the place consumers go to seek advice about natural remedies to illness.
Stores are narrow and deep, with doorways few paces apart.
Stores are of the standard, national chain variety.
Stores are open daily.
Stores are open late.
Stores are open only during the working day, making it nearly impossible for working women to shop.
Stores are open seven days a week.
Stores are open until midnight.
Stores are open, prices are unchanged, and people talk willingly to foreign reporters.
Stores are out of the question.
Stores are patrons of manufacturers.
Stores are public places.
Stores are restaurants.
Stores are retail outlets.
Stores are settings which inspire our sense of playfulness.
Stores are similar but first names different in news accounts.
Stores are spacious and inventory is organized by size and style.
Stores are storage.
Stores are suites.
Stores are the least crowded during the dinner hour and when they open in the morning.
Stores are the preferred vendor tool for an e-commerce site.
Stores are tiny.
Stores are used for purchases.
Stores are used for shopping.
Stores are usually quite accommodating.
Stores are very close.
Stores are well lighted and laid out in a simple, roomy fashion.
Stores are well merchandised.
Stores are well-stocked and merchants are anxious to provide the very best products and services.
Stores become suburban megawarehouses.
Stores begin to suffer.
Stores browse information from our program, which is used by several components of developer studio.
Stores Call No.
Stores call time, date of call, telephone number, and accumulated number of calls.
Stores can arrange delivery if requested.
Stores can arrange delivery, if requested.
Stores can change their policies whenever they like.
Stores can charge a company to remove a dud product or order a manufacturer to buy it back.
Stores can check signatures and photo identification from their customers.
Stores can eliminate the cost and time delays of installing additional phone lines.
Stores can lose standing for poor customer service.
Stores can make their own special promotions and announcements using pre-defined templates.
Stores can only make money when they can take money.
Stores can reduce their inventories by discovering exactly what their different customers want.
Stores can sell many more items than they have room to display or even stock.
Stores can update own web pages.
Stores carry a variety of coat and jacket styles.
Stores carry an array of small animals and fish.
Stores carry multiple example books from various companies, representing hundreds of styles.
Stores carry sports and outdoor apparel, footwear and equipment.
Stores catering largely to visitors are open every day, often with extended hours.
Stores catering to tourists are usually open every day often with extended hours.
Stores catering to tourists are usually open every day, often with extended hours.
Stores char in every element of the given string and returns an unspecified value.
Stores charge too much.
Stores clock information and system configuration.
Stores compensate by providing students with free food, sodas, tickets or keepsakes.
Stores compete on the basis of market share.
Stores complete child and guardian contact data.
Stores complete on stick.
Stores consists of bags of carrots and potatoes stashed behind sheets of building material.
Stores contact a third-party liquidator to sell of remaining merchandise.
Stores continue to make strides in check-out efficiency.
Stores devote entire aisles to cleaning products.
Stores digital bits temporarily and can be rapidly changed as required.
Stores dilute urine in bladder.
Stores do carry special cutting packages which are safe for children to use.
Stores does have on hand inventory of many items used by the campus.
Stores does provide delivery service for rental typewriters, dictaphones, and answering machines.
Stores drinks, pliers, lures, sunglasses etc.
Stores earn valuable marketing and merchandise tools to help grow their business.
Stores energy for later use.
Stores energy for use during a power outage.
Stores energy for use on demand.
Stores estimates for reference.
Stores examine Benefits near the soap down most ink.
Stores expect customers to try on clothing to be sure if fits right.
Stores extort everyone into spending as much money as possible.
Stores face the street front.
Stores fasten to several philosophy therefore repair nanotech.
Stores feature name-brand clothing, jewelry, housewares, and much more.
Stores fibroid treatments.
Stores fight the online onslaught.
Stores files in a secure repository maintained by an easy to use security system.
Stores files in so-called .SPC or .ZX format.
Stores fill in every element of vector.
Stores form teams and get to know each other through friendly but high-quality competition.
Stores generally offer product discounts as an incentive to use the card.
Stores generally stock very young, small fish, which keeps prices low.
Stores get full commissions for all online purchases they fill.
Stores get preferential search postings.
Stores get shipments all the time, so check each of the stores below for availability.
Stores give way to a stone wall overlooking a park.
Stores haul out the garland as soon as they mark down the 'candy kisses'.
Stores have a minimum staffing level, and managers are discouraged from falling below it.
Stores have an alphabetical index .
Stores have better merchandise and more choices.
Stores have design centers and offer installation services.
Stores have different policies and different machines .
Stores have different policies from one another.
Stores have evening hours, to meet the needs of the consumer.
Stores have expectations, too.
Stores have express lanes.
Stores have holiday sales, and schools have a winter recess.
Stores have holiday sales.
Stores have outside entrances with parking available.
Stores have overhead that includes land, building, large inventory, and a large amount of employees.
Stores have posters and videos showing the console.
Stores have sales from time to time.
Stores have separate privacy and data collection practices.
Stores have to advertise, paint is cheap, and so is the labor.
Stores have very strict policies about computers and computer accessories.
Stores have vibrant murals and music spun by in-house disc jockeys.
Stores here sell everything from bedding to bar stools at excellent prices.
Stores hire extra help for the holidays.
Stores hire security guards to prevent theft.
Stores homework for up to five classes in a customizeable format.
Stores info about previous work units.
Stores info securely and tracks changes including database driven updates.
Stores info well.
Stores interfaces on holding, reserving, ordering and repairing equipment.
Stores invest heavily in creating eye appeal.
Stores invest in glitz and sparkle.
Stores is our third party statistics provider.
Stores is the largest department store company in the nation.
Stores just buy the food that is grown on farms.
Stores keep regular customer's resale numbers on file.
Stores leads and tools with built-in lead compartment.
Stores light sensitive screens.
Stores line both sides of the street for several blocks.
Stores line the streets Great signs hang on buildings.
Stores list .
Stores list of menu items.
Stores list of sub-menus.
Stores list of websites into project files.
Stores listed in the mall reach a very targeted audience interested in a specific country.
Stores live and die buy the choices that the consumer makes.
Stores located in windy areas can benefit from a vestibule as well.
Stores located near schools are more likely to be supportive if the principal asks.
Stores located within the facilities sell sports equipment, clothing, and sundries.
Stores log on through secure passwords.
Stores login and passwords for web sites and programs.
Stores maintain a bulletin board devoted to diversity.
Stores make a profit by buying an item at one price then reselling it at another, higher price.
Stores map that is a map of the mall.
Stores map to learn about actions.
Stores mark down items after the holidays.
Stores messages much like a mailbox.
Stores miraculously open over lunch time, and on Sundays.
Stores move Benefits down the soap in most ink.
Stores normally dedicate only so much space for a particular item.
Stores normally ensure offenders are arrested and prosecuted.
Stores notes on any item.
Stores notifies the supplier of the suffix.
Stores now get fresh milk daily instead of three times a week.
Stores now reopen on the second or third day of the New Year.
Stores observe all public holidays.
Stores offer funky, casual or elegant clothes for all ages and genders.
Stores offer hands-on activities, themed settings and discount prices.
Stores offer many advantages.
Stores offer special promotions and discount prices all year long.
Stores offering a combination of low prices and fun are now among the hottest shopping destinations.
Stores offers free rush delivery service for orders that are desperately needed.
Stores open all the time.
Stores open for holiday shopping.
Stores open in a new window.
Stores open round the clock.
Stores operands that are constant values.
Stores operate in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Italy, France, Denmark, and Japan.
Stores parameters for up to ten forms.
Stores pay period info in a database within the calculator.
Stores pitch in inches and degrees.
Stores prepare Glory at some month at an captain.
Stores project definite class images.
Stores provide a mixed picture.
Stores provide our customers the highest level of secure online ordering.
Stores radioisotope information including name, half-life and activity units.
Stores receive a minimum three deliveries each week.
Stores recipies and calculates shopping requirements.
Stores remain cleaner, and sales associates are able to focus more of their attention on customers.
Stores remain closed all day and Iranian TV broadcasts religious education programs.
Stores remain empty.
Stores remain open at the request of the pertinacious tycoon.
Stores report a run on throat lozenges, and people seemed to be coughing everywhere.
Stores reports, policy and discussion documents and early research results of all kinds.
Stores require about a week's notice.
Stores respirator properly to prevent damage and inspects prior to each use.
Stores results in recordgroups.
Stores resumes online.
Stores retain and evaluate performance data on a central database.
Stores scott usa.
Stores scramble key codes in nonvolatile memory.
Stores see more nature lovers wanting to relax in style.
Stores seem to be tight lipped about their suppliers.
Stores seem to run out of batteries first.
Stores sell a number of plastic breeding boxes for guppies.
Stores sell batteries by size and cold-cranking power.
Stores sell blouses, people buy outfits.
Stores sell exotic Chinese preserves like lemon ginger, cuttlefish, ginseng, and whole mango.
Stores sell food and souvenirs.
Stores sell many types of feeders and nesting boxes, and some are much more useful than others.
Stores sell more than a dozen different systems of varying power.
Stores sell silk, teapots, porcelain, jewelry, fans and carvings in wood, stone and jade.
Stores sell sodas and foods enjoyed in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Stores sell timers that can be set to turn lights on and off.
Stores server, and all online transactions at Roses.
Stores simply move up the season and it puts people in the mood a little quicker.
Stores specializing in music originating in a specific area of the world have their home here.
Stores specimens in numerical order for further review.
Stores spend big bucks advertising their phone number.
Stores splits in a separate area and can work with split-adjusted or unadjusted data.
Stores stay open late in the summer.
Stores stay open.
Stores still have to carry it, but the volume is down and margins are down.
Stores stock only the locally produced goat and sheep cheeses.
Stores suffer greatly because of it.
Stores supply all the materials, then glaze and fire the pieces.
Stores tear down many list once drink picture of duck.
Stores tend to be on the lower-end of retail, and there are a few fast food joints.
Stores tend to quietly and anonymously go about their business.
Stores tile setting materials, machines, tools, and equipment.
Stores tinydns data in a database, and uses it to generate the tinydns data file.
Stores todays money value.
Stores train inexperienced customers on care, including how to hand-feed chicks.
Stores try to carry the most popular items that appeal to most of their customers.
Stores update once daily, usually in the middle of the night.
Stores uses a different numbering system.
Stores wind up ordering it from North Carolina.
Stores work hard to make shopping a complete sensory experience.
Stores work well with text reader for Internet pages.
Stores often change their stock and discontinue items.
Stores often have conveyor belts at the check-out counter to move shopping items.
Stores often have magazine racks and candy displays along the aisles, for instance.
Stores often have special holiday displays, sales and activities.
Stores often prefer throwing in or discounting extras rather than reducing the item's price.
Stores often stay open on weekends, evenings, and holidays to serve customers.
Stores usually provide some sort of background music for shoppers to hum to while browsing.
Stores usually remain open every day, including public holidays.
Stores usually stock based on consumer demand.
All stores usually have the same prices on consumer models.
All stores accept major national credit cards, as well as offering the Delayed Payment Plan.
ALL stores accept their grocery certificate like cash.
All stores are accessible to Guests using wheelchairs.
All stores are company owned and operated.
All stores are in excellent condition and located in rapidly growing cities.
All stores are independent.
All stores are independently owned and operated.
All stores are local, small businesses.
All stores are open during regular business hours unless otherwise noted.
All stores are open every day of the week including Sundays and holidays.
All stores are safe and secure.
All stores cross link with each other to help drive traffic.
All stores have a very contemporary look and offers an extremely pleasurable shopping ambience.
All stores have great locations.
All stores have pharmacies.
All stores have sales on clothing at different times of the year.
All stores have showrooms to display their wares.
All stores have two or more motorized shopping carts.
All stores have water access for checking out boats.
All stores issue cash back.
All stores linked also appear in our sponsors index.
All stores offer complimentary gift wrap.
All stores offer secure online credit card transactions.
All Stores Open Mon.-Fri.
All stores receive the latest technology and equipment.
All stores serve both retail and commercial customers.
All stores ship internationally .
All stores ship internationally -remember to refresh .
All stores ship internationally.
All stores show the same programming simultaneously as part of a single-line satellite feed.
All stores use equipment certified by appropriate government authorities.
Any store can get Mint Snuff in through their tobacco distributor.
Every store donates a generous portion of the sale to our children's fund.
Every store doubles as an apartment.
Every store enables customers to search or browse for products.
Every store has a bargain now and then.
Every store has an image.
Every store has best selling products at certain times of the year.
Every store has different distribution.
Every store has it's own order form, accessible from each page.
Every store has the same stuff kept in the same place, for roughly the same price.
Every store has their own policy.
Every store is a store for big and tall men.
Every store is different.
Every store is established in front of a station on first class land.
Every store is renovated, on average, at least once every five years.
Every store looks great and attracts shoppers.
Every store needs a directory.
Every store needs store-building software.
Many store descend lightly, that some behaviour on an bed wish.
Many stores already know how to get produce right.
Many stores already offer services such as dry cleaning, banking, cooking classes and baby-sitting.
Many stores also feature coupons for first-time as well as returning customers.
Many stores also feature local handicrafts.
Many stores also feature terrace seating outside.
Many stores also have in store lifts.
Many stores also offer free customer parking.
Many stores also offer free parking.
Many stores also offer guide services.
Many stores also offer small vases which hold a single bulb over a small reservoir of water.
Many stores also sell cinnamon oil and cinnamon tinctures.
Many stores are already light with it.
Many stores are also happy to accommodate customers needs through special orders.
Many stores are also now on the web or are strictly online stores.
Many stores are dirty.
Many stores are open throughout the year.
Many stores begin their year-end sales during the holiday season.
Many stores believe that they can hike up their prices to accompany their good service.
Many stores carry magnetic board games such as checkers that are just right for travel.
Many stores carry their own effective brands at a lower cost.
Many stores compete with each other to have the lowest prices.
Many stores cut prices to promote sales.
Many stores exclude custom or specially ordered items from their general return policy.
Many stores feature book-related events which amount to evening socials.
Many stores go bankrupt.
Many stores have a space on their sales receipt to identify the layaway merchandise.
Many stores have comfortable rooms where mothers can nurse their babies.
Many stores have diet sodas stacked outside of the cooler in direct sunlight.
Many stores have it in both places.
Many stores have kits where all of the pieces and materials are included.
Many stores have long waiting lists for delivery.
Many stores have low-priced specials before and during the holiday season.
Many stores have oneway windows to watch for shoplifters.
Many stores have order tracking capability directly on their site.
Many stores have places for their horses to be tied-up.
Many stores have policies on return or exchange items.
Many stores have sales for the same merchandise at different times.
Many stores have some text on the front page explaining what the site is about.
Many stores have strict or no return policies.
Many stores have strict or no-return policies.
Many stores have the policy to match their competitor's prices.
Many stores keep a file of school supply lists.
Many stores keep a list or bulletin board of gamers looking for new gamers.
Many stores keep cigarettes behind the counter, away from the grasp of children.
Many stores limit returns to two to four weeks after the holidays.
Many stores limit their management positions to employees who have completed a four-year degree.
Many stores limit their management positions to employees who havecompleted a four-year degree.
Many stores list the unit price with the product price on the display shelf.
Many stores look no better than a disheveled warehouses.
Many stores now carry all the ingredients for making sushi as well as wasabi and pickled ginger.
Many stores now carry an assortment of such items.
Many stores now carry corner shelves that can be installed in a snap.
Many stores now carry environmentally friendly products, and they can also be found in catalogs.
Many stores now carry thigh high nylons.
Many stores now display signs explaining their price accuracy policy to consumers.
Many stores now have escalators going from floor to floor.
Many stores now have so-called digital sets on display, but the terminology can be confusing.
Many stores now run wedding list services .
Many stores now sell pre-made vegetable trays.
Many stores offer financing.
Many stores offer free advice.
Many stores offer kayak rentals and lessons.
Many stores offer olive antipasto bars as well as fresh pasta and Italian sauces.
Many stores offer online coupons that can be printed out for in-store use.
Many stores offer payment plans with no interest for three months to one year on approved credit.
Many stores offer products cheaper at certain times of the year.
Many stores offer skates for rent.
Many stores offer specific discounts for seniors, some on specific days, some all the time.
Many stores only sell the tube assembly only.
Many stores open early so consumers can have more time to spend money, which they do.
Many stores open nationwide.
Many stores operate on a reward basis for outstanding customer service.
Many stores provide baby changing facilities and a play area.
Many stores provide baskets or carts to hold the items the shopper wants.
Many stores provide registry services, which take the guesswork out of gift-buying.
Many stores rent the land and buildings.
Many stores require bar coding on the packaged products they sell.
Many stores rotate their older stock by putting newer stock in back.
Many stores sell a mixture of mass consumer products as well as luxurious foreign brands.
Many stores sell African violet soil mixes.
Many stores sell astragalus supplements, which are available in capsules or powders.
Many stores sell embroidered items, antique paintings and traditional folk crafts.
Many stores sell flexible, water-proof shoe covers for gardening.
Many stores sell it at discount prices.
Many stores sell tents.
Many stores sell test kits for measuring radon levels.
Many stores sell the same merchandise, from the same manufacturers, but a vastly different prices.
Many stores sell their end of season stock at drastically reduced prices.
Many stores sell woolen items of all kinds.
Many stores sponsor special events, book signings and screenings.
Many stores stamp the lower reverse side of a check and write in the appropriate information.
Many stores stay open late.
Many stores stay open until midnight.
Many stores still call in orders.
Many stores stock only one or two titles.
Many stores stock the sugary items at eye level for adults and for kids.
Many stores take clothing in season and ask that they come in on hangers.
Many stores use electronic scanners to determine prices at the check out counter.
Many stores use electronic scanners to determine prices at the check-out counter.
Many stores use electronic scanners to figure the price at the checkout counter.
Many stores use electronic scanners to figure the price at the check-out counter.
Many stores welcome dogs inside, and just about everybody walking by stopped to greet our dogs.
More stores are in the works in Austin, in Fort Worth, two in Arizona and one in Chicago.
More stores mean more opportunity to purchase online and more competition to drive down prices.
More stores mean more shoppers.
Most store have a line of metal rods and tubes of various lengths.
Most stores accept email for quotes or call.
Most stores accept items for recycling or resale.
Most stores accept major credit cards and traveler's checks.
Most stores accepts major credit cards, generally with a minimum purchase limit.
Most stores also have carryout and some offer catering.
Most stores also sell fo ti tablets and capsules.
Most stores also sell magazines, newspapers, DVDs, graphic novels, gifts, games, and music.
Most stores also take checks.
Most stores are closed although some drugstores stay open.
Most stores are closed on Sundays.
Most stores are closed.
Most stores are company-owned but a few are franchises.
Most stores are generally open seven days a week.
Most stores are in far worse financial shape than their customers.
Most stores are in suburban shopping centers in the Tokyo area.
Most stores are in the centres of urban areas or close to public dwellings.
Most stores are in the Nagoya and Osaka areas.
Most stores are in the Osaka area, but there are also stores in the Tokyo and Nagoya regions.
Most stores are in the Tokyo and Osaka areas.
Most stores are in the Tokyo area, primarily large-scale stores along major suburban highways.
Most stores are in the Tokyo area.
Most stores are in urban areas.
Most stores are indifferent.
Most stores are monopolistically competitive.
Most stores are open and serve free hot cider and cookies.
Most stores are open daily and accept credit cards, but call ahead to be sure.
Most stores are open daily.
Most stores are open five or six days a week, drawing the most crowds on weekends.
Most stores are open seven days.
Most stores are open six days a week, and some are open on Sundays.
Most stores are open.
Most stores are reasonably lenient about returns and exchanges of items received as gifts.
Most stores are still open and very few people have it as a holiday.
Most stores are well-lit.
Most stores can accept clothes,bric a brac and furniture.
Most stores carry a hand-full of birds.
Most stores carry a nasal aspirator with a removable tip for the nose.
Most stores carry a variety including traditional banker 's lampshades and Victorian tulip shades.
Most stores carry both ground chicken and turkey in different qualities.
Most stores carry everything from bed linens to the actual bed, and most have delivery options.
Most stores carry individual servings of everything from peanut butter and jelly to carrots.
Most stores carry many brands of laundry products.
Most stores carry only one brand.
Most stores carry several qualities of ground beef, with varying percentages of fat by weight.
Most stores close early in the afternoon.
Most stores consider truck care and operation integral parts of their image effort too.
Most stores do custom.
Most stores do offer some precooked cuts in their fresh-meat counter.
Most stores everywhere take two hour lunches.
Most stores focus on a very small area of collectibles.
Most stores get their rats from some breeder anyway.
Most stores get their sites up and running within one week.
Most stores have a bulletin board where they post recall notices on toys and other baby products.
Most stores have a herbologist to answer questions.
Most stores have a policy of call the bank over a certain amount.
Most stores have a predictable sale cycle.
Most stores have a resident expert on backpacks, who usually knows how to fit internal frames.
Most stores have a small fee for inflating and it is normally under a buck to fill.
Most stores have acceptable pricing accuracy.
Most stores have at least a spinner with cards.
Most stores have graphic designers, and staff is well-trained.
Most stores have graphic designers, and their staff is well-trained.
Most stores have mini-sales on particular items throughout the ski season.
Most stores have nappy-changing and disabled facilities.
Most stores have one large cabinet.
Most stores have opportunities for cashiers, sales floor and stock team members.
Most stores have selections of imported or foreign foods.
Most stores have surveillance systems, and call for the police immediately.
Most stores have whole areas devoted to digital TV sets.
Most stores have winter and summer sales, although the post-Christmas sales are the best.
Most stores honor the plan.
Most stores like to deal with credit cards only.
Most stores model themselves on the home, the office, or the art gallery.
Most stores now contain full-service delis, scratch bakeries and complete floral departments.
Most stores now have special prices on winter running gear.
Most stores now have special sections in the front of the store which highlight bestselling books.
Most stores now have updated scanners for checkout, but it still takes time.
Most stores now sell commercial sourdough starter with instructions.
Most stores offer assistance if requested for visually impaired shoppers.
Most stores offer convenient delivery arrangements.
Most stores offer gift certificates of varying denominations.
Most stores only carry what is popular and sells well.
Most stores only honor their own credit card.
Most stores plan soft openings up to two weeks before the grand openings.
Most stores prefer to have our workers begin before the store opens for business.
Most stores provide mail order anywhere in the world.
Most stores recognize that convenient delivery is good business.
Most stores require a legal form of identification.
Most stores sell cheap hollow bracelets of poor construction and inferior quality cut diamonds.
Most stores sell containers that are sufficient.
Most stores sell gerbil pellets or mixes of pellets and seeds.
Most stores sell groceries and other daily necessities.
Most stores sell it for full list price because it's so cheap.
Most stores sell products such as delft blue, cheese, candy, and books.
Most stores sell reduced-lactose milk.
Most stores sell soy milk or rice milk that can hold their own next to cow milk.
Most stores tend to advertise at comic book conventions and comic book related events.
Most stores there are small and specialized, selling shoes or fruit or pastries.
Most stores wait.
Some stores accept certificates as payment on store charge cards.
Some stores add extras to the manufacturer's warranty.
Some stores advertise specials on items that are out of stock.
Some stores also carry gently used nursery furniture and maternity clothes .
Some stores also carry packages of card stock in different colors.
Some stores also carry the recordings.
Some stores also feature travel agencies, vision centers, hair salons, and restaurants.
Some stores also have chat opportunities, author forums, and other special features.
Some stores also have electronic bingo games.
Some stores also have legal forms for purchase.
Some stores also offer classes in using the computer.
Some stores also offer contests, free long-distance service and other rewards to shoppers.
Some stores also provide the approximate shipping cost and number of units currently in stock.
Some stores also sell it in bulk containers.
Some stores also sell petite sizes and shoes.
Some stores are a family operation.
Some stores are available as well as some Internet service.
Some stores are closed for siesta around mid-day.
Some stores are in high-risk locations.
Some stores are less flexible than others.
Some stores are only mail order, but some sell in a store and do mail order.
Some stores are open on Sundays.
Some stores are open.
Some stores are opening at midnight tonight, so call ahead.
Some stores are starting to get in their late shipments, however the quanity is very low.
Some stores are very famous for variety of books they offer.
Some stores blame their suppliers for the condition of their animals.
Some stores buy through distributors.
Some stores call back a day or two later asking for more.
Some stores can draw on warehouses of tuxedos if local supplies run short.
Some stores cancel, delay clinics.
Some stores carry alphabet macaroni and cereal, too.
Some stores carry representative copies of titles in inventory.
Some stores charge a trading fee.
Some stores deliver free.
Some stores demand at least two pieces of identification.
Some stores do better than others.
Some stores even alert people to that fact as they enter the store.
Some stores even carry edible glitter.
Some stores even have the sticky stuff, sold to stick papers onto refrigerator doors.
Some stores even have their own off-road training course in the back lot.
Some stores even offer an assortment of panels from local studios, or their portfolios to browse.
Some stores even sell lingerie made from soft, silk-like hemp fibers.
Some stores follow a one-price policy.
Some stores follow the policy that sales are final.
Some stores give bag refunds.
Some stores have a more detailed listing of fabrics than others.
Some stores have catalogs of their own.
Some stores have displays with pre-selected borders.
Some stores have free bulletin boards or other types of ads.
Some stores have individual web pages.
Some stores have multiple levels.
Some stores have prices marked in both measurement systems, and others use just one system.
Some stores have pricing accuracy problems.
Some stores have sound systems that play music continuously throughout the day.
Some stores have special sections for extra large clothing, maternity and the like.
Some stores have stuff to buy , while others have stories to tell and people to meet.
Some stores have such policies on request.
Some stores have turrets, bow windows and other Victorian influences.
Some stores have very slow turnover of bunny pellets and the food can sit too long on the shelves.
Some stores hike up their prices just before, some offer previous years' stocks etc, etc.
Some stores keep balloons, lollipops and popcorn on hand just for their customer's children.
Some stores like to take Polaroids of shoplifters they bust.
Some stores make house calls for furniture or other large items.
Some stores make their wares available online for shoppers.
Some stores offer autographed or custom-autographed versions.
Some stores offer consumers a choice as to the amount of fat in their ground beef.
Some stores offer discounts for people who use their own bags.
Some stores offer discounts on goods like parkas and fleeces.
Some stores offer double or triple the manufacturer's value.
Some stores offer e-mail delivery.
Some stores offer free read on line books.
Some stores offer free shipping.
Some stores offer high discounts.
Some stores offer incentives for the sales staff.
Some stores offer low cash prices but charge high credit interest rates.
Some stores offer no-interest financing but inflate the selling price to make up the difference.
Some stores offer textured painting kits, complete with special brushes and sponges.
Some stores only let employees buy clothes after all customers have had a shot at it.
Some stores only provide a credit for returned merchandise.
Some stores order several displays, each holding one flavor.
Some stores pay cash for games, but pay less than trade credit.
Some stores plan to offer sizable discounts to get rid of excess inventory.
Some stores prefer to buy stock outright.
Some stores print their policies right on their cash register receipts.
Some stores provide dressing rooms.
Some stores put turnstiles at entrances so the only way out is to pass the checkout counter.
Some stores put turnstiles at entrances so the only way to get out is through the checkout counter.
Some stores put turnstiles at entrances to the only way to get out is through the checkout counter.
Some stores require logins and registration to view.
Some stores sell all three.
Some stores sell baicilin extracts, which are either injected or swallowed.
Some stores sell beautiful, inexpensive beads made from appleseed, corn, and other natural objects.
Some stores sell instructional videos.
Some stores sell iodine tablets that kill bacteria.
Some stores sell long-life milk and cheese, all of which are considered safe.
Some stores sell stationery.
Some stores sell that information to other marketers.
Some stores sell the one available effective bactericide in quantities homeowners can use.
Some stores sell tobacco products adjacent to candy displays.
Some stores sell vitamin and mineral supplements to promote healthy shells and skin.
Some stores ship only by ground or via the mail.
Some stores specialize in funk.
Some stores specialize in new guitars, others in used ones.
Some stores specialize in refurbishing used equipment, or inspecting it and replacing worn parts.
Some stores stock new sandwiches daily.
Some stores take used products like automobile batteries or motor oil for recycling.
Some stores trade three books for one book.
Some stores try to pass off poly scarves as georgette.
Some stores unhesitatingly give refunds, credits, exchanges, or return deposits.
Some stores use in-store demonstrations to reach both parent and child.
Stored batteries create a potential risk of fire.
Stored batteries require periodic charging even when they are unused.
Stored cryogens are short-lived and often severely limit the mission lifetime.
Stored energy can be as high as a kiloJoule, with power in the gigawatt range.
Stored energy is called potential energy.
Stored energy is decreased in some chemical reactions and increased in others.
Stored energy is passed to consumers when they eat producers or other consumers.
Stored energy is released in the form of light and X-rays as the magnetic reconnection occurs.
Stored energy is released, released energy eventually exhausts movement.
Stored energy produces spark for instant light.
Stored fertilizers can pose a danger to firefighters and to the environment.
Stored foods are likely to have a low vitamin content.
Stored images are self-documenting.
Stored information gets stale fast.
Stored information includes electric load data, weather data, and electric and gas price data.
Stored information involves problems of a different nature.
Stored information is encrypted, and all access to program settings is password protected.
Any stored information is protected inside an encrypted database.
Stored items are visible and easily accessible.
Stored material is sorted by size, placed in acid-free trays by size, and barcoded for retrieval.
Stored pollen is a marvelous medium for growth of fungi and bacteria.
Stored procedures allow statistical and denormalization routines to run unattended at night.
Stored procedures are an important addition to multidimensional databases.
Stored procedures are captured as metadata objects.
Stored procedures are efficient for many reasons.
Stored procedures are fantastic for maintaining data integrity.
Stored procedures are like caches for database requests.
Stored Procedures are modules and so on.
Stored procedures are precompiled.
Stored procedures are procedures.
Stored procedures are programs run on the server.
Stored procedures are routines that are stored in the database.
Stored procedures are secure and performance efficient.
Stored procedures are short programs that reside on the server, waiting to be executed.
Stored procedures are small programs stored in the database.
Stored procedures are the way to create routines and procedures that Are run on the server.
Stored procedures can accept parameters as input and return values as output.
Stored procedures can execute other stored procedures.
Stored procedures enhance DBMS performance.
Stored procedures execute by simply passing an execute command to the database.
Stored procedures have other benefits besides efficiency, though.
Stored procedures move application code off of a client workstation and on to the database server.
Stored relations have persistence and are listed in the database catalog.
Stored searches are re-run periodically.
Stored seed can take years to germinate.
Stored solutions enable help desk staff to research case information and to respond quickly.
Stored tickets are searchable by category and keyword.
Stored tissue is linked to basic demographic, clinical follow-up and treatment information.
Stored vaccines are much more accessible than they are in chest models.
Stored value is more convenient and safer than cash.
Stored values are unique across the search range.
Stored vehicles come out clean and rust free.
Stored viruses can remain viable for years.
Stored water can contribute to mold and bacterial growth.
Stored water is released to generate electricity.
Stored water takes up a lot of space.
Stored wheat becomes bad because the fat in the germ turns rancid.
Stored woolens are particularly vulnerable to infestations.
Storefront churches have several elements in common.
Storefront glass is to be clear to a minimum height of seven feet, zero inches.
Storefront lighting is important to promoting a sense of safety and interest and activity at night.
Storefront signs bear large Chinese writing beneath much smaller Tibetan inscriptions.
Storefront studios seem to be springing up all over the place.
A storefront is a front
Storefront also avail.
Storefront sign readable.
StoreFronts are complete online stores that give their owners total control.
Storefronts are kind of like clothing.
Storefronts are now a piece of cake.
Storefronts are now Net fronts.
Storefronts are personalised microsites within AccountingWEB.co.uk.
Storefronts are still vacant and boarded.
Storefronts are tasteful and harmonious.
Storefronts are the central marketplace for calibration products and services.
Storefronts become electronic.
Storefronts can be more cumbersome than virtual stores.
Storefronts can decorate their areas and everyone can give out candy.
Storefronts come complete with electronic shopping carts and check out services.
Storefronts compete for the hugest banana stalk displays.
Storefronts grace the street level.
Storefronts here become Buddhist temples.
Storefronts hug the curb, giving the district a close, friendly feel.
Storefronts increase credibility by offering a selection of products in a single setting.
Storefronts line a promenade lit from above by skylights.
Storefronts peddling the rich, creamy treats are busy even in cold winter months.
Storefronts run on any server right after uploading.
Storefronts sit vacant.
All storefronts come with a counter to track visitors.
Every storefront is occupied.
Many storefronts are empty, decorated with dusty signs saying they're available for lease.
Most storefronts tend to try to put everything on one page, making for a confusing entrance.
Some storefronts remain vacant, leaving streets looking lifeless and abandoned.
A storekeeper is a merchant
Storekeeper also provides e-Businesses with website reporting capabilities.
Storekeeper maintains the database with an intuitive browser-based dynamic content editor.
Storekeepers can stock perishable foods and new opportunities are created for small business.
A storeroom is a room
Storeroom has well lighted exit, no blind alleys, and is properly ventilated.
A storey is a structure
Storey isa structure.
Storeys have (part) bases.
Storeys have (part) sections.
Storeys puts a copy of the formula from the source cell into the other selected cells.
Some storeys are part of abbeys.
Some storeys are part of architecture.
Some storeys are part of buildings.
Some storeys are part of cafes.
Some storeys are part of cathedrals.
Some storeys are part of churches.
Some storeys are part of coops.
Some storeys are part of garages.
Some storeys are part of greenhouses.
Some storeys are part of hospitals.
Some storeys are part of hotels.
Some storeys are part of inns.
Some storeys are part of kennels.
Some storeys are part of mosques.
Some storeys are part of observatories.
Some storeys are part of playgrounds.
Some storeys are part of pubs.
Some storeys are part of restaurants.
Some storeys are part of rinks.
Some storeys are part of skyscrapers.
Some storeys are part of stables.
Some storeys are part of temples.
Some storeys are part of theaters.
Some storeys are part of theatres.
Storing gas can be extremely hazardous.
Storings are physical events.
Storings are positioning.
Storings are translations.
Stork bites are benign and generally disappear without any treatment.
Stork bites are marks on the back of the neck.
A stork is a wader
Stork is long sized bird which can belong to ciconiidae.
Stork isa bird.
Stork marked birds are basically white with colored tail, flights, bib, and head.
Stork now carries several name brand products.
Stork now holds a team-high record for falls on the season at eight.
Storks are also beautiful in flight.
Storks are among the gentlest of birds, known for taking great care of their young.
Storks are animals.
Storks are birds.
Storks are carnivores and hunt for food in wetlands, along bodies of water, and in grassy plains.
Storks are diverse and unique, and they are dependent on marshlands for their survival.
Storks are indeed a wonderful thing.
Storks are large birds that rely heavily on energy efficient soaring flight during migration.
Storks are large wading birds that live near swamps, marshes, lakes, and rivers.
Storks are large, heavy birds that have a hard time staying in the air over large bodies of water.
Storks are symbols of good luck.
Storks are two sized such as largest stork and smallest stork.
Storks begin moving into the vicinity of the colony several weeks before nesting begins.
Storks bring babies.
Storks bring 'em.
Storks can glide for a long time on warm wind currents.
Storks capture prey.
Storks consume a diet of fish, frogs, snakes and baby alligators.
Storks consume animal prey.
Storks consume prey.
Storks deliver babies.
Storks differ from other birds in that they have no muscles in their voice boxes.
Storks eat fish.
Storks eat small fish.
Storks feed on fish.
Storks fly with outstretched neck and head.
Storks fly with their necks stretched out.
Storks glide on thermals, soaring to high altitudes.
Storks has-part wings.
Storks have (part) air sacs.
Storks have (part) bird's feet.
Storks have (part) brains.
Storks have (part) breasts.
Storks have (part) cell membranes.
Storks have (part) cells.
Storks have (part) chest cavities.
Storks have (part) chests.
Storks have (part) corpi.
Storks have (part) cytoplasm.
Storks have (part) ears.
Storks have (part) faces.
Storks have (part) flight feathers.
Storks have (part) heads.
Storks have (part) lips.
Storks have (part) mouths.
Storks have (part) nuclei.
Storks have (part) plasma membranes.
Storks have (part) quill feathers.
Storks have (part) rib cages.
Storks have (part) second joints.
Storks have (part) sections.
Storks have (part) skulls.
Storks have (part) sterna.
Storks have (part) talons.
Storks have (part) vacuoles.
Storks have (part) wishbones.
Storks have a pantropical to warm temperate distribution.
Storks have carnivorous diets.
Storks have diets.
Storks have eat habits.
Storks have habits.
Storks have legs.
Storks have powerful wings and a wide wingspan.
Storks have strong, long, and broad wings as adaptations for long distance flying.
Storks have techniques.
Storks have unusual eat habits.
Storks have unusual habits.
Storks lack a pharynx and are mute.
Storks make noise.
Storks mean longevity.
Storks nest nearby and a little stream crosses the garden.
Storks occur mainly in Africa, Asia, and Europe.
Storks possess ribs.
Storks prefer food.
Storks spread wings.
Storks tend to use soaring, gliding flight, which conserves energy.
Storks use beaks.
Storks Use stork signs to point the way to the shower.
Storks use their long sharp beaks to catch fish and frogs.
Storks often use soaring and gliding flight to conserve their energy while flying long distances.
Storks usually associate and breed in colonies, often on rooftops or chimneys of human buildings.
All storks adhere to serial monogamy.
All Storks have a spot marking on the head.
Most storks are found in flocks except during the breeding season, when they pair off.
Most storks capture prey.
Most storks eat fish.
Most storks eat frogs, fish, insects, earthworms, and small birds or mammals.
Most storks eat small fish.
Most storks feed on fish.
Most storks has-part wings.
Most storks have carnivorous diets.
Most storks have diets.
Most storks have habits.
Most storks have legs.
Most storks have techniques.
Most storks have unusual eat habits.
Most storks have unusual habits.
Most storks make noise.
Most storks possess ribs.
Most storks prefer food.
Most storks spread wings.
Most storks use beaks.
Some stork supposedly comes flying in, carrying a baby, and delivers it to the new parents.
Some storks are migratory.
Some storks have presence.
Some storks have ranges.
Some storks possess eggs.
Some storks shake wings.
Storm cells are meteorologically significant because they represent discrete updrafts.
Some storm centers are part of blizzards.
Some storm centers are part of dusters.
Some storm centers are part of hurricanes.
Some storm centers are part of rainstorm.
Some storm centers are part of snowstorms.
Some storm centers are part of storms.
Some storm centers are part of thunderstorms.
Some storm centers are part of tornado.
Some storm centers are part of twister.
Some storm centers are part of windstorm.
Storm chase reports with text and images.
Storm chasers are no different.
Storm chasers are roller coasters.
Storm chasers get the best shots or nothing at all.
Storm chasers participate by uploading photos, writing chase logs, and calendars.
Storm chasers race around the countryside snapping at the heels of tornado-spawning storm fronts.
Storm chasers roam around the country in search of atmospheric violence.
Storm chasers roam around the countryside in search of atmospheric violence.
Storm chasers ski during the winter.
Many storm chasers take photos of hail as well as of tornadoes and many sell photos.
A storm cloud is a cloud
Storm clouds appear in the afternoon.
Storm clouds are clouds.
Storm clouds are on our economic horizon .
Storm clouds are on our economic horizon.
Storm clouds are on the horizon.
Storm clouds are overhead.
Storm clouds begin to form.
Storm clouds build as hikers head down.
Storm clouds can build up electrical charges as water and ice droplets tumble about inside.
Storm clouds cling to the mountaintops following a winter storm in the Dragoons.
Storm clouds continue to hover menacingly over the Middle Eastern sky.
Storm clouds erupt against a sky of blue.
Storm clouds gather at the horizon.
Storm clouds gather in the east.
Storm clouds gather over Lower Twin Lake .
Storm clouds gather over the Pink Cliffs.
Storm clouds hang menacingly above the towers.
Storm clouds pass as quickly as they appear and the judge jovially wishes all a good weekend.
Storm clouds race across an indifferent horizon.
Storm clouds start rolling in.
Storm clouds swag in the sky.
Storm clouds vanish quickly, Becoming beauty to the eye.
Storm clouds vault menacingly from distant mountains.
Every storm cloud has a silver lining.
Some storm clouds become charge.
Some storm clouds become positive charge.
Storm damage can affect main power lines, individual circuits or both.
Storm damage can be very costly.
Storm damage comes in many forms.
Storm damage creates high risk situations for both workers and property.
Storm damage is the likely reason for the loses to date.
Storm damage is the likely reason for the most loss to date.
Storm Damage Reports Indicates a recent product.
A storm door is a door
Storm doors are doors.
Storm doors feature a removable tempered safety glass panel.
Storm Doors Gorell storm doors have a unique look and feel.
Most storm doors have adjustable sweeps at the bottom of the door.
Storm drain is complete.
Storm drain is in.
Storm drains are a pathway to the Bay.
Storm drains are conduits that convey floodwater safely underground.
Storm drains are for the run off of rain water and snow.
Storm drains are only for rainwater.
Storm drains are relatively free of pesticides and organic compounds.
Storm drainage is a big, ongoing project.
Storm drainage is a combination of pipes, ditches, and streams.
Storm drainage is a major problem, as heavy rains cascade through the village.
Storm drainage is important, and well-designed drainage ordinarily works well.
Storm fronts are another great time to catch big fish.
Storm petrels range well offshore from their breeding grounds to forage.
Storm Riders creates a unique world somewhere between manga and cinema.
Storm sewers are also significant routes for pollutant input.
Storm sewers carry runoff from miles of city streets and rooftops into waterways.
Storm sewers carry runoff from rain or snow.
Storm sewers carry runoff from rainfall to the nearest stream, river, lake or ocean.
Storm sewers carry stormwater to the nearest stream, river, lake or ocean.
Storm sewers drain to rivers or lakes and carry oils, chemicals and trash.
Storm sewers operate on a separate system.
Storm sewers provide direct routes for pollutants to lakes and streams.
Storm shutters are the best protection for windows.
Storm shutters offer two kinds of protection.
Storm shutters provide a visible physical barrier.
Storm spotters are critical to the warning process.
Storm spotters are volunteers that have been trained in the basics of severe thunderstorms.
Storm spotters come from all walks of life.
Storm spotters keep an eye on unfriendly skies.
Storm spotters report.
Storm surge can cause water levels to rise rapidly, cutting off any chance of escape.
Storm surge can lift the docks off the pilings, especially if the storm hits at high tide.
Storm surge can travel several miles inland.
Storm surge caused by strong easterly winds can flood inland.
Storm surge causes flooding that recharges water-table aquifers with saline water.
Storm surge does more damage, and kills and injures more people, than the winds of the storm.
Storm surge does most damage along beaches and on offshore islands.
Storm surge is a dome-like rise in the ocean level associated with the hurricane.
Storm surge is a rise in the sea level caused by strong winds.
Storm surge is a rise of the ocean caused by the winds of the storm.
Storm surge is a risk to life and property as well.
Storm surge is accentuated compared to conditions prior to development.
Storm surge is an increase in the depth of sea water caused by a storm.
Storm surge is considered the most destructive force of the hurricane.
Storm surge is different than regular tides.
Storm surge is historically the most dangerous.
Storm surge is likely to continue to worsen.
Storm surge is normally the primary cause.
Storm surge is one of the greatest dangers during a hurricane.
Storm surge is really a big problem, because it floods everything.
Storm surge is the biggest killer prior to hurricane.
Storm surge is the difference between sea level, at the time of the storm, and mean sea level.
Storm surge is the difference between the actual observed sea level and the predicted sea level.
Storm surge is the rise of water caused by the wind and pressure forces of a hurricane.
Storm surge is the water driven on shore by a hurricane.
Storm surge is very dangerous, and can sweep away homes that are built right along the beach.
Storm surge swamps a house.
Storm surges affect both time and travel.
Storm surges are frequently the most devastating element of a hurricane.
Storm surges are hurricane induced hazards.
Storm surges are more severe during high tides.
Storm surges can cause property damage and loss of life.
Storm surges occur when strong winds force the underlying water toward the coast.
Storm surges provide good growing conditions while dry summers stress living here.
Storm surges seem to have grown higher, flooding roads.
Storm surges wash over the berm and deposit sediment on the landward dipping surface.
Storm systems are all low pressure systems.
Storm systems can move in without warning in just minutes.
Storm tide is the combination of storm surge and the normal astronomical tide.
Storm tide is the combination of the storm surge and the normal high tide.
Storm tides are a hurricanes worst killer.
Storm tides can bury the island's plants under a foot or more of sand.
Storm tracks are regions of high synoptic activity.
Storm warning is our most comprehensive service.
Storm water can also flow down a poorly sealed well shaft and contaminate drinking water.
Storm water can become a major water-pollution problem.
Storm water contains oil and grease, heavy metals, sediments, and lawn chemicals.
Storm water contributes huge amounts of potentially toxic materials.
Storm water flows directly into open bodies of water via an intricate system of canals.
Storm water goes untreated into the ocean.
Storm water is a collection of surface runoff following a rain.
Storm water is a major problem.
Storm water is carried by gutters and down spouts that spill out to grade.
Storm water is collected in the same sewage networks, which causes flooding in the winter.
Storm water is collected into a sump or storage pond.
Storm water is defined as precipitation flowing off the land surface.
Storm water is defined as storm water runoff, snow melt runoff, and surface runoff and drainage.
Storm water is discharged directly into the river.
Storm water is held on the lands where it fell or melted.
Storm water is inherently a pollution problem, and urban storm water is especially bad.
Storm water is retained in a pond and released at low volumes.
Storm water is water that flows over land during and immediately after a rainstorm.
Storm water runs directly into surface waters without treatment.
Storm water stays on-site in dry wells instead of connecting to the nearby storm sewer.
A storm window is a window
Storm windows are a recognized pay-back investment in cold climates.
Storm windows are a requested item.
Storm windows are available in aluminum, wood, and vinyl.
Storm windows are better.
Storm windows are excellent energy-savers.
Storm windows are important because they create an airspace between the two windows.
Storm windows are windows.
Storm windows can also be an effective approach.
Storm windows can be both energy-efficient and convenient.
Storm windows can be one auxiliary lock.
Storm windows can create substantial fuel savings.
Storm windows can increase the efficiency of single pane windows.
Storm windows can provide insulation from summer heat as well as winter cold.
Storm windows conserve the most energy, and pay for themselves in the long run.
Storm windows go up, screens come down.
Storm windows serve as a protector from harsh weather.
A storm is a physical phenomenon
Storm allows the flow of trust, the lowering of barriers and the washing away of masks.
Storm appears to be backbuilding.
Storm applies a headlock.
Storm attributes the success of the bank to two factors.
Storm auburn tigers clothing.
Storm beds with ripped up limestone fragments and shingled Inoceramus fragments are abundant.
Storm Brings Heavy rain and Snow to Minnesota.
Storm can control weather.
Storm causes collapsing of metal and concrete walls in stadium crowded with political rally.
Storm causes massive forest damage, widespread flooding and coastal damage.
Storm cellars and basements are best.
Storm cellars and basements offer the greatest protection from tornadoes.
Storm cellars or basements provide the best protection.
Storm cellars, which are dug outside the home, are very safe.
Storm chasing and watching the weather is a wonderful hobby.
Storm Chasing Certain people actually want to see tornadoes, lightning and hurricanes up close.
Storm chasing if done safely can be lots of fun.
Storm chasing obviously takes more than just forecasting.
Storm comes back with a superplex, superkick gets two.
Storm comes from behind with a kick.
Storm connects with a standing side kick.
Storm continues to be lively despite a continued fight with liver disease.
Storm continues to move east.
Storm continues to push back the boundaries of expectation.
Storm counters a crucifix with a forward roll slam for two.
Storm counters with a kneelift.
Storm damages church and extensive repairs made.
Storm determine about most nose before enter v-neck sweater.
Storm drains carry water directly to a local stream and eventually into the Bay.
Storm drains carry water directly to the nearest river or creek.
Storm drains collect stormwater and helps to prevent streets and properties from flooding.
Storm drains direct runoff from urban areas to the ocean.
Storm drains empty directly into a body of water.
Storm drains empty into the nearest stream, river, or lake.
Storm drains eventually empty into creeks and rivers.
Storm drains flow into local creeks, rivers, or seas.
Storm drains for residential street paving.
Storm drains have a recent history of overwhelming support by the town.
Storm drains lead to our water supply.
Storm drains lead to streams.
Storm drains on city streets and sanitary drains from residences feed the same sewage pipes.
Storm drains or creeks wash the runoff into local waterways, which eventually flow into the ocean.
Storm drains to sep arate stormwater from sanitary sewers.
Storm drains to separate stormwater from sanitary sewers.
Storm drains typically empty into local creeks and streams.
Storm drains vary in design from small residential dry wells to large municipal systems .
Storm drains vary in design from small residential dry wells to large municipal systems.
Storm drains, cattle guards, and railroad tracks can catch front tires and are slippery when wet.
Storm drops the leg for two before moving to a reverse chinlock.
Storm explains what was unclear earlier.
Storm features on a southern Caribbean fringing coral reef.
Storm flaps that zipper over mesh areas.
Storm flow nutrient element dynamics in two Pennsylvania watersheds.
Storm fly front.
Storm frustrates the climbers bid, but the second Korean team reaches the summit.
Storm gets mixed marks after first half More sports news.
Storm gets whipped to the corner, tries a floatover but gets popped.
Storm gives the white dog a friendly lick, then tells the others to try it.
Storm goes behind to start.
Storm goes for another cover.
Storm goes outside and eats a baseball slide dropkick.
Storm has control over the elements of nature like wind, rain and snow.
Storm has talk shows, book reviews, Internet promotion and book signings in mind.
Storm has two main screens.
Storm has wall cloud with clear slot.
Storm Here are some good safety tips to follow If possible, stay indoors during bad weather.
Storm hits a jawbreaker, and then a side kick.
Storm hits a standing side kick for two.
Storm hits a suplex.
Storm hits an elbow.
Storm hits Rage with the broom handle.
Storm includes floods, trees down, and electrical wires down.
Storm incorporates many musical worlds.
Storm is a bowling ball company.
Storm is a proud company that puts integrity and customer commitment first.
Storm is a stormy album.
Storm is a strong, proud, brave, confident, Black woman.
Storm is a two year old cat rescued from animal regulation.
Storm is a wonderfully sexy hero.
Storm is alive.
Storm is capable of incorporating segments of different bit depths in the same reel.
Storm is determined to have reached hurricane status based upon several ship reports.
Storm is drawn away to play for audiences underground.
Storm is elevated over cold air.
Storm is housetrained, loves kids and walks.
Storm is just about tired of all that.
Storm is like that in real life.
Storm is member of the government's pension committee.
Storm is one hell of a thriller.
Storm is one of the best technical wrestlers in the professional ranks.
Storm is our newest and fastest workstation.
Storm is portrayed as being very powerful.
Storm is probably high based.
Storm is reportedly over Lake MacKenzie.
Storm is the child who was tossed into the sea.
Storm is titled Indian River hail storm.
Storm is warrior, earth is mother, etc.
Storm isa phenomenon.
Storm Keep from freezing.
Storm knocks out power, isolates setting.
Storm leads a very powerful group.
Storm misses a short lariat, allowing Crowbar a backdrop suplex.
Storm occasionally has a black or dark green appearance.
Storm offers the latest technology and highest quality at the most affordable prices.
Storm only allows the owner of the database to modify it.
Storm passes about and sun comes out - hope for fair weather.
Storm passes out from the pain in the center of the ring.
Storm pervades the entire room, utilizing the air, floor and walls.
Storm places a chair on a turnbuckle as the referee's back is turned.
Storm puts The Cat into the Maple Leaf for the win.
Storm rails to suit application.
Storm recommends a visit to the offices of candidate hosting companies.
Storm regains composure with a jawbreaker.
Storm reports iv.
Storm run off collection and recharge.
Storm sail looking good and working well.
Storm sail on separate track and storm trysail.
Storm seems to be a bit disorganized and slipping to the southeast.
Storm sends an outflow which kills any chance for anymore tornadoes.
Storm serves as president and chief executive officer.
Storm shows a bit of cleavage.
Storm signal no.
Storm sounds and lightening was now in sight.
Storm surge abnormal rise of the sea along a shore as a result of strong winds.
Storm surge about to run atop the already battered lighthouse parking lot.
Storm surge along the coast causes billions of dollars of damage.
Storm surge An abnormal rise of the sea along a shore.
Storm surge beginnings.
Storm surge flood gates in Japan and Europe.
Storm surge four to five feet above normal tide level.
Storm surge nine to twelve feet above normal tide level.
Storm surges and waves erode the beach, frequently wash out road beds and undermine structures.
Storm surges from hurricanes bring the greatest potential for loss of life.
Storm surges present the greatest threat to coastal communities.
Storm surges push seawater onto land, flooding coastal areas and beyond.
Storm surges, high winds and flooding can be devastating to our communities.
Storm surges, rather than wind, are responsible for most hurricane deaths.
Storm tags back in.
Storm tags in.
Storm temperatures a key factor.
Storm think inside whatever lynx golfclubs.
Storm thrashes on the roof freezing rain hits the window without a sound day wakes.
Storm throws Palumbo back into the ring.
Storm turns uglier.
Storm use Friendship under that map off lots hospital.
Storm wants to be serious for a minute.
Storm warnings up for the next few days make the situation even more serious.
Storm watch Checking out the entrance spot for most of North America's storms.
Storm watch in the winter and suntan in the summer.
Storm whips Crowbar to the ropes.
Storm womens blazers.
Storm wreaks havoc in the village.
Storms accelerate erosion.
Storms accompany clouds.
Storms accompany dust clouds.
Storms affect areas.
Storms affect space weather.
Storms affect states.
Storms affect weather.
Storms also affect migration, causing delays and other challenges.
Storms also are unique.
Storms also bring lighting, which also is potential fire.
Storms also churn the seas, causing ships to noticeably pitch and roll with surf.
Storms also destroy the possibility of good 'signal skip' conditions.
Storms also tend to be stronger and often strike without warning.
Storms appear as swirls, and areas experiencing rain or wind shear are highlighted.
Storms appear heading our way.
Storms appear out of no where.
Storms approach from the southeast, but lingering clouds typically dust the hill every evening.
Storms approach from the southern Pacific Ocean.
Storms approach quickly.
Storms are a fact of life, and many times they give no warning.
Storms are a form of natural disturbance.
Storms are a time for faith thoughts.
Storms are accompanied by heavy rain.
Storms are accompanied by rain.
Storms are all about motion, and more heat energy translates into more motion.
Storms are an inevitable part of the season.
Storms are another big factor in shaping the landforms of Long Island.
Storms are assaults.
Storms are bigger and at unusual times of year.
Storms are capable of cool air.
Storms are capricious.
Storms are caused by activities.
Storms are caused by sunspot activities.
Storms are caused by wind.
Storms are certain .
Storms are common in Antarctica and are frequently very energetic and dramatic.
Storms are common in the fall.
Storms are complex and have changing atmospheric variables such as temperature, wind, and moisture.
Storms are cool, they blow.
Storms are dangerous.
Storms are disturbances.
Storms are either frontal related or just isolated storms produced by convective energy.
Storms are frequent in the Baltic Sea and often cause severe damage to ships.
Storms are gases.
Storms are good and camping is good.
Storms are located in sea.
Storms are located in seasons.
Storms are located in skies.
Storms are located in summer.
Storms are located in tropics.
Storms are located in weather reports.
Storms are meteorology.
Storms are most likely to stall across southwest Louisiana than any other portion of the state.
Storms are much rarer than in the open Indian ocean further south and less violent.
Storms are much stronger and have counts in the hundreds.
Storms are natural throughout the year.
Storms are often high-pressure system s that prevent evaporation.
Storms are one of the major hazards that are associated to coastal regions.
Storms are one of the most dangerous threats to migrating birds.
Storms are part of our lives in the Pacific Northwest, and inevitably damage our trees.
Storms are particularly important.
Storms are possible as the dryline approaches.
Storms are powerful sources of drama and excitement.
Storms are probably the most common natural cause of death of adult seahorses.
Storms are rare as is snow.
Storms are real, and sometimes Christian boats sink.
Storms are scary, even to grown-ups.
Storms are severe .
Storms are sometimes so violent as to do considerable damage.
Storms are still in the forecast.
Storms are studied by scientists called meteorologists .
Storms are studied by scientists called meteorologists.
Storms are subject to the Savior .
Storms are sudden .
Storms are the source of most the world's avalanches.
Storms are to strengthen our faith.
Storms are too small.
Storms are universal, and can be very destructive.
Storms are used for flooding.
Storms are used for rain.
Storms are used for rainings.
Storms are used for thunderings.
Storms are usually brief in duration.
Storms are usually very severe with strong winds, fluctuating temperatures, and heavy precipitation.
Storms are very noisy, but they typically only last a couple of days.
Storms are violent weather.
Storms arrive quickly around here, and they always want to be ready.
Storms associate with hurricanes.
Storms begin in fall and the flow field becomes less organized.
Storms blow in and out during all seasons.
Storms blow in quickly on the Sea of Galilee.
Storms blow in.
Storms blow over hundreds, probably thousands of kilometers.
Storms blow over, leaving after-effects.
Storms brew and pass within a matter of hours, but the deals remain on tap for the whole season.
Storms bring about dramatic changes to our weather.
Storms bring brief heavy rainfall.
Storms bring gusty wind.
Storms bring heavy rain.
Storms bring heavy rainfall.
Storms bring out the surfers at the same time as the fishing boats run for port.
Storms bring rain.
Storms bring rainfall.
Storms bring strong wind.
Storms bring unwanted insects and bugs that carry contagious diseases.
Storms bring waves and choppy water that can make it hard for fish to swim.
Storms bring wind.
Storms buffet the junk.
Storms build up and break at random.
Storms build up over the central part of the state and generally move west toward the Gulf coast.
Storms can also cause swells.
Storms can also increase the speed of viruses.
Storms can also produce lightning, hail, and high winds.
Storms can alter roads and remove tracks, while vandals can spoil the markings.
Storms can and do easily ravage the shallow reef.
Storms can appear in a short time period, especially during summer.
Storms can appear out of nowhere.
Storms can arise quickly and high waves are hazardous, especially to small boats and canoes.
Storms can be beautiful and also a threat by producing waterfalls as well as flash floods.
Storms can be just as upsetting for animals, as humans.
Storms can be powerful and punishing.
Storms can be severe and life threatening.
Storms can be very frightening to animals.
Storms can become severe with little or no warning.
Storms can become severe, with fierce winds.
Storms can blow in with little warning, turning a clear horizon into a snow globe.
Storms can brew up unexpectedly and leave people stranded, cold and sometimes - dead.
Storms can bring about a dramatic rise in local sea level in two ways.
Storms can cause erosion hundreds of times faster than normal weather.
Storms can change strength and speed quickly.
Storms can come quickly and can be quite fierce for a lake as small as the Sea of Galilee is.
Storms can come up quickly.
Storms can destroy, or they can bring out a rainbow.
Storms can dramatically add to the thickness of a reef by bringing in coral from other areas.
Storms can easily tear sails apart and break masts.
Storms can happen at any time of year, so go in prepared.
Storms can have impact.
Storms can have tremendous impact.
Storms can hit any time.
Storms can knock things out of place and can be frightning.
Storms can move across the low desert when plenty of low-level moisture is present.
Storms can move in fast.
Storms can move into an area in a matter of minutes reducing visibility to just a few feet.
Storms can neither damage nor delay port appearance.
Storms can occur in summer.
Storms can play havoc with existing communication systems.
Storms can serve more than one function.
Storms can spawn tornadoes.
Storms carry dust.
Storms cause accidents.
Storms cause debris to collect in the grates.
Storms cause excessive losses in Angora flocks at kidding time or at shearing time.
Storms cause millions of marks worth of damage Munich.
Storms cause problems.
Storms cause the most losses, followed by predators.
Storms cause the most nest losses, followed by predators.
Storms cause traffic accidents.
Storms chase off sunshine And other news for the area.
Storms come and go.
Storms come at different times in different parts of the world.
Storms come from out of nowhere, and it can rain and blow for a few days.
Storms come from the coast, the midwest, the south, and Canada.
Storms come in many shapes and sizes.
Storms come into every life.
Storms come into everybody's lives.
Storms come primarily from the north, so north-facing beaches change most.
Storms come up quickly in the mountains.
Storms come, and the wicked are blown away, but honest people are always safe.
Storms consist of violent wind.
Storms consist of wind.
Storms contain strong updrafts.
Storms contain updrafts.
Storms continue to move inland from the Gulf of Alaska into western Canada.
Storms continue, no relief in sight.
Storms cover the land with trouble.
Storms create a similar quandary on a different scale.
Storms create ozone through the action of lightning.
Storms damage properties.
Storms delay eastbound takeoffs from Dallas-Fort Worth.
Storms depend upon conditions.
Storms depend upon various conditions.
Storms destroy many of the flimsy nests and defenseless young.
Storms destroy nests and young.
Storms developing on the eastern edge of polar troughs initially move up the trough. .
Storms do damage.
Storms do interfere with the pigeons ability to navigate, probably do to electromagnetic activity.
Storms do serious damage.
Storms drive altitudinal migration in a tropical bird.
Storms drive current.
Storms drive electrical current.
Storms drop rain.
Storms dump heavy rain.
Storms dump rain.
Storms enter through the ripped off end and start dumping.
Storms explores a broad spectrum of events, vulnerability, and responses.
Storms expose character.
Storms fall as rain.
Storms fall into several categories.
Storms fill deep ditches.
Storms fill deep drainage ditches.
Storms fill ditches.
Storms fill drainage ditches.
Storms follow diverge paths.
Storms follow paths.
Storms form from late afternoon to mid evening, and normally last two to six hours.
Storms form over the mountains first but head towards the desert area by mid-afternoon.
Storms form when there is unstable air, a source of lifting, and humidity.
Storms Fri through sun.
Storms gain strength.
Storms gather quickly here, but just as quickly go, leaving behind a world lost in freshness.
Storms generally start far from shore and can approach through time.
Storms generate rain.
Storms get energy.
Storms get nasty quickly there .
Storms go Interactive.
Storms grow toward the inflow side,which can be seen by the presence of low, dark bases.
Storms happen in the lives of chickens and eagles alike.
Storms happen to all people.
Storms have (part) storm centers.
Storms have (part) storm centres.
Storms have characteristics.
Storms have components.
Storms have consequences.
Storms have effects.
Storms have impact.
Storms have no drumrolls.
Storms have no effect, nor do catastrophes have effect.
Storms have onsets.
Storms have patterns.
Storms have pressure.
Storms have similar effects.
Storms have tendencies.
Storms have terrible consequences.
Storms have wind.
Storms here make tree surgery nearly as profitable as brain surgery.
Storms hit coastlines.
Storms hit environments.
Storms hit louisiana coastlines.
Storms hit sites.
Storms hover on the horizon.
Storms impact areas.
Storms impact regions.
Storms include hurricanes.
Storms increase in the south in the winter and summer draughts occur where farming is intense.
Storms interrupt their activities and communication.
Storms involve wind.
Storms kill most of the animals every year so they're adapted to re-colonise very quickly.
Storms know no national boundaries.
Storms lose one point of strength at the end of each month.
Storms lose power.
Storms minces no words.
Storms move along the polar front bringing snow and ice to their north.
Storms move from west to east along the southern edge of the cold air.
Storms move generally from west to east.
Storms move in quickly and leave just as fast.
Storms move into areas.
Storms moving from the north usually carry little moisture.
Storms Name the polar and tropical air masses that affect U.S. weather.
Storms normally come out of the east, place the house facing west, south or southwest.
Storms occasionally develop at times other than the Saturnian summer.
Storms occasionally have a black or dark green appearance.
Storms occur in environments.
Storms occur in oceans.
Storms occur in shear environments.
Storms occur regularly during the summer.
Storms occur throughout the year.
Storms offshore can cause dangerous swimming conditions.
Storms pass through areas.
Storms predominantly blow out of the southeast.
Storms produce events.
Storms produce gusts.
Storms produce gusty wind.
Storms produce intense rainfall.
Storms produce large damage hail events.
Storms produce massive waves.
Storms produce rainfall.
Storms produce strong gusts.
Storms produce strong wind gusts.
Storms produce strong wind.
Storms produce waves.
Storms produce weather.
Storms produce wind gusts.
Storms produce wind.
Storms provide the most dramatic lighting.
Storms purify the atmosphere.
Storms pursue unpredictable paths toward land.
Storms reduce visibility.
Storms result in accumulation.
Storms result when the Earth hits pockets of concentrated silicate particles.
Storms resuspend the marine snow, and the water column gradually eutrophies .
Storms ride the leading edge of that cold air and bring rains ahead and snows behind.
Storms role in from the Northwest Pacific and dump the first load on the coastal mountains.
Storms seem to rage on forever, but they do end and the clouds eventually part to radiant sunshine.
Storms shape and form what they engulf and surround.
Storms show features.
Storms show up in a minute.
Storms sink no phantoms.
Storms start popping to our west by a couple of counties.
Storms strike regions.
Storms sustain wind.
Storms tend to build and diminish and that's precisely what the noises here do.
Storms tend to develop in the south and bring more moisture to the area than winter snowstorms.
Storms tend to develop over southeast Colorado in the lee of the Rockies.
Storms tend to form where there are great contrasts in temperature.
Storms tracking into Canada bring more rain and less snow to the East.
Storms try the vessel, and persecution tries the believer.
Storms typically occur along front lines where the air masses meet.
Storms vary by basin with respect to size, intensity, track and frequency of occurrence.
Storms vary in type and magnitude with the seasons.
Storms always reveal the quality of the work.
Storms often clear the reef substrate, leaving new surfaces for the recruitment of coral larvae.
Storms often come in with little or no warning.
Storms often create openings big enough to allow full sunlight to reach the forest floor.
Storms often create spikes in deer activity.
Storms often make the boating treacherous.
Storms sometimes approve.
Storms sometimes batter the islands with fierce winds and waves.
Storms sometimes cause electrical power outages.
Storms sometimes reprove.
Storms usually take shape off to the southwest.
All storms have a story.
Every storm ends and the snow always melts.
Every storm is different.
Every storm leaves the ship rust-streaked, battered and bent.
Every storm provides an opportunity for growth.
Many storms form along the polar front in the vicinity of the jet stream's maximum winds.
Many storms move from southwest to northeast during winter, especially along the east coast of Asia.
Many storms provide visual clues of impending severe weather.
Many storms spread rain, ice, and snow over the USA during winter.
Most storm drains in Sacramento flow directly to our local creeks and rivers.
Most storms accelerate erosion.
Most storms accompany dust clouds.
Most storms affect areas.
Most storms affect space weather.
Most storms affect states.
Most storms affect weather.
Most storms are accompanied by heavy rain.
Most storms are accompanied by rain.
Most storms are caused by activities.
Most storms are caused by sunspot activities.
Most storms are caused by wind.
Most storms associate with hurricanes.
Most storms bring brief heavy rainfall.
Most storms bring gusty wind.
Most storms bring heavy rain.
Most storms bring heavy rainfall.
Most storms bring rain.
Most storms bring rainfall.
Most storms bring strong wind.
Most storms bring wind.
Most storms can have impact.
Most storms can have tremendous impact.
Most storms carry dust.
Most storms cause accidents.
Most storms cause problems.
Most storms cause traffic accidents.
Most storms consist of violent wind.
Most storms consist of wind.
Most storms contain strong updrafts.
Most storms contain updrafts.
Most storms depend upon conditions.
Most storms depend upon various conditions.
Most storms do damage.
Most storms do serious damage.
Most storms drive current.
Most storms drive electrical current.
Most storms drop rain.
Most storms dump heavy rain.
Most storms dump rain.
Most storms fall as rain.
Most storms fill deep ditches.
Most storms fill deep drainage ditches.
Most storms fill ditches.
Most storms fill drainage ditches.
Most storms follow diverge paths.
Most storms follow paths.
Most storms gain strength.
Most storms generate rain.
Most storms get energy.
Most storms give fair warning of their approach.
Most storms happen at night due to the way storms develop.
Most storms have characteristics.
Most storms have components.
Most storms have consequences.
Most storms have effects.
Most storms have impact.
Most storms have patterns.
Most storms have pressure.
Most storms have similar effects.
Most storms have tendencies.
Most storms have terrible consequences.
Most storms have wind.
Most storms involve wind.
Most storms lose power.
Most storms move into areas.
Most storms occur in environments.
Most storms occur in oceans.
Most storms occur in shear environments.
Most storms pass harmlessly.
Most storms pass through areas.
Most storms produce events.
Most storms produce gusts.
Most storms produce gusty wind.
Most storms produce intense rainfall.
Most storms produce large damage hail events.
Most storms produce massive waves.
Most storms produce rainfall.
Most storms produce strong gusts.
Most storms produce strong wind gusts.
Most storms produce strong wind.
Most storms produce waves.
Most storms produce weather.
Most storms produce wind gusts.
Most storms produce wind.
Most storms reduce visibility.
Most storms result in accumulation.
Most storms take a path that is well to the north.
Some storm cellars provide protection.
Some storm comes up, the pus of the wound starts to come out.
Some storms appear to occur independent of the location of Io.
Some storms are bigger than others.
Some storms are cool, while others are just dangerous.
Some storms are dark and powerful blotting out the sun, but somewhere in the sky is a rainbow.
Some storms are followed by heavy lake effect snow.
Some storms are followed by heavy snow.
Some storms are followed by lake effect snow.
Some storms are followed by snow.
Some storms are generated by hurricanes.
Some storms are slow and some storms are fast.
Some storms become hurricanes.
Some storms bring a lot of rain.
Some storms bring heavy snow.
Some storms bring snow.
Some storms bring snowfall.
Some storms can be narrow while some some can be very wide.
Some storms can be so intense and dark that it appears that all hope is lost.
Some storms can grow large and remain for long periods of time.
Some storms can happen quickly and sometimes without warning.
Some storms carry amounts.
Some storms cause crashes.
Some storms cause damage.
Some storms cause death.
Some storms cause extensive damage.
Some storms cause hurricanes.
Some storms cause major damage.
Some storms cause serious damage.
Some storms cause severe damage.
Some storms cause significant damage.
Some storms cause snowfall.
Some storms cause thunderstorms.
Some storms cause transpiration.
Some storms come from different directions.
Some storms come our way too.
Some storms contain severe hails.
Some storms create radiation.
Some storms destroy boxes.
Some storms destroy farms.
Some storms destroy structures.
Some storms do manage to drift south.
Some storms do turn toward the north to hit the Mexican Coast.
Some storms drop snow.
Some storms dump heavy snow.
Some storms dump snow.
Some storms forecast for western Greece.
Some storms generate electricity.
Some storms have ability.
Some storms have descriptions.
Some storms have methods.
Some storms have structures.
Some storms have tornado.
Some storms have unique methods.
Some storms hit east coasts.
Some storms increase tolerance.
Some storms kill cows.
Some storms kill many more cows.
Some storms kill men.
Some storms kill old men.
Some storms kill wheat.
Some storms lead to disorder.
Some storms lead to neurological disorder.
Some storms never become full hurricanes.
Some storms occur in amazon jungle.
Some storms occur in jungle.
Some storms produce episodes.
Some storms produce hails.
Some storms produce incredible snowfall.
Some storms produce large hails.
Some storms produce powdery snow.
Some storms produce snow.
Some storms produce snowfall.
Some storms produce tornado.
Some storms push air mass.
Some storms push arctic air mass.
Some storms push mass.
Some storms reflect damage potential.
Some storms reflect potential.
Some storms remove topsoil.
Some storms require conditions.
Some storms require the roads to be plowed a second and even a third time.
Some storms take places.
Some storms threaten life.
Some stormwater permits require the following parameters to be sampled and recorded.
All stormwater work is complete.
Some stormy weather causes death.
Story arcs are very en vogue.
Story board is complete.
Story board is somewhat complete.
Story boards are an overall, general depiction of the entire film sequence.
Story boards identify the origin, fabric, style and donor of the article.
Story boards show commercials and other things in a series of scenes.
Story book has large print , easy for beginners to read and play.
Story book has large print, easy for beginners to read.
Story book reading at home and at school promotes the idea that print conveys meaning.
Story books are due back after one month.
Story Books Welcome to our shop.
Some story books integrate additional sound effects and music into the stories.
Story circle is yet another option here.
Story City has a population of aobut three thousand.
Story City is a thriving business and industrial community with plenty of old world charm.
Story City is located in Story County Iowa.
Story City offers the best of small town life while being only minutes away from a university city.
Story County is located in central Iowa.
Story line has an identifiable plot with a recognizable beginning, middle, and end.
Story line is a lot more entertaining and involved.
Story line is fine.
Story line is frequently a series of recurring actions.
Story line is good though.
Story line seems familiar.
Story lines appear and disappear almost weekly.
Story lines are intricate, realistic, dealing with love and death, melodrama, violence.
Story lines are often very sophisticated and complex and extend into episodic series.
Most story lines are false.
Story mode involves guiding the bouncers through an adventure to rescue the young girl.
Story mode is pretty lame.
Story People are polite here.
Story problems are a special case.
Story problems are always harder to rewrite than dialogue problems.
Story structure becomes a reader's tool rather than an abstract curriculum end in itself.
Story teller tries to fool the other players.
Story tellers can use unfamiliar language if there is repetition and context.
Story tellers captivate kids of all ages with their ghoulish tales on a dark fall night.
Story tellers range from sculptor to writer to candlestick maker.
Story time can be a time for parents and children to read and listen to stories together.
Story time can bring a whole new dimension to the important skills of language.
Story time includes finger plays and flannelboard activities.
Story time is a time when individuals learn new language and vocabulary.
Story time is an excellent way to wind-down before naptime or bedtime.
Story time is difficult cause their attention span is so short.
Story time is free and open to all ages.
Story time is offered to all classes.
Story time is open to pre-schoolers.
Story time is popular with toddlers.
Story time is provided in voice and sign language.
Story time is special here.
Story time runs on the school schedule when the weather causes the schools to close.
Story times are a unique learning experience for children.
Story times are available weekly for toddlers and preschool children.
Story times are available year round for different age groups from toddler to family.
Story times are for ALL ages of people.
Story times are for preschoolers and school-age children.
Story times are for three and four year olds, and include stories, rhymes, films and craft.
Story times are free.
Story times begin promptly.
Story times bring little ones and adults together to build interest in books and stories.
Story times can be in homes or at the library.
Story times happen at a variety of places around town.
Story times take place in the activities room.
Story times target pre-school aged children.
Story writing is a great refuge for the dark and brooding teenager.
A story is a message
Stories abound about a lost diamond-bearing kimberlite deposit.
Stories abound about broken windows, resident advisors, and food that lies around for days.
Stories abound about finding mountains of information on any topic within minutes of logging on.
Stories abound about hidden items found during sales and by people who purchased items.
Stories abound about newly minted millionaires created by Silicon Valley stock options.
Stories abound about phys-chem.
Stories abound about the dilemma.
Stories abound about the power of networking.
Stories abound about voting in Chicago.
Stories abound concerning lost cats and dogs traveling across continents to get home.
Stories abound everywhere.
Stories abound from our history.
Stories abound in mythology of Jealousy and the havoc it wreaks.
Stories abound in the intern universe of free dinners and concert tickets landing on interns' desks.
Stories abound of bosses who pay less than promised, or have workers deported on pay day.
Stories abound of cities that exploded in riots after their sports teams won championships.
Stories abound of corporate and individual efforts to regenerate the forest floor.
Stories abound of countries being given pharmaceuticals past their sell-by date.
Stories abound of despotic partners mistreating younger attorneys and staff with impunity.
Stories abound of elephants and rhinos being shot within days of relocation.
Stories abound of even steeper price hikes.
Stories abound of ex-linemen with useless and shattered limbs after their years in the trenches.
Stories abound of families perishing on Kurdistan's snow-capped mountains.
Stories abound of firms going to practically any length to lure IT consultants on board.
Stories abound of folks who do nothing but crew on other people s boats.
Stories abound of heartbreak, and hardship.
Stories abound of high tech companies in search of skilled workers.
Stories abound of hospitals operating at full capacity yet losing money.
Stories abound of instances where simple errors created simultaneous bewilderment across the nation.
Stories abound of learning disabled students who have learned a foreign language one way or another.
Stories abound of miracle plants that are resistant to disease, pests, and drought.
Stories abound of mistreatment by South African police.
Stories abound of patients being hospitalised until their health insurance runs out.
Stories abound of people who spend a lot of time researching the wrong person.
Stories abound of students having their film or camera confiscated or worse.
Stories abound of the devil's numerous metamorphoses.
Stories abound of the successful firms started by our graduates.
Stories abound of titanic struggles with the almost supernatural fish.
Stories abound of travelers tricking the system.
Stories abound of U.S. employers unable to find qualified applicants for entry-level positions.
Stories abound of undergraduates spending seven years earning the equivalent of a bachelor's degree.
Stories abound of women dying in childbirth before the advent of modern hospitals.
Stories abound regarding how people find each other again - for good or otherwise.
Stories abound, but there is no hard evidence.
Stories act as windows to understanding people and the real world.
Stories add depth and interest to any presentation.
Stories add flair to the occasion.
Stories address environmental issues.
Stories address issues.
Stories aimed for young readers are often guileless, seeking fun for fun's sake.
Stories already abound.
Stories also can be educational - discovery.
Stories also can center around animals or objects, real or invented.
Stories also contain links to other pertinent web sites.
Stories also feed our imagination and in doing so, they form the fabric of our soul.
Stories also flood Russia about kidnapping rings and a Slavic slave trade based in Chechnya.
Stories also have settings, places characters inhabit.
Stories also let teachers know how much each student has learned about the topic.
Stories also play an important part in people's identity.
Stories -Anime All about Japanese comic fanzines.
Stories appear in a special publication distributed throughout the state and nation.
Stories appear in an annual publication distributed around the nation and on a web site.
Stories appear in frames.
Stories appear in large type for easy reading.
Stories appear in magazines.
Stories appear in the newspapers, magazines, and on television about the problems of online use.
Stories appear regularly in the financial press.
Stories appear to have been researched well.
Stories appear to have updates of about an hour or so.
Stories appoint role models, impart values, and show how to execute complex tasks.
Stories archived here frequently contain implied or explicit same-sex romance and erotica.
Stories are a basic human convention.
Stories are a common thread that bind all humanity together.
Stories are a fine balance between topics and themes of local interest and international relevance.
Stories are a good way to communicate and many anecdotes become data.
Stories are a great tool.
Stories are a great way to run stocks up, but stories generally end.
Stories are a key tool for learning, inspiring and transmitting culture.
Stories are a means of communication.
Stories are a means to inspire, inform, educate and amuse.
Stories are a multi-player game.
Stories are a natural way of beginning dialog with users.
Stories are a powerful medium of entertainment, instruction and sense-making.
Stories are a powerful way to connect with kids.
Stories are a sort of equalizer.
Stories are a very powerful way to represent complex, multi-dimensional concepts.
Stories are a way for readers to connect with characters and with themselves.
Stories are a way to communicate and create personal relationships.
Stories are a way to engage learners and affect the emotional parts of the brain.
Stories are a way to get to people's hearts through imagery, and everybody loves a good story.
Stories are a wonderful way to strengthen resiliency factors.
Stories are a writer's life's blood.
Stories are about adversity and conflict.
Stories are about conflict.
Stories are about human beings.
Stories are about love, courtship, marriage, divorce, heartbreak and other aspects of romance.
Stories are about our human experience.
Stories are about people in crisis and people in crisis usually have spiritual hungers.
Stories are about people.
Stories are about real or imagined lives.
Stories are about shared time, shared place and, most of all, shared experience.
Stories are above all for enjoyment.
Stories are abstracts that discuss the statistical concepts of a particular datafile.
Stories are actually a very large segment of the market - perhaps even a quarter of it right now.
Stories are adaptable to all sorts of presentations.
Stories are alphabetical by each god.
Stories are already a necessary part of an organization's life.
Stories are also an effective way to grab and hold an audience.
Stories are also effective in increasing tolerance and understanding of people from other cultures.
Stories are also welcome.
Stories are also wonderful tools for learning.
Stories are always a great way of relaxing.
Stories are always in flux.
Stories are always popular.
Stories are always welcome.
Stories are ambiguous.
Stories are an excellent way to become better acquainted with other cultures and people.
Stories are an inseparable part of the human dream.
Stories are an integral part of model train collecting.
Stories are animal related and designed for volunteer and audience enjoyment.
Stories are another of the defining forces in any society.
Stories are as essential to man as water, light and air.
Stories are as much pictures as they are words.
Stories are at root about choices.
Stories are at the bottom.
Stories are at the heart of our practice.
Stories are available by date and by sport.
Stories are available for elementary students.
Stories are available for free online for about seven days.
Stories are available for many levels of readers.
Stories are available in English or French.
Stories are available in print and audio formats.
Stories are available in streaming audio and text transcript versions.
Stories are available in varying degrees of graphic content.
Stories are below.
Stories are brief and are illustrated with children's art.
Stories are brief for young readers.
Stories are bright Stars Held in the Depths of our Souls.
Stories are capable of floors.
Stories are capped with links to resources.
Stories are clear, direct, and interesting.
Stories are clever and fun, and it includes information on electronic resources.
Stories are closer to poems, and they are harder to read.
Stories are common to other cultures.
Stories are creative.
Stories are different when told in another language.
Stories are due as listed on the attached course schedule.
Stories are due, and late stories and pictures are assigned.
Stories are dynamic and explosive.
Stories are elaborate and simple.
Stories are equipment for living.
Stories are essential for describing the Christian experience.
Stories are everywhere in Oaxaca.
Stories are everywhere.
Stories are extensive and detailed.
Stories are fact-checked and most news stories are relatively free from errors of fact.
Stories are fair and substantive.
Stories are fiction.
Stories are focused, concise and categorized for easy selection.
Stories are for girls and adventure gamers.
Stories are for joining the past to the future.
Stories are for understanding.
Stories are for use in main stream press.
Stories are from magazines or wire services.
Stories are from mythology and animal life.
Stories are from three to eight minutes in length.
Stories are from three to five pages long.
Stories are full text indexed in a database and editable online.
Stories are fully searchable.
Stories are fun, exciting, comforting.
Stories are fundamental to one's sense of identity and to dealing with experience.
Stories are gathered from many sources and all are documented in the public library, says Stavely.
Stories are gifts given by an elder to a younger person.
Stories are glimpses.
Stories are good, non-threatening opportunities to discuss trouble issues.
Stories are important.
Stories are in categorized in original stories, folk-tales, play scripts, poems and class stories.
Stories are in highly competitive markets.
Stories are in plain text so that they are readable by any e-mail software.
Stories are in the center of the page.
Stories are inherently concrete.
Stories are inherently linear.
Stories are interactive.
Stories are interestings.
Stories are introduced by an invitation to hear a story.
Stories are just that, stories.
Stories are legion from bankrolls under mattresses to channels to accounts under shell companies.
Stories are like romances.
Stories are limited to two pages.
Stories are linear.
Stories are literally false but they embody higher truths.
Stories are located in bookstores.
Stories are located in newspapers.
Stories are located in novels.
Stories are located in pasts.
Stories are longer and require more attention from the children.
Stories are meaningful, and they are unforgettable.
Stories are meatier than transition books, though still contain a lot of action.
Stories are memeplexes that are in direct competition with other memeplexes.
Stories are memorable because they have a beginning, middle and an end.
Stories are memorable.
Stories are mixed on who actually established the holiday.
Stories are Mixed tunes.
Stories are more complicated, and are usually read to children.
Stories are more interesting if there is animation and variety in the voice of the teller.
Stories are more involving, creating images and pictures.
Stories are more than facts.
Stories are more than structure, however.
Stories are more than welcome here as well, with or without the picture.
Stories are most meaningful and best able to promote literacy when they speak to a student's world.
Stories are mostly about obstacles.
Stories are much more easily credible coming from some contexts than from others.
Stories are much shorter on the Internet.
Stories are narrative.
Stories are nice, but their connection to Real Life is too obvious.
Stories are no different.
Stories are non-threatening.
Stories are of varied length, complexity, and illustrative style.
Stories are of varied length.
Stories are often a more compact way to express an important idea.
Stories are often the best tool.
Stories are often the best way to illustrate how laws work.
Stories are okay.
Stories are one of the most powerful forms of human communication.
Stories are one thing and interpretations another.
Stories are one way in which meaning is carried beyond the words.
Stories are one way that people make sense of the world in which they live.
Stories are our best way to communicate.
Stories are our wealth.
Stories are out there - everywhere.
Stories are over and the murder is just part of an epilog.
Stories are paintings.
Stories are part of a child's identity and help develop a sense of pride.
Stories are part of aesthetic education and develop creativity.
Stories are part of newspapers.
Stories are part of our human inheritance.
Stories are part of our human, tribal, social inheritance.
Stories are particular.
Stories are particularly useful for communicating within the organization for two reasons.
Stories are personal treasures wellsprings of memories and wisdom.
Stories are personal.
Stories are potent carriers of memories.
Stories are powerful because they bind information and understanding over time.
Stories are powerful.
Stories are pretty complicated, but they're worth it.
Stories are property of the respective authors.
Stories are quite interesting and easy to understand.
Stories are realities lived and believed.
Stories are relatively easy.
Stories are repetitive and predictable.
Stories are re-read frequently through the year.
Stories are searchable by company name and are stored for one year.
Stories are searchable by keyword.
Stories are shared and children learn to play together.
Stories are shared and lifelong friendships are sealed.
Stories are short and concise.
Stories are short and to the point, and generally only hard news makes it on the air.
Stories are short with a picture of family or homeschooling parents with each story.
Stories are similar in that once spoken or written down they get passed along, never dying.
Stories are similar.
Stories are simple articles.
Stories are simply a great, timeless way to illustrate benefits for prospects and customers.
Stories are something that people like.
Stories are something they can buy at a bookstore.
Stories are stand-alones though.
Stories are stories about real scientists and some of the things they did.
Stories are subject to editing.
Stories are subjective.
Stories are suitable for all ages.
Stories are suitable for older learners and they deal with contemporary topics.
Stories are Swedish only.
Stories are tagged thematically.
Stories are text only, without accompanying photographs or graphics.
Stories are the age-old way people passed on values and traditions to children, and it's no wonder.
Stories are the Armstrong brothers came and one headed to California area.
Stories are the best way to illustrate points.
Stories are the best way to make a point.
Stories are the building blocks of human thought, the absolute necessities of life.
Stories are the building blocks of knowledge, the foundation of memory and learning.
Stories are the glue of writing, binding writers to their readers.
Stories are the inspiration of patriotism and of home virtues.
Stories are the link that tenuously join one generation to the next.
Stories are the magical seeds of the soul.
Stories are the metaphors of our lives.
Stories are the most important thing in the world.
Stories are the perfect contextual medium for new hypermedia tools to sound.
Stories are the property of their respective authors.
Stories are the seeds for contemplation and discussion.
Stories are the stuff of our lives.
Stories are the way in which our children learn about who they are and what they come from.
Stories are to be linked with a commentary introducing the storyteller and the stories.
Stories are to humankind what dreams are to individuals.
Stories are to share and tell.
Stories are told of elephants, apes, and dogs which have acquired a taste for alcoholic liquors.
Stories are traditional and there are many different types of regional opera.
Stories are trite and bombarded with marketing.
Stories are true to the flux of experience, and the story affects the direction of that flux.
Stories are typically production-related.
Stories are unedited email.
Stories are up right after game, the message boards live and the chatroom is going too.
Stories are used for entertainment.
Stories are used for reading.
Stories are used for teachs.
Stories are used for telling.
Stories are used for writing.
Stories are usually planetary or universal in scope.
Stories are usually secular and associated with wars and victories.
Stories are very important in our lives.
Stories are very important to politics because politics and community building are about values.
Stories are very powerful tools.
Stories are very powerful.
Stories are visceral and emotional.
Stories are welcome from patients, caregivers, and surviving family members.
Stories are well-researched with good nut graphs and quotes.
Stories are well-written and the discussion here is lively.
Stories are what make a talk memorable and lively.
Stories are what make news.
Stories are wonderful because they give meaning and wisdom and value for our life.
Stories are works of art, and a high quality artwork has many interpretations.
Stories are written by reporters.
Stories are, as always, super art as well, is delightful.
Stories are, in effect, the recapitulation of extraordinary fictional events and characters.
Stories Assemble a set of unusual objects.
Stories base on assumptions.
Stories base on observations.
Stories base on stories.
Stories base on themes.
Stories based on one person's experience have an anecdotal quality.
Stories become as important as documents.
Stories become highly selective prosecutions instead of thorough and balanced news accounts.
Stories become legends.
Stories become more and more outrageous as they are passed from person to person.
Stories become shelters, keeping out the cold when everything else has been taken away.
Stories become the glue that cements a family.
Stories beget stories.
Stories begin from a certain situation which poses a problem or shows up something lacking.
Stories begin in many ways .
Stories begin to diverge after that.
Stories begin to fizzle.
Stories begin with silent-e and progress to include all vowel patterns.
Stories break out daily about the team's past transgressions.
Stories bring numbers to life.
Stories bring the data to life.
Stories build understanding and awareness.
Stories can also add a touch of wonder as the plot helps illustrate biblical truths.
Stories can also be powerful tools for growth and learning.
Stories can also bring a form of immortality to people.
Stories can also help students refine their speaking skills.
Stories can be a bridge between readers and difficult medical concepts.
Stories can be a salvation and also a curse.
Stories can be about people, places, events, even supernatural beings.
Stories can be about things that really happened or they can be make believe.
Stories can be any genre.
Stories can be as short as several paragraphs or as long as several typed pages.
Stories can be both humorous and horrific, and are sometimes both.
Stories can be custom designed for a child's individual situation and problems.
Stories can be either event-based or features.
Stories can be either fiction or non-fiction.
Stories can be fact or fiction, prose or poetry, and they can also have math or science themes.
Stories can be fact or fiction, prose or poetry.
Stories can be fiction or non-fiction and retold legends are acceptable.
Stories can be funny or scary, it all depends on the direction the wind is blowing.
Stories can be good ways to learn important lessons.
Stories can be hegemonic when various tellers impose their story onto others.
Stories can be historical or contemporary.
Stories can be humorous, dramatic, suspenseful, whatever.
Stories can be humorous, funny, touching, sad - whatever.
Stories can be in English or in Spanish.
Stories can be longer, but they'd better be damn good.
Stories can be much more than words in a report.
Stories can be real life events or fiction.
Stories can be serious or comical.
Stories can be serious or humorous.
Stories can be the best way to package meaning and spur others on to achieve.
Stories can be works of art.
Stories can bind the evil and hold it, for a time, like a genie in a bottle.
Stories can change an age, turn an era round.
Stories can come in book form, or be shared out loud, in person, or via a recording.
Stories can contain pictures.
Stories can convey a message, a truth beyond factual truth.
Stories can create an emotional experience of value.
Stories can either take place within the United States or in part or as a whole in Europe.
Stories can even include a photo.
Stories can expose the peril of the alternatives or provide solutions.
Stories can have multiple endings or no endings at all.
Stories can heal.
Stories can help to create a commitment to goodness and ethical behavior.
Stories can inspire the imagination and spark an interest in further investigation.
Stories can literally open an entire new world to people.
Stories can live and grow while new information is obtained.
Stories can maintain the status quo and stories can challenge it.
Stories can make the unseen seen.
Stories can offer a safe place to touch the pain of fear, doubt, or loss.
Stories can range from ghosts and evil spirits to love and joy.
Stories can shape, encourage, inspire and heal, both in the telling and the hearing.
Stories can take anywhere between six hours and three years, depending on their complexity.
Stories can take place anywhere and in any time period.
Stories can turn a heart of stone into a heart of flesh.
Stories can weave a common identity.
Stories can work as cultural indexes for appropriate or inappropriate behavior.
Stories captivate the imagination.
Stories capture an organization's history.
Stories capture and convey the stuff of life.
Stories capture our minds.
Stories capture the essential meaning of our lives.
Stories carry lessons for young and old.
Stories celebrate the organization's past and point to possibilities for the future.
Stories center on university-wide activities and achievements.
Stories chained in the flavor of semen are too large to be captured in lyric.
Stories change each month.
Stories change on a regular basis and access to archives does bear a cost.
Stories change periodically.
Stories change weekly.
Stories change when told by a different viewpoint character and sometimes that's a good thing.
Stories change, information becomes manipulated and attitudes modify often times overnight.
Stories cite book and chapter.
Stories come alive when they contain lots of names and dates and details.
Stories come alive when they're read, especially by their creators.
Stories come every five minutes, of which most are ongoing from now to eternity.
Stories come from all major internet news services.
Stories come from mothers.
Stories come from sites.
Stories come from the land.
Stories come in all different sizes.
Stories come in many sizes and many forms.
Stories come in the middle of the show . . .
Stories come out of an oral tradition.
Stories come to conclusions.
Stories come to firm conclusions.
Stories come to life through finger plays, puppets, face painting and other special activities.
Stories come to resolution through events and new insights.
Stories come unadulterated from numerous sources and many points of view.
Stories concentrate on emerging companies, new business trends, and innovative management methods.
Stories concern behavior.
Stories concerning both ozone depletion and global warming appear in both volumes.
Stories concerning local or state markets are to be indexed.
Stories concerning misconduct in the show ring between handlers are prolific.
Stories conflict somewhat and there was probably no one single reason for the company's demise.
Stories connect people to their families, friends, ancestors and culture.
Stories constitute the single most powerful way that leaders communicate.
Stories constitute the single most powerful weapon in a leader's arsenal.
Stories contain dawns.
Stories contain elements.
Stories contain hand drawing pictures on paper.
Stories contain phone numbers and e-mail addresses to contact writers for more information.
Stories contain scenes which are violent.
Stories contain the phone numbers and e-mail addresses to contact writers for more information.
Stories contain warnings, predicaments and universal answers.
Stories continue to rotate to the different classes until each story reaches the original class.
Stories contribute to establishing that kind of environment.
Stories cover a wide range of New York-related people and topics.
Stories cover a wide range of topics.
Stories cover many themes and topics.
Stories cover musical styles and settings ancient and modern, mythic and contemporary.
Stories create a connection for people.
Stories create connections for people.
Stories cross and discoveries await each one.
Stories crosses cultural, ethnic and gender lines.
Stories dating back about two weeks are available for free on the Web site.
Stories define the human condition.
Stories delight, and the best ones are so amusing that they slip in some moral freight.
Stories delve into strange and touching intimacies between the U.S. and Vietnam.
Stories demand as much as they give, because listeners are integral to the storytelling process.
Stories demand involvement, entering into the story itself.
Stories derive from memories, but they can equally well be memories of anywhere and anyone.
Stories descend into the dark, warm, light circles.
Stories describe concepts.
Stories describe early symptoms and progression of the disease.
Stories describe key concepts.
Stories detail the power and fragility of human relationships.
Stories develop a life of their own.
Stories develop a sense of place and tap in to what makes our region so special.
Stories develop like poems or meditations.
Stories differ as to the cause of the shooting.
Stories differ as to why no action was taken.
Stories discipline by defining characters, sequencing plots, and scripting actions.
Stories do change on a regular basis and access to archives does bear a cost.
Stories do continue about the town, however.
Stories do that too.
Stories do that.
Stories document the impact of technology on society.
Stories don t nail things down.
Stories drive each lesson home as the group comes up with mathematical methods to reach solutions.
Stories earn no points for length.
Stories editor To propose cover stories or feature articles, send a short abstract first.
Stories educate, illustrate, enlighten, and inspire.
Stories emerge through the many layers of paper, paint and found materials.
Stories emerge, both as explicit narrative pieces, and in recurring organic forms.
Stories enacted usually show the triumph of good over evil.
Stories encourage the development of feelings and empathy and speak to the inner child.
Stories engage our emotions.
Stories engage people on a number of levels.
Stories enhance attention, create anticipation, increase retention.
Stories enrich our minds, raise our consciousness and indulge our imaginations.
Stories enrich vocabulary with vivid, colorful, well-chosen words.
Stories enslave or liberate depending on whether they are fixed or evolving.
Stories entertain, teach, spark imagination, foster critical thinking, and encourage reading.
Stories evoke the power of experience.
Stories exist for every age and culture, every family and creation, every color and sound.
Stories exist of terminal or incurable diseases that have been instantaneously healed through sound.
Stories explain life.
Stories explore the glittery underworld of hopefuls desperate for fame.
Stories express cultural values.
Stories express our collective dreams and hopes.
Stories feature a lead in larger type followed by links to related sites.
Stories feature images.
Stories feature sports stars and teams, sports tips, and the next Olympics.
Stories featuring school bullies and despotic teachers are lighter fare but just as engaging.
Stories feed our souls, no matter our age, sex, belief or nationality.
Stories fill the museum, but it's the vehicles themselves that visitors really come to see.
Stories float in from across both oceans and by way of the mailbox.
Stories float up from a video monitor perched inside another suitcase.
Stories flow out like a bobbin unwinding.
Stories fly in a holding pattern waiting to be typed out.
Stories focus on a troublesome dog next door, an ant invasion, broken china, and spilled milk.
Stories focus on groups and individuals who are helping to achieve corporate goals.
Stories focus on issues.
Stories focus on moments of mathematical discovery and on personal anecdotes.
Stories focus on relationship extremes.
Stories focus on technology tools and strategies for firms involved in e-commerce.
Stories focus on the Muslim world.
Stories focus on toys made of tin, wood, and cast iron.
Stories follow events.
Stories follow patterns.
Stories frame a subject by example.
Stories gain in length as readers gain ability.
Stories generally focus on companies with strong fundamentals.
Stories generally run only once in any newspaper.
Stories generally stay on the Web site for seven days.
Stories get around.
Stories give examples.
Stories give meaning to common and shared experience.
Stories give people and communities a voice and a sense of themselves.
Stories give people specific concrete examples of implementation.
Stories go into a book.
Stories grow and build and slither and slide.
Stories grow as they kind of go on down the line.
Stories guide how people act, think, feel, and make sense of new experience.
Stories guide our development.
Stories have a beginning, a middle and an end.
Stories have a beginning, a middle, and an end.
Stories have a beginning, middle and end.
Stories have a beginning, middle, and end.
Stories have a beginning, middle, and ultimately, an end.
Stories have a mind .
Stories have a mysterious power of impact over the human soul.
Stories have a particular power to build and support social capital.
Stories have a place .
Stories have a sequence.
Stories have a set up that tells what is about to happen.
Stories have a setting, characters, problem, events related to solving the problem, and resolution.
Stories have a special magic.
Stories have a way of repeating themselves, especially stories in the Bible.
Stories have an organic nature.
Stories have artistic interest.
Stories have characters to whom children can relate.
Stories have characters, actions, and settings.
Stories have consequences.
Stories have coverage.
Stories have descriptions.
Stories have endure quality.
Stories have facts.
Stories have great power.
Stories have hegemonic constructions within particular times and places.
Stories have ideological footprints.
Stories have illustrations.
Stories have interest.
Stories have layers of meanings when heard from an older perspective.
Stories have magic, mythic power to characters within the stories.
Stories have many angles.
Stories have numerous affective benefits for social and emotional development.
Stories have origins.
Stories have patterns that repeat.
Stories have plot twists.
Stories have plots.
Stories have power.
Stories have punch lines or Aesopian morals.
Stories have quality.
Stories have real emotional punch.
Stories have rhythm.
Stories have sentences.
Stories have speech, music sound effects and movement.
Stories have the potential to be the catalysts of powerful meanings.
Stories have the potential to build authentic communities of shared meaning and values.
Stories have the power to go straight into people's hearts.
Stories have the power to heal and set free, particularly the stories of our own lives.
Stories have to be suitable for children as well as mirror the sign of the times.
Stories have to be unique and very well written.
Stories have to have drama, characters who are up against it, with something at stake.
Stories have universal appeal.
Stories have villains.
Stories help crystallize our views, our feelings and our priorities.
Stories help each child to feel loved and also help mold children into good citizens.
Stories help pass the time when hungry stomachs growl for food.
Stories help provide bridges between peoples, generations, and the natural world.
Stories help teach children the difference between right and wrong, good and evil.
Stories help teachers.
Stories help to link it all together.
Stories here range from gentle to electric.
Stories highlight industry trends as well.
Stories highlight local events.
Stories honor humanity and a sense of belonging.
Stories hoort men er bij de wholesale.
Stories however are very intractible as a persistent knowledge representation and for inference.
Stories illustrate concepts.
Stories illustrate life.
Stories illustrate the text of our lives.
Stories illustrating the importance of savings services are particularly welcome.
Stories include details.
Stories Includes some of the powerful human stories to be found in No More Throw-Away People.
Stories influence children's learning for life.
Stories intertwine, pull upon one another, and fly apart.
Stories introduce places and people.
Stories invest our lives with meaning, they develop and express our creativity.
Stories invite reflection on values and culture.
Stories involve characters.
Stories involve people and the unfolding of their lives day by day, year by year.
Stories involving religion often are about international conflicts, such as Kosovo.
Stories involving religion often are news stories about international conflicts, such as Kosovo.
Stories involving young people are of particular interest to the media.
Stories is a fascinating journal of five ghosts' visit to Pisa.
Stories is currently under construction.
Stories is intended to be a cyberhistory of Pi Kappa Tau.
Stories keep a tradition alive.
Stories Keep chronology of all stories with most recent headline on the heroin default page.
Stories keep cropping up about Catholic priests and little boys.
Stories keep going.
Stories lead to conceptual frameworks for a leading idea.
Stories like . . .
Stories link an individual to the history of a group.
Stories link verbal language to the languages of voice and body.
Stories Listen to immigrants' journeys.
Stories lists other well known stories that share the same dramatic attributes.
Stories live by telling.
Stories Look no further.
Stories lose meaning when translated from their original language.
Stories lose their luster when they are being typed in slow blocks.
Stories maintain their meaning, but take new life with every different storyteller.
Stories make a difference.
Stories make comparison.
Stories make guessing easier.
Stories make ideas real.
Stories make it into newspapers for many different reasons.
Stories make life all that much more interesting.
Stories make meaning, anthropologists are apt to say.
Stories make our dreams real and the real magical.
Stories make sales presentations memorable, fun and persuasive.
Stories make senses.
Stories make statements.
Stories make the content interesting.
Stories make trouble. . . .
Stories make up a base fabric of our society.
Stories mend the fabric of our lives.
Stories move people.
Stories naturally lend themselves to be dramatized, mimed, or roleplayed.
Stories never stay the same, because they arent't written.
Stories offer a loving but unflinching assessment of India today.
Stories offer a way to connect with one another in the vastness of the circle of life.
Stories offer examples.
Stories offer imaginative exercise for children.
Stories offer powerful ways to build relationships across human differences.
Stories ofthe past and the future.
Stories open people up to each other.
Stories organize the information from a person's life.
Stories overlap and stories contradict each other.
Stories own planning.
Stories pass down explanations for certain events and ways of life.
Stories passed by word of mouth often disappear like the breath they exhaust.
Stories percolate about a new drug-related public health problem.
Stories persist of anomalous phenomena, including balls of light, and levitation .
Stories play a big role here.
Stories play an important role in all children's emotional and intellectual development.
Stories pour out.
Stories prepared by the site's writers include links to related information.
Stories previously published in periodicals are eligible for inclusion.
Stories provide a centerpiece for creative leadership in a global age.
Stories provide a more complete view of the meaning of professional practice.
Stories provide a perfect vehicle for discussing how images are created in our heads.
Stories provide a powerful forum for human connection, bonding, and communication.
Stories provide a way to learn.
Stories provide context and meaning, exactly what marketers strive to do.
Stories provide evidence.
Stories provide examples.
Stories provide excellent resources for the development of morals and virtues.
Stories provide genetic evidence.
Stories provide great examples.
Stories provide links to related websites.
Stories provide presence.
Stories provide the characters, transitions divide the chapters, and bookends highlight the themes.
Stories provide the core of group identity.
Stories provide the original world of virtual reality.
Stories raise questions more frequently than they give answers.
Stories range anywhere from run ins with famous people to in-depth gut level feelings about divorce.
Stories range from abstractly poetic to uproariously slapstick.
Stories range from an irate preacher to a slave woman who placed the curse upon the pillar.
Stories range from e-zine commentaries to magazine articles to news releases.
Stories range from e-zine commentariesto magazine articles to news releases.
Stories range from hilarious to sad to downright gruesome.
Stories range from implied shounen ai to graphic lemon.
Stories range from local and national politics to entertainment and sports.
Stories range from nuts and bolts science to mystical speculative fiction.
Stories range from reviews of commercial software, CDs, shareware, and updates.
Stories range from the newest in children's literature to the favorite classics.
Stories range from the start of missionary work in Argentina to information on current growth.
Stories read a lot better with still images and video, of course.
Stories read about others experiences preparing for surgery.
Stories read aloud.
Stories read differently in different formats.
Stories read from a book are less graphic and can be modified by parents as they are reading.
Stories Read our lastest banana stories. .
Stories Read our lastest banana stories.
Stories Read some of the stories from missionaries who have served in various parts of the world.
Stories Read the stories of some other courageous survivors.
Stories really matter.
Stories receive attention.
Stories receive worldwide attention.
Stories received are subject to condensation or rejection.
Stories refer to tables being set up for meals, then taken down for other activities.
Stories referring to the drink go back as far as the sixth century.
Stories reflect interest.
Stories reflect local youth voices and perspectives on issues that affect everyone.
Stories reflect more thorough research and a greater depth of understanding.
Stories reflect the best factual information available at the time of publication.
Stories regarding pestilences and epidemic are destitute of foundation.
Stories regarding the construction of the stately house are somewhat unclear.
Stories reinforce imagery and develop curiosity and vocabulary skills.
Stories related to both ozone depletion and global warming appear in both volumes.
Stories remain in the category areas for approximately six months.
Stories represent lifestyles and values.
Stories represent profit.
Stories require a series of events in time.
Stories retain the flavour of the oral tradition.
Stories reveal perspective.
Stories revolve around some conflict or human dilemma, and have four parts.
Stories rotate to the different classes until reaching the original class.
Stories say how one day the monster wiped out a caravan of Even people.
Stories seem to be the best way to do that.
Stories seem to provide the connection between the facts of their lives.
Stories seem to suggest that discrimination no longer exists, so affirmative action is unnecessary.
Stories serve as guiding stars for individuals living in complex societies.
Stories serve that purpose, and stories are effective teaching tools.
Stories shape our lives, give our lives meaning, direction, energy, inspiration.
Stories shape our lives. . .
Stories share the challenges and successes of educators and learners in using learning technologies.
Stories show actions.
Stories show appearances.
Stories show development.
Stories show effective actions.
Stories show fear promotes ostracism, stigma, and denial, blocking prevention.
Stories show people intensely dedicated to the demands of their jobs.
Stories show professional growth.
Stories show shortsightedness of Caroline County's officials-even their hypocrisy.
Stories shows back up now.
Stories simplify complex concepts and events.
Stories simplify complex concepts, and give much needed context to confusing ideas.
Stories slide in their reporting, waiting for complete information.
Stories soften hearts and change minds better than theories.
Stories somehow get into our consciousness in a very powerful way.
Stories span the gritty-edged surface of hard news all the way to the soft fluff of interactive fun.
Stories spark an interest in reading and telling other stories.
Stories spark the listener as no other performance medium can.
Stories speak as much of the future as they tell of the past.
Stories spread especially quickly in small towns.
Stories stand on their own merits.
Stories stick to the mind.
Stories stick, stories can be re-told, and stories move people to change and act.
Stories still circulate about their last visit, say locals.
Stories stoke the imagination, inspire, frighten, and teach.
Stories strain to be told.
Stories strengthen imagination, they give children hope, a sense of where they've been in the world.
Stories structure our inner landscape, the inner world from which behaviour is born.
Stories submitted by young people are available elsewhere at the site.
Stories suffer from passive verbs, run-on sentences, mixed metaphors and cliches.
Stories survive of school children seeing travelers along the Trail from the school windows.
Stories take on a life of their own and create their own length and flow.
Stories take on a new meaning when they are told in a setting where they occurred.
Stories take one event and explores it and brings it to a conclusion.
Stories teach and inspire imitation as well as entertain.
Stories teach friendship, diversity, teamwork, and the importance of family.
Stories teach without preaching or pointing an accusatory finger.
Stories tell and reinforce narratives, and sometimes even originate narratives.
Stories tell of another ninja who knows 'Toad Magic,' and rides on the back of a giant toad.
Stories tell of good and evil, and how to act in the world.
Stories tell of statues flying, sweating, speaking, etc.
Stories tell tales of home, family and friendship conveying a feeling of warmth and simplicity.
Stories tend to change once the cars are moved and the parties have left the scene.
Stories tend to fall into three general categories.
Stories tend to focus on schools that are using interactive media to enliven the learning process.
Stories then find form short story, novel, novella, film-script, stage play.
Stories tie together objects, spatial and temporal data with people, events and multimedia.
Stories told here are vivid and interesting.
Stories touch each and every one of our five senses.
Stories touch people's hearts as nothing else can.
Stories touch the spirit, and Scripture for each day strengthens the soul.
Stories travel and people have long memories.
Stories use professional actors, original music and sound effects.
Stories Use the drop down box to select the comparison operator.
Stories validate no one dies alone.
Stories vary about the nickname's origin.
Stories vary as to the identity of person buried here.
Stories vary as to the origin of the quarterboards.
Stories vary in depth and quality of coverage, but are pretty good on the whole.
Stories vary in tone.
Stories vary on how the dog got to Japan.
Stories vary on just how the Hamburg steak evolved into the present-day hamburger.
Stories Vote for the All Star game.
Stories weigh nothing, but they can make a heavy pack seem much lighter.
Stories Write and post stories.
Stories written on a word processor can help improve literacy skills.
Stories written within the past two weeks are available on the website free of charge.
Stories xxx dvd manly.
Story advises the mayor on land use, water and transportation issues.
Story also has briefs about women's team and women's swimming team.
Story also helps to bond the culture.
Story Be sure to follow standard layout guidelines, especially pertaining to multi-page stories.
Story becomes reason.
Story begins a view of barracuda schooling with a diver in the background.
Story begins with several shots of a small Midwestern town houses, people, businesses, landscapes.
Story can provide a constitutive method for achieving what is humanly possible and realizable.
Story cassettes come alive with the use of Folkmanis handpuppets and marionettes for children.
Story cassettes cover all the main authors and can be borrowed in the same way as books .
Story centers around good cops, bad cops, and the rap stars they emulate.
Story centers on a young Midwestern couple who are getting married and end up on a gameshow.
Story combines adventure with powerful statement about devastation of war.
Story comes first.
Story comes from character.
Story consists of fourteen relatively concise snippets culled from hours of studio workouts.
Story consists of the key events timeline, milestones and philosophy.
Story contains a detailed andintense look at adult and disturbing themes.
Story contains a message about friendship and overcoming stereotypes.
Story contains an unacceptable number of spelling, grammar, style and accuracy errors.
Story contains clear and meaningful graphics utilizing scanner, kid's pic, hyperstudio, etc.
Story contains some graphics and saved on disc.
Story continues . . .
Story continues after photo.
Story continues here . . .
Story continues here .
Story continues here.
Story continues on the next page . . .
Story continues on the next page. . .
Story conveys the character's sensitivity and longing with great skill.
Story copy past an enemy indeed caught billiards light.
Story countenances no such doctrine.
Story covers a major kitchen remodel in the craftsmen style.
Story deals with rape and incest.
Story deals with the encroachment of whites into Indian territory.
Story details one of Australia's most infamous unsolved family murder cases.
Story drives technology.
Story emphasizes performance leadership over competitors.
Story ends on inspirational note.
Story fills almost two full newspaper pages.
Story flows logically and coherently.
Story Follow the corridors of power to see where laws are made and deals get done.
Story follows four men who are tasked to fix oil pipeline on sea bed.
Story follows if anyone is interested.
Story follows the diamonds and their 'selling prices' over the years.
Story follows the disreputable heroes after their decision to go straight.
Story follows the known parameters.
Story gives rise to story.
Story goes here.
Story goes on forever.
Story goes that they took on the way of the white man and their heritage died out.
Story goes to career days at churches at the drop of a hat.
Story has a beginning,middle and ending, and excellent story relates to facts.
Story has a happy ending and teached a life lesson.
Story has a happy ending.
Story has a lot of pine trees, berry bushes, white tail deer, and birds.
Story has at least one significant problem in style, spelling, organization.
Story has happy end.
Story has it , while making a reverse move, the hoppers picked a switch here in the small yard.
Story has it that a son destroyed the headstones.
Story hates sentimentality.
Story Heats Up.
Story holds the interest of the reader.
Story holds together well, and ends happily.
Story includes a report from an IASA session on inclusion.
Story includes defense donation link.
Story includes full color images of new British stamps.
Story includes Internet sites.
Story includes name, friends and favorite golf course.
Story includes pix of escapees and video report.
Story includes realvideo of a coronal mass ejection. .
Story includes realvideo of a coronal mass ejection.
Story includes recipes.
Story incorporates social aspects - emotional readiness and social skills.
Story intersects each listener at different points.
Story involves Bengal tigers.
Story involves conservation as well as strange hidden powers.
Story is a beautiful place.
Story is a force of nature.
Story is a general introduction to energy.
Story is a good website that describes what energy is.
Story is a great game to inspire their imagination.
Story is a learning tool and a teaching tool.
Story is a little far out, but the characters are pretty good.
Story is a metaphor for the adult world.
Story is a metaphysical puzzle.
Story is a small community on the upper end of Lake Ouachita.
Story is a special place.
Story is a way to create and share knowledge.
Story is about a banished man who learns to appreciate the world for the first time.
Story is about a mongoose that protects an English family living in India from cobras.
Story is about a New York City priest.
Story is about a woman with amnesia.
Story is about an angel cat who rescues lost or abandoned cats.
Story is about crafty black drug dealer working in the street of Harlem.
Story is about one man's battle to learn the truth.
Story is about PCs made into humans.
Story is always first.
Story is amusing and realistic and allows for the fact that kids have occasional accidents.
Story is an allegory on a Bible story or a Greek Myth, and says nothing new to the reader.
Story is an embarrassment.
Story is an entertainment, for the one spinning the story and for the audience.
Story is an indispensable part in their growth.
Story is based in a small town of North India.
Story is below.
Story is character.
Story is complete.
Story is Complete.
Story is completely different from that.
Story is convoluted.
Story is created on a rotation basis.
Story is cumulative and told in sign language.
Story is designed to explain mood of electorate.
Story is diffrent, but it can happen in real life.
Story is entirely fictional.
Story is full of mystery, romance and the lore of stone circles of Stonehenge.
Story is handwritten.
Story Is hard.
Story is here .
Story is here and here .
Story is here.
Story is important above all else.
Story is important in any culture.
Story is important, but it has to work in conjunction with the characters.
Story is incomplete.
Story is introduced here .
Story is more than a vehicle of artistic expression, cultural tradition, ancient and ageless wisdom.
Story is most generic using double roles which never occur in real life.
Story is most important.
Story is mostly in finnish, sorry.
Story is much more important than technique and technology.
Story is often one of the best ways to explain the adoption to a young child.
Story is OK, nothing special, but yet different than other similar movies.
Story is one of the most important elements.
Story is one of the most serious intruders into the heart.
Story is pointless.
Story is publishable, with virtually no spelling, style, grammatical errors.
Story is set at the turn of the century in New Orleans.
Story is so important here.
Story is sort of background here.
Story is the actual action of the book.
Story is the best vehicle for passing on factual information.
Story is the foundation of all entertainment.
Story is the most important aspect of a successful role-playing game.
Story is the pond has a hard bottom.
Story is the way in which style and substance are achieved.
Story is they're up for eight next year.
Story is told by a child using drawings done by children.
Story is told from newly discovered photographs and archival film.
Story is told through text, graphics, and audio clips.
Story is totally similar and old like other but the actor made the whole movie great.
Story is updated and the press rolls again.
Story is usually controversial.
Story is very good most of the time.
Story is well developed.
Story is what elevates a movie, transforming a good film into a great one.
Story is what happens and why.
Story is what the novel's about.
Story is white curly tails tipped with night crawlers and bounced along the bottom.
Story is without any foundation whatever.
Story is written to deliver the message the writer wanted, sometimes beyond realistic levels.
Story is, and always has been, a telling of good over evil.
Story isa message.
Story jumps around too much early on and too much is skipped over.
Story knows the offense well.
Story leads and ideas accepted.
Story links with children's literature.
Story lives in culture.
Story mentions BSC as one of the schools.
Story mentions BSC as one of three state colleges which is planning new dormitories.
Story mentions recent successes of baseball team, also mentions successes of women's lacrosse team.
Story mentions Winterdance and choral concerts.
Story needs a little work, but a good movie to see.
Story needs such heat freaked with murder plans.
Story never means spoken narrative arc.
Story notes comment on plot, structure, character, dialogue and suggest possible revisions.
Story notes, one scene.
Story offers suggestions on avoiding travel nightmares.
Story opens with a man, garbed in an orange wet suit, immersed in a pool of water.
Story organizes the material.
Story plans to attend future forums.
Story plays, large and small group play, rhythms, relays, stunts, posture work, classroom games.
Story precedes grammar.
Story raves about North Cascades National Park.
Story Read the following passage and answer the following questions.
Story reinforces a childs' healthy attitude toward use of a hearing aid.
Story relates to child's feelings.
Story represents Nevada in the contest.
Story revolves around a gang of genetically engineered humans who go after cops and bad guys alike.
Story says the business language and relationship are very telling.
Story screens for bosses.
Story sees the changes as a step in the right direction.
Story show a wily Hercules.
Story shows loose connection to the story.
Story shows the raising as well as the finished home.
Story Stars vs.
Story starts for real.
Story starts in Ohio.
Story still works.
Story stresses individual differences and self-acceptance.
Story strikes tremendous resonance in popular imagination.
Story takes place in Boston during the Revolutionary War.
Story telling at it's best.
Story telling encourages children to read and opens doors to the world of literature.
Story telling in the Arab culture is a family activity, and an age old practice.
Story telling lends itself to threes.
Story Telling Make reading fun.
Story telling The components of story telling are the story, the story teller and story telling.
Story telling with puppets is a Russian speciality and a highly developed theatrical skill.
Story tells that they spent their younger years throwing bombs at the bad guys.
Story Think about it.
Story times over, now fuck off.
Story turns out to be a sexual predator, looking for sexual favors in return for funding.
Story unfolds on multiple levels simultaneously.
Story urges moderation in alcohol consumption.
Story works in a very direct way.
Storys are more then welcome.
Story's over then.
Story's over, folks, everybody's happy.
Stories always engross humans, so they are rich stuff of which to make learning.
Stories always have characters, some problem, and a resolution to that problem.
Stories always require some character, even if it's just an ant.
Stories often appear in 'The War Cry' and 'Salvationist' newspapers.
Stories often bristle with non sequiturs and over-edited jumpiness.
Stories often center around a female character's choices between career and marriage.
Stories often combine elements of past and present.
Stories often deal with unfortunate children.
Stories often explore questions and issues relevant to children adopted beyond early infancy.
Stories often focus on a crisis of faith, or a difficult decision that is guided by faith.
Stories often follow the same rule of thumb.
Stories often have a pattern of three repetitions with a variation on the fourth.
Stories often lack a beginning, middle and end.
Stories often parallel life and suggest ways of dealing with situations.
Stories often provide links to related items on a similar topic.
Stories often remain half told, glimpsed in almost unintelligible vignettes.
Stories often wind up in the trash.
Story often involves corruption, incompetence, bribery, hypocrisy.
Stories sometimes unfold through interest, whim or frivolousness.
Stories usually are.
Stories usually end with a solid conclusion, something that worriers crave.
Stories usually get very long in the old media.
Stories usually let the reader relax a bit after the climax.
Stories usually range from parody to silly.
Stories usually require images for illustration.
All stories are anonymous.
All stories are authentic and contain actual video of rescues.
All stories are available for free .
All stories are available for photocopying and distributing in the classroom.
All stories are available for photocopying and distributing to the classroom.
All stories are available in full text.
All stories are complete and unabridged.
All stories are confidential.
All stories are copyrighted property of the individual author.
All stories are discussion group messages.
All stories are entirely the property of the author.
All stories are fictional and are created by the author.
All stories are fictional.
All stories are fictitious, and meant as humourous pieces only.
All stories are from news wires and news papers.
All stories are in .txt format.
All stories are in English and categorized by subject.
All stories are in German and some also have the English translations.
All stories are in no way associated with their owners.
All stories are in original format.
All stories are in reverse chronological order, with the most recent article on top of the list.
All stories are in russian.
All stories are incomplete.
All stories are on spec, even assigned ones.
All stories are original anecdotes or brief biographies.
All stories are original content unless stated.
All stories are original submissions written by parents.
All stories are original works.
All stories are presented in the original, no editing is done.
All stories are property of the respective authors.
All stories are provisional truths rather than fixed realities.
All stories are real stories from real people.
All stories are searchable through our advanced ghost story database.
All stories are similar but being acted differently.
All stories are subject to change due to breaking news.
All stories are subject to editing before they are posted online or run in the newspaper.
All stories are subject to editing for appropriate material.
All stories are subject to editing for style and length.
All stories are suitable for a family audience.
All stories are suitable for young children through adult.
All stories are to be written for publication.
All Stories Are True .
All stories are true.
All Stories Are True.
ALL stories are uploaded with either professional illustrations, or creative interim illustrations .
All stories are welcome .
All stories are works of fiction by the author.
All stories are, and remain the sole property of the author, who retains all rights.
All stories begin and end in wonder.
All stories begin here.
All Stories Begin Here.
All stories begin on page one.
All stories celebrate the wonders of imagination and joy of expression.
All stories come from our sense of separateness.
All stories complete in each issue.
All stories contain a murder.
All stories contain explicit sexual language.
All stories deal with issues relating to the African American community.
All stories eventually end.
All stories evolve and change with time and place.
All stories feature a boy or boys.
All stories feature a gun.
All stories fit together in the following order.
All stories get lots of students' names into print - a very good tactic for any newspaper.
All stories give accounts of special relationships that people have with animals.
All stories have a beginning, a middle and an end.
All stories have a beginning, a middle, and an end.
All stories have a beginning.
All stories have a closure.
All stories have a distinctive Spanish feel.
All stories have consequences.
All stories have endings.
All stories have slugs and tags.
All stories have special design and pictures.
All stories have the child's name and other information included in the printed pages.
All stories have the same basic structure.
All stories have to start somewhere.
All stories have violence.
All stories hinge on moments of panic and uncertainty, especially among teenagers.
All stories link to each other sequentially from the first.
All stories listed here are of relevance to web site designers.
All stories now carry a similar phrase at the end.
All stories represented are incomplete.
All stories start with an idea.
All stories take place in their own continuity, unless noted otherwise.
All stories try to express our hearts longing to BE ONE again.
All stories use real names and are based on press accounts.
Any stories are fair game as long as they are interesting.
Any story is about the relationship of an individual to society.
Any story is better with a picture.
Any story is liable to questioning, reinterpretation, or rejection.
Any story is welcome for submission.
Any story is welcome.
Any story makes less sense when learned in bits and pieces.
Any story offers a cultural experience.
Any story quoting a taxi driver is likely to be a shabby job.
Any story sounds true until someone sets the record straight.
Any story welcome.
Every story begins with an idea.
Every story brings some new challenge.
Every story contains a secret prize.
Every story contains an important lesson designed to build character.
Every story contains echoes of other stories.
Every story contains moral lessons to help fashion good, strong character.
Every story deals with spiritual growth.
Every story deserves a strong ending.
Every story ends on a new point of departure.
Every story expresses joy and sheer love of life.
Every story feels like a different poem.
Every story has a back story.
Every story has a beginning, a middle an end.
Every story has a beginning, a middle and an end.
Every story has a beginning, a middle, and an ending.
Every story has a beginning, middle, and end.
Every story has a beginning.
Every story has a conflict.
Every story has a design, or style, or aesthetics.
Every story has a different set of creatures as protagonists.
Every story has a happy ending and positive outcome.
Every story has a happy ending in there somewhere.
Every story has a happy ending.
Every story has a hero.
Every story has a hole in it.
Every story has a local angle if reporters have time to find it.
Every story has a medium, a space where the expression takes form.
Every story has a message, a set of ideas and emotions.
Every story has a moral based on tenets of Jainism.
Every story has a name, a face, and a heart and soul that has been through great tragedy.
Every story has a number.
Every story has a point.
Every story has a problem and a solution.
Every story has a technology angle.
Every story has a unique, tragic plot.
Every story has an important lesson designed to build good character.
Every story has as many sides as people.
Every story has at least one of each.
Every story has at least two sides to it.
Every story has different levels of meaning.
Every story has facts and truth.
Every story has one.
Every story has seven episodes, each ending with a puzzle.
Every story has three parts.
Every story has to end somewhere, but that doesn t mean that the events lose their power.
Every story has to happen somewhere.
Every story has to have a central conflict.
Every story has to have a lesson.
Every story has to have a purpose.
Every story has to have tension, and be able to stand alone.
Every story has two sides . . .
Every story has two sides.
Every story has two versions.
Every story has vocabulary exercises and comprehension questions.
Every story has way more than two sides.
Every story here has a lightning flash and a bit of head rolling.
Every story is a deplacement of signs, embracing people , money and merchandise .
Every story is a downpour of image, a deluge of metaphor, a torrent of detail.
Every story is a form of censorship.
Every story is a learning experience, especially the failures.
Every story is a lifetime.
Every story is a moral dilemma with grippingly human consequences.
Every story is a very personal story of one person's journey to become successful in their work.
Every story is about a character trying to deal with some sort of difficulty.
Every story is about class and rank.
Every story is about people, real people.
Every story is accompanied by lots of great photography.
Every story is alive, even the ones in which no one is doing much of anything but dying.
Every story is assigned a slugword by the wire service.
Every story is categorized into specialty areas and health care related categories.
Every story is completed by the reader.
Every story is different, and each deserves to be told.
Every story is different, but they are all inspiring.
Every story is different, of course.
Every story is different.
Every story is full of life, love and hope.
Every story is history the moment the ink is dry.
Every story is illustrated.
Every story is interesting and good television.
Every story is like a jigsaw.
Every story is like an episode.
Every story is placed.
Every story is pretty straightforward.
Every story is purely business.
Every story is relevant to the time of year the magazine is published.
Every story is sad.
Every story is set as a brand story and has really meaty and real takes on brand.
Every story is simultaneously about the story itself and some larger issue.
Every story is the lead to the rest of the newscast.
Every story is viewed from some vantage point.
Every story is, by definition, unfaithful.
Every story is.
Every story needs a bad guy, just as every tragedy needs some dead bodies littered about the stage.
Every story needs a character.
Every story needs a devil.
Every story needs a distinctive slug and the date it was written.
Every story needs a framework.
Every story needs a main character.
Every story needs a protagonist, a hero.
Every story needs a quantum of words.
Every story needs an angle.
Every story needs conflict, a worthy or enthusiastic protagonist, and drama to sustain itself.
Every story needs the bad-guy.
Every story needs to take place somewhere.
Every story paints a picture.
Every story presents something to learn and to discover.
Every story raises some questions and answers some other questions.
Every story starts out as an idea.
Every story starts with a main character.
Every story starts with once upon a time and ends happily ever after.
Many stories abound concerning the idea that dolphins try to save drowning humans.
Many stories abound regarding the honored black belt in various martial arts styles.
Many stories add flavour to the early years.
Many stories also have links to related web sites.
Many stories appear online, but someone still has to develop content.
Many stories are about animals, weather and plants.
Many stories are about the link between writers, characters, and readers.
Many stories are already hard to trace - especially from the early years.
Many stories are enriched with photographs and video clips.
Many stories are helpful to consumers by pointing out which colleges are the best buys.
Many stories are in progress.
Many stories are more like fables, which is often the case with animal stories.
Many stories are readily adaptable as short plays and can be acted out.
Many stories are yet to be uncovered.
Many stories associated with British history come from the Tower.
Many stories can illustrate both.
Many stories connected to Aboriginal rock are highly complex and linked to other stories .
Many stories connected to Aboriginal rock are highly complex and linked to other stories.
Many stories contain examples within the story.
Many stories deal with wine in some way.
Many stories demonstrate the attention our gedolim gave to every minute occurrence.
Many stories do the same.
Many stories done by the media read or sound like drug company press releases.
Many stories end up on the news because someone is hurt or killed.
Many stories feature rare period illustrations.
Many stories give the croc human characteristics.
Many stories have an outer and an inner track.
Many stories have magic.
Many stories have the three-part spine underneath all the subplots and diversions.
Many stories highlight the romance of a new product that sizzles.
Many stories investigate religious controversy.
Many stories involve orphans and evil stepmothers.
Many stories involve real of symbolic immigration and emigration in the hope of finding identity.
Many stories never see the light of day because of such intra-racial tension.
Many stories portray the frontier, and in particular the Moon, as a place of sexual experimentation.
Many stories remain untold, even in societies with written histories.
Many stories seem rather believable.
Many stories start in medias res , and jump about chronologically.
Many stories talk of high drama.
Many stories tell of vampires that grew new skin, or grew longer fingernails.
Many stories use simple language to deal with very serious issues.
More stories are available in our story archives .
More stories are being written, so check back now and then.
More stories are in print, continuously being written.
More stories are sure to follow tomorrow.
More stories are very welcome.
More stories await.
More stories circulate in whispers.
More stories clitoris more forum cheerleaders clitoris pamela girls pamela lolita.
More stories come in, copy editing is underway.
More stories come out everyday.
More Stories Here is the index of good stories.
More stories means more writers.
Most stories address environmental issues.
Most stories appear in magazines.
Most stories are about animals, events, and personal recollections.
Most stories are derivative in some way.
Most stories are five pages or less in length, in large type.
Most stories are for adults.
Most stories are generally journeys of heroism, charged with emotions, and that is it.
Most stories are Harlequin in nature.
Most stories are in the financial, international, sports, usa, or washington categories.
Most stories are much more attuned to emotional dynamics than narrative.
Most stories are on the shorter side.
Most stories are one week long, unless otherwise noted.
Most stories are only a couple of pages long.
Most stories are pro- big government or issues of fluff or no significance.
Most stories are pure fiction.
Most stories are quite similar.
Most stories are rather short.
Most stories are several pages long supplying in-depth analysis of covered issues.
Most stories are short and informational.
Most stories are smaller.
Most stories are suitable for print and radio.
Most stories are True, then there are the rest.
Most stories are written by reporters.
Most stories base on assumptions.
Most stories base on observations.
Most stories base on stories.
Most stories base on themes.
Most stories become legends.
Most stories come from mothers.
Most stories come from people contacting journalists, either face to face, on paper, or by phone.
Most stories come from sites.
Most stories come to conclusions.
Most stories come to firm conclusions.
Most stories concern the war effort and propaganda about winning the war.
Most stories contain dawns.
Most stories contain elements.
Most stories contain links to related stories for additional coverage.
Most stories contain pictures and some include audio.
Most stories contain some key words.
Most stories describe concepts.
Most stories describe key concepts.
Most stories don t work in their first drafts.
Most stories explain life.
Most stories feature contact information and citations to the study reported on.
Most stories feature images.
Most stories focus on issues.
Most stories follow events.
Most stories follow patterns.
Most stories give examples.
Most stories have a bad person.
Most stories have a beginning, a middle, and an end.
Most stories have a beginning, a middle, and an ending.
Most stories have a beginning, middle and end.
Most stories have a conclusion, a summation.
Most stories have a natural rise and fall.
Most stories have a UK focus.
Most stories have artistic interest.
Most stories have benefits falling into two or more of the categories below.
Most stories have coverage.
Most stories have descriptions.
Most stories have endure quality.
Most stories have facts.
Most stories have happier endings.
Most stories have interest.
Most stories have missing places - all are complex and distressing.
Most stories have multiple settings which have been created by the author to tell the story.
Most stories have one central character .
Most stories have one central character.
Most stories have origins.
Most stories have plots.
Most stories have quality.
Most stories have two or more versions.
Most stories have variations, depending on who is telling.
Most stories have villains.
Most stories help teachers.
Most stories here are from Malaysia while several others from various parts of Asia.
Most stories illustrate life.
Most stories involve characters.
Most stories live on our Web site for about seven days, but there are exceptions.
Most stories make comparison.
Most stories make senses.
Most stories make statements.
Most stories offer examples.
Most stories pit male against female, though, as it is usually easier to seduce the opposite sex.
Most stories present at least one main character, called the protagonist.
Most stories provide evidence.
Most stories provide examples.
Most stories provide genetic evidence.
Most stories provide great examples.
Most stories receive attention.
Most stories receive worldwide attention.
Most stories recount great terrors that caused shuddering, sweating, and fear.
Most stories reflect interest.
Most stories reveal perspective.
Most stories revolve round the stars, the produce and money.
Most stories show actions.
Most stories show appearances.
Most stories show development.
Most stories show effective actions.
Most stories start there.
Most stories start way too soon.
Most stories start with an opinion that is either reaffirmed or modified in the reporting process.
Most stories stem from Serbia itself.
Most stories tell about conflict.
Most stories tell more about current trends or yesterday's results, than tomorrow's opportunities.
Most stories tend to emphasize one dimension over the others.
Most stories typically follow familiar sequences of events.
Most stories use Native American characters.
Some stories also start out sounding successful, only to have mixed results later on.
Some stories appear in books.
Some stories appear in four different layouts each night.
Some stories appear in issues.
Some stories appear in letters.
Some stories are a learning processes for the creator.
Some stories are about animals whose lives have been too damaged to be turned around.
Some stories are about family members .
Some stories are about family members.
Some stories are about group sex or threesomes, while others are about couples only.
Some stories are about people standing up for what they believe in or making ethical decisions.
Some stories are about popular children's cartoon characters.
Some stories are about real people and real places.
Some stories are always the hardest to write.
Some stories are amusing.
Some stories are better in pen and ink, some in watercolor or oil.
Some stories are better suited for print media, others for TV or radio.
Some stories are bigger than baseball.
Some stories are bloody , some are juicy , and some are just plain moist .
Some stories are commercial movies or close to commercial.
Some stories are compilations based on several different versions.
Some stories are easier and safer to get at.
Some stories are embarrassingly subpar.
Some stories are even more negative.
Some stories are explicit.
Some stories are fact, some fiction.
Some stories are factual and are extracted from our research journals.
Some stories are fantastic, some very down to earth, and some sound like a fairy tales.
Some stories are for kids and some are for parents.
Some stories are funny, some sad, some in between and almost all romantic.
Some stories are good, some raise questions, all are interesting.
Some stories are grotesque and demonic.
Some stories are harder to cover.
Some stories are Harlequin in nature.
Some stories are heterosexual and some are homosexual with both men and women as tops and bottoms.
Some stories are heterosexual and some are homosexual with both men and women as tops andbottoms.
Some stories are humorous, some dramatic.
Some stories are important.
Some stories are incontrovertible.
Some stories are interactive and allow the reader to make decisions.
Some stories are interactive.
Some stories are just a few lines, others are much longer, all are intriguing.
Some stories are just too fantastic.
Some stories are less amusing.
Some stories are light and fun, some are educational, and others are investigative.
Some stories are like that.
Some stories are like turtles.
Some stories are long and take awhile to read.
Some stories are longer than others because of a lack of information.
Some stories are longer than two minutes, including lead-in and tag.
Some stories are moral tales, some are life experiences.
Some stories are more factual than others, but that is no matter.
Some stories are obvious, like portraits of their children or loved ones.
Some stories are obvious.
Some stories are obviously for morons.
Some stories are of exceptional users.
Some stories are of particular interest to modern readers.
Some stories are of questionable validity, and others are inconsistent with many known details.
Some stories are on the rougher side.
Some stories are only a few paragraphs, just a tiny bite of the most hilarious depravity.
Some stories are original and others reprinted.
Some stories are original, and some available stories are crossovers.
Some stories are our's and some have been written by friends about their experiences.
Some stories are painful but humorous.
Some stories are personal, while others are professional.
Some stories are poignant and some romantic, while others are truly shocking.
Some stories are rather disgusting, about strange bacteria and newfound germs.
Some stories are rude, memorable and funny.
Some stories are sad, others humourous, while still others are very noble.
Some stories are self-limited and wind up themselves.
Some stories are shocking, some are funny, but all are a little weird.
Some stories are short for a reason.
Some stories are shorter than others, some jokes get to the punchline faster.
Some stories are simply just exaggerations.
Some stories are simply too good to check.
Some stories are slash.
Some stories are so powerful that many years of work can be undone in a matter of weeks.
Some stories are so powerful that they become myths.
Some stories are so well known that they're practically cliches.
Some stories are technical and numbers-heavy.
Some stories are told by fathers.
Some stories are told by sailors.
Some stories are true that never happened.
Some stories are true.
Some stories are very inspirational.
Some stories are very personal.
Some stories are very sacred, and are only told at certain times of the year.
Some stories are very situational.
Some stories are worse than others, but it's there nevertheless.
Some stories are worth retelling.
Some stories attract attention.
Some stories attract international attention.
Some stories bear repeating, because while everything changes, everything remains the same.
Some stories become first novels.
Some stories become novels.
Some stories buck the trend.
Some stories call for censorship and control over what is available on the Internet.
Some stories can be bizarre, while others quite lucid.
Some stories can be in two or more genres at the same time .
Some stories can be in two or more genres at the same time.
Some stories combine local history and West African roots.
Some stories come alive for the students.
Some stories come easy because they just happen.
Some stories come from girls.
Some stories come from tips from readers or issues brought up in letters to the editor.
Some stories come in the form of recollections of the major participants.
Some stories come to mind.
Some stories come to resolution while others raise questions that await a reply.
Some stories contain events that speak to the author.
Some stories contain graphic pictures.
Some stories contain links to audio of the quotations cited in the story.
Some stories contain links to audio of the quotations cited in the text.
Some stories contain thoughts.
Some stories convey truth in other ways.
Some stories demand a little more digging.
Some stories describe childbirth.
Some stories describe life.
Some stories deserve extraordinary commitment.
Some stories dictate their own terms.
Some stories do place the height at eight stories.
Some stories draw a laugh over a couple of beers.
Some stories draw attention.
Some stories draw national attention.
Some stories emphasize plot, or what happens.
Some stories endure and are transmitted to touch souls elsewhere in profound ways.
Some stories entwine scenes of blushing lust.
Some stories even end up in the same place they started.
Some stories evolve over months while others are one show reports.
Some stories explain existence.
Some stories explain observations.
Some stories fall into more than one category.
Some stories fall into the surreal.
Some stories fit in words, others want some illustration.
Some stories focus on questions of design.
Some stories follow.
Some stories go uncovered or undercovered.
Some stories happen within hours or minutes.
Some stories have a happier ending.
Some stories have a moral to go with the magic.
Some stories have a sexual content, though many are of a romantic nature.
Some stories have appeared, it's true.
Some stories have audio clips.
Some stories have characters that hold to a defiite philosophy.
Some stories have happy endings, others are sad.
Some stories have importance.
Some stories have kinds.
Some stories have links to animated illustrations.
Some stories have materials.
Some stories have more than one problem.
Some stories have movies.
Some stories have performance.
Some stories have pictures and others just have words.
Some stories have the kings placed in the corners instead of on the fourth and fifth files.
Some stories have to be edited to fit.
Some stories have to be told - but silence sings the loudest songs.
Some stories have to wait to be told.
Some stories have tv movies.
Some stories have two or three headings, with type of different sizes.
Some stories have two wheels, others four.
Some stories have very happy endings.
Some stories help authority.
Some stories help parents.
Some stories highlight issues within the legal system.
Some stories illustrate ethical problems.
Some stories illustrate friendships.
Some stories illustrate problems.
Some stories indicate infection.
Some stories indicate shortening or Americanizing the name to make it easier to pronounce.
Some stories indicate that they are the same place just different names.
Some stories inspire joy, while others incite jealousy.
Some stories inspire music, and some stories are enhanced by the musical beat or theme.
Some stories integrate musical responses and in others the songs follow the story.
Some stories involve science.
Some stories just feel so good, it's impossible to be cynical.
Some stories lead to disasters.
Some stories lead to injuries.
Some stories lend themselves well to Web breaking-news coverage.
Some stories look really bad just in the idea.
Some stories make a dragon look fierce and evil.
Some stories make differences.
Some stories make news.
Some stories never die.
Some stories never seem to die.
Some stories occur over a number of weeks, others over months.
Some stories provide energy.
Some stories provide potential.
Some stories provide stories.
Some stories refer to different characters .
Some stories refer to different characters.
Some stories reflect misunderstandings held by individuals in our time.
Some stories repeat, but are still very funny.
Some stories require library research.
Some stories reveal how the law enforcement agencies changed the entertainment economy.
Some stories revolve around a noble choice.
Some stories say that a murdered woman is buried beneath the basement.
Some stories say that the Great One called forth into the darkness and invoked the light.
Some stories say they are tricksters, others say they can bring back the dead.
Some stories seem more like dreary memoirs lacking dramatic interest.
Some stories seem to leap right off the page.
Some stories seem to lend themselves to one technique more than another.
Some stories show power.
Some stories silence their laughter.
Some stories stand alone better than others.
Some stories still separate the women from the boys.
Some stories swap the roles of the characters.
Some stories take more than one lifetime to tell.
Some stories take years to germinate.
Some stories teach new things about construction.
Some stories tie into others, some stand alone, all are hilarious and clever.
Some stories trace it to prisoners during the French Revolution.
Some stories work best with a straight news lead, and good writers come from all walks.
Storybay executives give advice to writers on how to get published and produced.
A storybook is a book
Storybook comfortably accommodates corporate parties, picnics and day retreats.
Storybook is fun, and offers a little more variety than most storybooks.
Storybooks are a great gift for young children.
Storybooks are books.
Storybooks can be one vehicle to breaking stereotypes about aging.
Storybooks Click to view larger images and details.
Storybooks provide more information about the animals.
Storyline method is an innovative instructional model.
Storyline missions are for progress.
A storyline is a plot
Storyline brings learning to real life as the settings take students to exciting places and times.
Storyline develops throughout the game.
Storyline is great.
Storyline is ok.
Storyline is quite simple but intriguing.
Storyline is sacrificed for violence and action.
Storyline is the heart.
Storyline is used in many countries throughout the world.
Storyline is yet to be announced.
Storyline provides a structure that meaningfully integrates curriculum.
Storyline uses a story as the basis for integrating the curriculum.
Storyline varies from other versions.
Storylines are always a problem with shorts.
Storylines are plots.
Storylines are untouchable.
Storylines can be silly at times.
Storylines can go anywhere.
A storyteller is a speaker
Storytellers add to stories their own ideas, which change each story a little.
Storytellers also use tricks.
Storytellers are almost always memorable.
Storytellers are also our teachers.
Storytellers are deaf to one another.
Storytellers are free to come up with their own versions.
Storytellers are in the fantasy business.
Storytellers are liars.
Storytellers are primarily interested in creating games centered around PC-initiated issues.
Storytellers are the oceans that hold the lands together.
Storytellers are tribal elders passing on the stories and legends of the tribe to the children.
Storytellers are very interesting.
Storytellers can always resort to depicting without inflection the havoc any behavior can wr eak.
Storytellers can be actors.
Storytellers can be people, animals or even made-up creatures.
Storytellers can draft a story the same way writers draft.
Storytellers can motivate and encourage others by sharing their successes and experiences.
Storytellers can place their art form on the character education agenda.
Storytellers continue to add new stories and new characters to the legend.
Storytellers fascinate the crowds with oral history and tales of adventure.
Storytellers gather around the world to bring stories to their friends and neighbors.
Storytellers greet locals and tourists.
Storytellers have their own styles, differing widely.
Storytellers have to search themselves for stories, since the stories are personal.
Storytellers is a great cd for all types of music fans.
Storytellers is a small, closed workshop list for writers of fiction.
Storytellers know how to find characters to work with.
Storytellers makes fine, enjoyable reading.
Storytellers pass on their cultures' traditions by telling the stories of the past.
Storytellers play with time and space.
Storytellers Read stories to children from the community and plan other related activities.
Storytellers share the legacies, legends and histories of a distinguished and proud people.
Storytellers share the legacies, legends, and histories of native tribes.
Storytellers speak their ftin and wisdom.
Storytellers swap tales to develop skills.
Storytellers tell folktales as the create origami to illustrate the stories.
Storytellers think in stories.
Storytellers travel light.
Storytellers use story tricks like the haystack and the lance obviously because they work.
Storytellers often feel alone, isolated.
Storytellers often makes their readers a confidant.
All storytellers are appropriators and liars.
All storytellers use one or the other.
Any storyteller needs to be good at instantial thinking.
Every storyteller has their own way of telling and reworks the old tales.
Many storytellers read the tale aloud to hear the rhythm and flow of the language.
Some storytellers are strongly against the use of any objects, puppets, costumes, bells, etc.
Some storytellers tell stories from their own imagination.
Storytime kits are available for use by pre-school educators and daycare providers.
Storytime programs are very popular.
Storytime sessions begin.
Stout boots are essential.
Stout perennial herbs reach height.
Stout points arise from the dorsal and lateral surfaces and from the front of the head.
Many stout roots are produced by the rosette.
Some stout taproots have high water.
Some stout taproots have water.
Stout is ale.
Stout is beers.
Stout is size
Stout is size.
Stouts are stronger kinds of mild ale.
Stouts are the darker, heavier cousins of porter.
Stouts can be either sweet or dry in taste.
Stouts can be sweet or bitter, even coffee-ish in taste.
Stouts range in taste from dry, velvety, and roasted to sweet, thick, creamy, and chocolatey.
Stove top has faucet and knobs that turn for realistic play.
Stove top is a modern flat smooth ceramic hot plate.
A stove is a kitchen appliance
Stove comes with five packs of fuel. .
Stove comes with pots built in.
Stove features movable control knobs and four realistic burners.
Stove is considered loud while the burner is on.
Stove is excluded from listing.
Stove is made of wood.
Stove isa commodity.
Stove isa goods.
Stove works great.
Stoves also allow for cooking inside a tent, if necessary.
Stoves also lessen emissions of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide.
Stoves are again mandatory.
Stoves are available in both gold door and black door models.
Stoves are available in some halls.
Stoves are devices.
Stoves are electrics.
Stoves are excellent for cooking on canoe trips.
Stoves are fast and eliminate firewood availability as a camp site selection concern.
Stoves are fast and eliminate firewood availability as a campsite selection concern.
Stoves are faster and more convenient.
Stoves are heaters.
Stoves are hot.
Stoves are included.
Stoves are indeed hot.
Stoves are kitchen appliances.
Stoves are located in apartments.
Stoves are located in houses.
Stoves are located in living rooms.
Stoves are located in tents.
Stoves are more dependable in bad weather and are less harmful to the environment.
Stoves are now almost essential equipment for minimum impact camping.
Stoves are now almost essential equipment for minimum-impact camping.
Stoves are the best option.
Stoves are traditionally the symbolic sources of fortune because food is cooked there.
Stoves are used for boiling water.
Stoves are used for cooking.
Stoves are used for cooks.
Stoves are used for warming food.
Stoves are usually propane powered, with tanks that are replaced when empty by the propane company.
Stoves burn inefficiently in an enclosed space with inadequate oxygen.
Stoves come in steel, cast iron, and soapstone.
Stoves come with a choice of cook tops and features which promise to make meal preparation a snap.
Stoves come with one full tank of white gas.
Stoves cook meals.
Stoves have (part) bases.
Stoves have (part) grates.
Stoves have (part) sections.
Stoves have flames.
Stoves have new technology now.
Stoves have surfaces.
Stoves made from clay are the most popular as they can be locally produced.
Stoves operate in almost any weather condition, and they leave no trace.
Stoves produce carbon monoxide.
Stoves require virtually no clean up when used properly.
Stoves require virtually no cleanup when used properly.
Stoves serve a range of different purposes.
All stoves are self-lighting.
All stoves consume oxygen.
All stoves have a single jet that all the gas vapor blows out from.
Many stoves are multipurpose and can burn wood or logs.
Most stoves also have firebricks or metal plates to prevent burnout.
Most stoves come with such a needle as a separate tool.
Most stoves have a bottom drawer.
Most stoves have flames.
Most stoves have surfaces.
Most stoves provide a switch to select between the broiler and the oven.
Most stoves require some sort of periodic maintenance.
Most stoves use a mixture of fuel to perform better in colder temperatures.
Some stoves are multi-fuel , while others can only use the manufacturers refined fuel.
Some stoves come equipped with a windscreen and fuel bottle.
Some stoves have a flame shield in front of the catalytic combustor.
Some stoves have a large heating capacity.
Some stoves have a safety release valve in the cap.
Stowage is charge
Stowage is provided under all bunks and settees with bins above the port settee.
Stowage is provided under all bunks and the settee for clothing, food and drinks.
StowAway pots convert instantly from dry food carriers to cooking pots.
A stowaway is a passenger
Stowaway isa passenger.
Stowaways are part of the normal life of seafarers.
Stowaways have (part) arms.
Stowaways have (part) body substances.
Stowaways have (part) cell membranes.
Stowaways have (part) cells.
Stowaways have (part) corpi.
Stowaways have (part) cytoplasm.
Stowaways have (part) heads.
Stowaways have (part) human bodies.
Stowaways have (part) legs.
Stowaways have (part) material bodies.
Stowaways have (part) necks.
Stowaways have (part) nuclei.
Stowaways have (part) personality.
Stowaways have (part) plasma membranes.
Stowaways have (part) sections.
Stowaways have (part) vacuoles.
Stowaways have desire.
Stowaways survive flight.
Stowaways often try to hide identification papers in cabins etc.
Stowaways usually board ships illicitly when they are in a foreign port.
Most stowaways have desire.
Most stowaways survive flight.
Some stowaways fall to death.
Some stowaways freeze to death.
Strabismus surgery is based on television analysis and orthoptic testing of ocular motility.
Strabismus surgery is usually a safe and effective treatment for eye misalignment.
Strabismus is abnormalities.
Strabismus is an abnormality
Strabismus is diseases.
Strabismus occurs most often in young children.
Strabismus refers to any misalignment of the eyes.
Most strabismus caused by microvascular insults get better with time.
Straight allies are also welcome.
A straight angle is an unit
Straight angles look like a straight line.
Straight barbells are straight rods with balls threaded onto each end.
Straight beams can also target remote devices that add interest to the show.
Straight blades are better for infants and small children.
Straight blades produce regular chips while rippled blades produce ridged potato chips.
Straight bottom falls to approximately mid-hip length.
Straight boys kiss queer girls who kiss queer boys who kiss straight girls.
Straight carbohydrates are white flour and refined sugar.
Straight character can change roles.
Straight chassis are used for sprint racing.
Straight chiropractors attempt to restore the flow of innate intelligence with spinal manipulation.
Straight chloroform is sufficient.
Straight commission is the safest kind of compensation.
Straight connectors consist of straight lines connecting each vertex.
Straight conveyors are preferable to curved conveyors.
Straight counts are just fine.
Straight couples can use case law and statutes to untangle their relationships and property.
Straight couples have a myriad of options for their celebration.
Straight cuts can turn a boring home movie into a compelling work of art.
Straight cuts play back in real-time.
Straight cuts radiate up to meet the swag design to bring stunning light through the bowl.
Straight cutting is preferred to swathing.
Straight debt is a bit out of fashion, but structured equity linked debt is the new force.
Straight donations are also welcome.
Straight drafts require a few steals at the late portion of the draft.
Straight edges jump and ring excessively.
Straight edgers listen to both straight edge hardcore as well as non-straight edge hardcore.
Straight equity makes more sense.
Straight eyes is a valuable asset that patients deserve.
Straight fairies are wicked because they understand irony.
Straight feathers are dominant to curly feathers .
Straight flight means flying in a constant heading, or direction.
Straight flights are easier to negotiate than curved or dogleg flights.
Straight flour is similar to all purpose flour found in grocer stores.
A straight flush is a poker hand
Straight flushes are devastating, but uncommon.
Straight footage is better than highlights, and still cameras are better than moving.
Straight formula is a useful principle when making ball bearings.
Straight frame makes for awkward foot positioning.
Straight frame makes for awkward foot positions.
Straight guys are told by their wives and their wives' gynecologists to butt out, so they do.
Straight hair becomes curled, blonde hair becomes red.
Straight hair is always in style.
Straight hair is circular, or nearly circular in cross section.
Straight hair is common in people living in colder climates as it keeps the neck and head warm.
Straight hair is round, wavy hairs are oval, kinky and curly hairs are usually flat.
Straight hair is the essence.
Straight hair lies flat because it's round and grows out of round follicles.
Straight hair warms the head and neck.
Straight hairs have a round shape, and wavy and curly hairs are flat.
Straight hedges straighten and bent branches bow More in hard outline against frost-white ground.
Straight hitters can score well and avoid the river and four ponds.
Straight hitters looking for more distance often try to increase their turn.
Most straight hitters get power only from the upper body.
Straight holders can also be bent by the user to satisfy a particular applications.
Straight interference is interesting.
Straight journalism is some of the hardest work imaginable.
Straight jumps involve repeated jumps skyward.
Straight leg raises.
Straight legs make for hard falls, a lot of spray, and poor body position.
A straight line is a line
Straight line is formed from left arm down the shaft.
Straight line is is always the best route.
Straight line is obscenely rapid.
Straight line joining sun and planet sweeps out equal areas in equal intervals of time.
Straight lines appear curved or wavy.
Straight lines appear wavy or crooked.
Straight lines appear wavy or slanted.
Straight lines are always perfectly straight.
Straight lines are and .
Straight lines are at best suspect, at worst, harmful.
Straight lines are bent away from the center of the image, so a rectangle looks like a barrel.
Straight lines are characteristic of types or periods of furniture.
Straight lines are essential here.
Straight lines are for vegetable gardening.
Straight lines are least-squares best fit.
Straight lines are lines.
Straight lines are manifolds.
Straight lines are out, decentralization is in.
Straight lines are paths of shortest distance.
Straight lines are preferred.
Straight lines are rigid, formal and undesirable.
Straight lines are still a problem.
Straight lines are straight.
Straight lines are taboo, at least in action.
Straight lines are the shortest distance between two points.
Straight lines begin to appear crooked.
Straight lines can appear curved or wavy.
Straight lines can help emphasize an angled plane in drawings that have depth.
Straight lines connect data points.
Straight lines emanating from the upper left corner are lines of constant descent angle.
Straight lines go wavy.
Straight lines have constant slope.
Straight lines have the exactly the same slope at all points along the line.
Straight lines Know simple properties of quadratic functions.
Straight lines lend an orderly, more formal tone.
Straight lines look wavy or broken.
Straight lines make gardening easier.
Straight lines make the plotting and tracking simple.
Straight lines mean that the classes are directly linked together into one executable.
Straight lines remain straight, and parallel lines are still parallel.
Straight lines represent the shortest screen distance between two points.
All straight lines are random.
All straight lines circle sometime.
Any straight line is projected as a straight line under any projective transform.
Every straight line has a slope.
Straight living requires it, too.
A straight man is a performer
Straight man erotica about.
Straight man erotica.
Straight man gets pie in face.
Straight men are performers.
Straight men are scared of gay men.
Straight men are violent when intimidated.
Straight men can dance.
Straight men consider bi's gay, and gay men consider bi's confused.
Straight men seem to be good at building buildings.
Straight men seem to have no respect for lesbian relationships.
Straight men sleep with women.
Straight men suck cock, too.
Many straight men call women they're attracted to cute.
Many straight marriages end up in divorce.
Straight mono works fine for leader material and it's cheaper than buying tapered leaders.
Straight mouldings are available that match the profiles of the arches.
Straight oils offer superior lubrication properties when compared to coolants.
Straight ones represent light, and wavy ones heath.
Many straight parents abuse their children.
Straight parts are out.
Straight pathways called ley lines emerge from ancient British mythology.
Straight people are welcome to visit, get informed, and ask questions.
Straight people can and do fist.
Straight people can be just as guilty.
Straight people can be queer.
Straight people have a lot more to lose.
Straight people have no monopoly on morality.
Straight people know it.
Straight people live in a world where being straight is the norm and obviously fully accepted.
Straight people make no sense.
Straight people use the restaurant at night.
Some straight people live gay lifestyles because of some early hurt.
A straight person is a person
Straight person is great.
Straight pipes have no curve to the shank or stem while bents do.
Straight pods approx.
Straight poles are cheap and adequate for most skiers.
Straight pool is a call-pocket game .
Straight pool is a call-pocket game.
Straight pool is different .
Straight pool is different.
Straight pool is excellent practice for all pool games.
Straight posture implies self-confidence and self control.
Straight rain imagines nothing else.
Straight ramps place too much stress on the ligaments of the knee.
Straight rate is neutral and works well for most riding.
Straight requirements act regardless of condition.
Straight roads gather and speed chi, just as a straight channel carries water swiftly downhill.
Straight roads seem to beget straight thoughts.
Straight runs are fine.
Straight runs offer less resistance than runs with elbows and bends.
Straight salt is more efficient and economical.
Straight sections are fiberglass.
Straight sections are solid urethane insulation.
Straight sequences are most appropriate for training sites.
Straight sex is unnatural.
Straight shoulders are a fault.
Some straight sides meet bottoms.
Some straight sides meet flat bottoms.
Straight sidewalls provide stability.
Straight skis seem to be following leather boots into extinction.
Straight society has many more social outlets.
Straight society is seen as polite but lacking in meaningful commitment and emotional depth.
Straight spokes are also harder to lace up, and tend to revolve when the nipple is turned.
Straight standards are massive.
Straight steel backed floor rubber to assure a clean swath.
Straight stifles are objectionable.
Straight swimming is rewarded more than swimming in circles.
Straight talk Be specific when setting rules, prevention experts advise.
Straight talk enables the whole group to learn and move forward.
Straight talk is in order.
Straight talk is so seductive.
Straight Talk Listen to what industry leaders have to say.
Straight talk sends high-maintenance employees into a tailspin.
Straight tan is a champagne.
Straight tea is popular than tea with milk or sugar in China .
Straight tea is popular than tea with milk or sugar in China.
Straight terminals are available for manual insertion.
Straight text can be boring to anyone if it continues page after page.
Straight text is hard to read on the web, and students quickly lose focus.
Straight text looks formidable.
Straight text works best.
Straight ticklers can buy a bevy of magazines and videos mostly depicting women tickling each other.
Straight ties come in fat, thin and regular widths.
Straight teeth are easier to care for, more comfortable and have better function.
Straight teeth are easier to keep clean and healthy.
Straight teeth are easier to keep clean and less susceptible to tooth decay and gum disease.
Straight teeth make for prettier smiles, too.
Straight track is tabulated in total feet.
Straight tracks are fast, but forgettable.
Straight training is adaptable to many different settings.
Straight translations are available via links on the main page .
Straight translations tend to distort more than they reveal.
Straight truncation introduces unwanted artifacts such as distortion and noise modulation.
Some straight tubes extend from mouths.
Straight vinegar is also great for cleaning the toilet rim.
Straight water can be too harsh on the roots.
Straight water provides no freezing, boilover or corrosion protection.
Straight whiskey includes mixtures of straight whiskeys of the same type produced in the same state.
Straight whiskey is absorbed more rapidly into the blood stream.
Straight woman erotica.
Straight women are slightly more at risk than straight men.
Straight women discard the BAD ones, one at a time, as each man screws up.
Straight women hopes to create family with gay man.
Straight women pretend to be lesbians.
A straight is a poker hand
Straights are a minority in the crowd, though they are welcome to attend.
Straights are poker hands.
Straights can already choose from many leagues in virtually every sport.
Straights make fun of gays.
Straights run from three up to ace only.
Straights vary in terms of nutrient composition.
Most straights end up seeing more patients, simply because practicing straight chiropractic is fun.
Straightened hair sends powerful messages to their psyche.
Straightened hooks are also a culprit.
A straightener is a device
Straighteners too have to be reapplied with to new growth.
Straightforward approach is also good layout is clean and easy on the eyes.
Straightforward comments are best.
Straightforward controls make preset selection and fine tuning a breeze.
Straightforward design makes entry and calculation simple.
Straightforward glances indicate honesty and a desire to work.
Straightforward installation takes only one minute.
Straightforward interface integrates seamlessly with a written gradebook.
Straightforward interface provides easy access to advanced controls.
Straightforward language avoids cryptic abbreviations and acronyms.
Straightforward narrative is abandoned for the evocation of moods and atmosphere.
Straightforward resumes get results.
Straightforward site sells computers software consumables, digital imaging and more.
Straightforward solutions are elusive.
Any straightforward solution are highly desired.
Straightforward text simplifies the reading process - short sentences encourage the child to read.
Straightforward words Seem paradoxical.
Strain fields produce discharge.
Strain fields produce electromagnetic discharge.
Strain relief is provided.
Strain relief prevents a pull from being transmitted to the wire or terminal screws.
Strain reliefs are absolutely essential.
Strain variation determines effectiveness.
Strain accumulates in the Earth along faults by the movement of tectonic plates.
Strain accumulates in the earth along faults from the movement of tectonic plates.
Strain attributes much of the success of the program to getting the word out about checkpoints.
Strain berries through a sieve.
Strain berries to remove seeds.
Strain catalogs for the long-term experiment and other experiments derived from it.
Strain increases airway smooth muscle contractile and cytoskeletal proteins in vitro.
Strain is a deformation
Strain is deformations.
Strain is diseases.
Strain is effort.
Strain is injuries.
Strain is nervousness.
Strain juices and pour into a gravy boat.
Strain juices from roasting pan and combine in a saucepan with remaining strained marinade.
Strain juices into a small saucepan.
Strain leaves and pour tea into a vacuum flask.
Strain nuts over sink on paper towel to remove excess moisture.
Strain soak water into saucepan and heat.
Strain spices fom half and half, discard, add half and half to broth and heat through.
Strain whites through a sieve.
Strains are a stretch, rip or tear in the muscle or tendon.
Strains are a stretch, tear, or rupture of the fibers of muscle or tendons.
Strains are also evident in South Korea, Asia's third largest economy after Japan and China.
Strains are amazing and colorful.
Strains are available free of charge for scientific research.
Strains are avalable for most wine or grape types.
Strains are cheap to breed and can be frozen.
Strains are completely stable.
Strains are families or breeding populations possessing the same common traits.
Strains are injuries to muscles.
Strains are injuries to tendons or muscles.
Strains are injuries to the muscles.
Strains are muscle injuries and occur between joints.
Strains are selected for mass production for controlling caterpillars of agricultural pests.
Strains are tears or stretches in the muscle fibers or the tendons that connect muscles to bones.
Strains are therefore an absolutely essential part of bacterial identification .
Strains are therefore an absolutely essential part of bacterial identification.
Strains are used in laboratory experiments .
Strains are used in laboratory experiments.
Strains are usually the result of the use of excessive muscular force.
Strains are, however, evident and delays are increasing.
Strains can be acute or chronic.
Strains can occur from lifting too heavy a weight, swinging a gold club too far, or sprinting.
Strains can occur in any area of the body - back, neck, leg, shoulder, etc.
Strains differ in tropisms, tendency to disseminate, and virulence.
Strains happen to muscles, ligaments or tendons.
Strains occur when a muscle is stretched or partially torn.
Strains occur when our muscles and the ligaments of our joints are overworked or used incorrectly.
Strains occur when the muscles and ligaments around a joint are overworked or used incorrectly.
Strains produce a haemolysin, causing beta-haemolysis.
Strains refer to stretched or torn muscle or tendon tissue.
Strains repeatedly arise against which the current vaccines are less effective or ineffective.
Strains Rest the injured area.
Strains take a long time to heal.
Strains vary in virulence.
Strains often become less self-fertile with time, especially with repeated subculturing.
Strains often cause microscopic tears in the ligaments.
Strains often occur in the neck, back, thigh and calf.
Strains sometimes contain multiple library plasmids.
Strains usually begin with a sudden, sharp pain that later becomes stiff or sore.
Strains usually involve the muscles in the neck, back, thigh, or the back of the lower leg.
Strains usually occur after a sudden movement that pulls or twists the body violently.
Strains usually result from over-use.
All strain is taken up by using mason's line.
All strains appear to have arisen locally except for one strain imported from the United Kingdom.
All strains are curable but the disease is becoming increasingly resistant to standard medications.
All strains can grow on many mono and disaccharides.
All strains can use glucose, mannose, fructose, or glycerol as the sole carbon source.
All strains produce the identical toxin and are capable of colonizing the throat.
Many strains are available.
Many strains are harmless although some can cause serious illnesses.
Many strains are susceptible to minocycline.
Many strains can cause human infection.
Many strains can denitrify.
Many strains have limited and infrequent demand.
Most strains also require pantothenate for full growth.
Most strains are capable of producing one or more enterotoxins.
Most strains are gentle when handled under the proper conditions.
Most strains are harmless but some can be deadly.
Most strains are harmless, but some can be deadly.
Most strains are obligate anaerobes.
Most strains are penicillinase producers and some are methicillin resistant.
Most strains are quite winter hardy.
Most strains are resistant to cefuroxime.
Most strains can grow on inorganic nitrogen agar and few can reduce nitrate.
Most strains live in the intestines of healthy animals and humans and usually are harmless.
Most strains produce catalase and liquify gelatin and many produce beta-lactamase and oxidase.
Most strains remain sensitive to penicillin.
Most strains show clear separation between the clusters.
Some strain is released aseismically.
Some strains also require sterols for growth, another unusal property.
Some strains appear to produce totally disorganized expression patterns.
Some strains are axenic.
Some strains are better than others.
Some strains are capable of producing a group mycotoxins - in the aflatoxin group.
Some strains are especially prone to mold at high humidity.
Some strains are good layers while others are bred principally for meat.
Some strains are known to take longer to reach the next stage.
Some strains are larger than others are.
Some strains are more peaceful and can sometimes be kept in groups.
Some strains are much more virulent .
Some strains are multi- drug resistant.
Some strains are resistant to penicillin and require more intensive treatments.
Some strains are resistant to various antiviral drugs.
Some strains are sharper than others.
Some strains are specific to humans, whilst others only exist in different animals.
Some strains attempt to bypass early virus detection software.
Some strains can be dangerous, especially in undercooked meat.
Some strains can cause gastroenteritis.
Some strains can lead to cervical cancer.
Some strains can outmatch many previously effective antibiotics.
Some strains can reoccur, especially in the neck or back.
Some strains cause dangerous, even life-threatening, infections.
Some strains detect nucleic acid substitution while another detects frame-shift mutations.
Some strains develop traits that can be harmful to a host animal.
Some strains even require up to fifteen weeks.
Some strains form football-shaped spots with light green or gray borders and green centers.
Some strains fortunately remain sensitive to gentamicin.
Some strains have data on the number of eggs produced.
Some strains have hip dysplasia.
Some strains have multiple medicine resistance.
Some strains have the ability to suppress some tumor activity.
Some strains infect the system file with an 'INIT' instead of creating an extension file for it.
Some strains lay eggs of a dark brown shell color.
Some strains prefer birds, others favor pigs, still others flourish with a human host.
Some strains produce a haemolysin.
Some strains produce antibiotic factors.
Some strains produce both toxins and are of high toxicity.
Some strains produce green colonies with little or no darkening of surrounding medium.
Some strains produce small amounts of gas from glucose.
Some strains produce small bulbils in the juncture of the leaves.
Some strains produce soluble pigment which appears white under ultraviolet light.
Some strains raise cervical cancer risk.
Some strains require growth factors.
Strained cereals being the first foods that are offered to baby, vegetables come next.
Strained interpretations result in misrepresentation.
Strained relations continue between civil society and high military command.
Strained relationships are common in families of alcoholics.
A strainer is a filter
Strainer isa device.
Strainers are filters.
Strainers are kitchen tools.
Strainers are paddle-shaped with slots for the liquid to drain through.
Strainers are the cheapest insurance against plugged traps.
Strainers are trees and parts of trees or posts which are submerged and subject to strong currents.
Strainers can be a problem.
Strainers have (part) sections.
Strainers help prevent dirt from damaging traps.
Strainers usually have vents for releasing air from the system.
Most strainers have a blade mechanism that can be turned by hand.
A strait is a channel
Straits are the converse of isthmuses .
Straits connect separate seas and divide the territory of states.
Many straits are economically important .
Many straits are economically important.
Most straits have strong secondary flows, across or counter to the main flow.
Some straits have the potential to generate significant tidal power using tidal stream turbines .
A straitjacket is a garment
Straitjackets are no laughing matter.
Straits Settlements do feature tigers on some of their revenue issues.
A strake is a board
Strakes lend control when nose pitches much higher than direction of flight.
Strand lines resemble a bath tub ring of aligned cobbles, pebbles and sand, at various lake levels.
A strand is a form
Strand also believes education is vitally important.
Strand also produces a range of teaching aids for schools drama.
Strand contends that parents build cooperation by tapping into things their children like.
Strand Filling Strand filling compounds are either semi-conductive or insulating materials.
Strand has a long, rich history of providing rock solid equipment to the entertainment industry.
Strand has a remarkable way of coming through to writers in the making.
Strand has several more plays in progress.
Strand is a fire behaviour analyst from neighbouring Washington State.
Strand is at the forefront of lighting technology.
Strand is completely fluent in the Nuristani language.
Strand is distinguishable because it did involve a transportation use of the vehicle.
Strand is enlarged on each side of barb to prevent movement.
Strand is into recovered memory therapy.
Strand is the start of the Garden Route.
Strand is the woman and vision matured.
Strand isa pattern.
Strand remains above it all.
Strand returns to righteousness.
Strand says physician assistants do their work under supervision of a practicing physician.
Strand says there are many instances in nature where parasitic wasps provide natural pest control.
Strand teaches courses on gender, film, and contemporary French literature.
Strand uses logic variables to handle communication and synchronization.
Strand writes well, with a sense of humor.
Strands are a means to focus the content of in-service.
Strands are antiparallel.
Strands are basic components that are included at every grade level throughout the framework.
Strands are categories of knowledge such as reading, writing, measurement, or economics.
Strands are forms.
Strands are lines.
Strands are part of west ends.
Strands are right hand ordinary lay.
Strands are shores.
Strands comprise galvanized steel wires, which are protected by wax and hdpe coating.
Strands grow on roots toward the soil surface.
Strands have a 'lay' depending on whether the cordlets are twisted clockwise or anticlock-wise.
Strands lie together in sheets.
Strands surround a root and grow toward the soil surface.
Strand often receives credit for introducing Cubist ideas to photography.
Strands often divide near the surface to form a thick canopy.
All strands are a gorgeous robin's egg blue.
All strands are precision polished to a uniform diameter.
Every strand is valuable.
Many strands show connection with the epidermis.
More strands usually means smoother acceleration.
More strands are available on request.
Some strands are continuous, others are from several snakes.
Some strands become templates.
Some strands break, others become jumbled and result in vulnerability under stress.
Some strands contain proteins.
Some strands require a course based residential school attendance.
Strandeds are songs.
Strandeds are video games.
Strange alliances appear and disappear as family members confront each other and exchange roles.
Strange alliances begin to form.
Strange animal is lubra belong whitefella.
Strange animals have legs.
Most strange animals have legs.
Strange attractor is a point
Strange attractor is attractor.
Strange attractors act like normal attractors in that they are confined to a finite area.
Strange attractors are attractors which are themselves fractal.
Strange attractors are different, they are an integral part of chaos.
Strange attractors are extremely complex, and they describe extremely complex behavior.
Strange attractors are mathematical objects which exhibit somewhat unusual properties.
Strange attractors are the order within the chaos that describes the essence of all chaos itself.
Strange attractors delineate the tendency of subsequent generations to resemble their ancestors.
Strange attractors exist even in low dimensional systems.
Strange Attractors have a orderly appearance.
Some strange attractors have a fractal structure.
Strange bedfellows make strange bedfellows all too often.
Strange behavior is a symptom of the disorder.
Strange behavior is common with foreigners.
Strange behavior is symptom of the disorder.
Strange behavior is typically an unprovoked attack.
Strange behavior reveals behavior.
Many strange behaviors manifest themselves out of nervousness.
Most strange behavior reveals behavior.
Strange beings stalk the earth, baring their fangs and ripping each other's flesh.
Some strange birds have close relatives.
Some strange birds have relatives.
Strange carvings made by centuries of wind and dust form unusual sights.
Strange characters do bizarre things that make no sense.
Strange characters visit a deserted house.
Strange chat sounds and answer machine problems.
Strange colours appear after staring hard at a picture.
Strange combinations are the best, like lox and braunschwieger, or bacon and duck pate.
Strange computer sounds.
Strange creatures are welcome if their outlines are clear.
Strange creatures have claws.
Strange creatures have fierce claws.
Strange creatures live in the sewers.
Strange creatures rise from the depths of the ocean and attack mankind.
Strange creatures roam that jungle and strange things happen there.
Strange creatures spend whole nights in it, at certain seasons of the year.
Many strange creatures live in underground sea.
Most strange creatures have claws.
Most strange creatures have fierce claws.
Some strange creatures resemble scorpions.
Strange crystals give great power.
Strange Days Are Here Again.
Strange debris is washed up and the natives make of it what they can.
Strange devices adorn the shelves.
Some strange diseases kill moose.
Strange errors happen, like dialog boxes coming up partly drawn, etc.
Strange errors occur when attempting installation of just about anything.
Strange events evoke the biggest variety of responses.
Strange events start happening.
Strange events take places.
Most strange events take places.
Strange experiences are as easy to come by as breathtaking ones.
Strange figures are around doing martial-arts moves.
Strange files appear or disappear in directories owned by the user.
Strange fire is no new thing today.
Strange flesh means a linking between angelic flesh and human flesh.
Strange flowers grow there.
Strange gems give great power.
Strange hours lead to a dull social life.
Strange humor abounds.
Strange ideas fill the scientific literature.
Strange Individuals Welcome to the IMDb guide to Documentary movies.
Strange infatuation seems to grace the evening tide.
Strange inhabitants live in unexpected places.
Strange items enter the house.
Strange lights flash in the air.
Strange lights glow in the graveyard.
Strange lights show from afar but disappear up close.
Some strange limbs grow on every family tree.
Strange look animals have legs.
Strange look trees grow in areas.
Strange machines left by the aliens still function performing unknown tasks.
Strange men are OK though.
Strange matter contains particles.
Most strange matter contains particles.
Strange messages appear on screen.
Strange metaphors seem to do the trick.
Strange monsters swim in the ocean and deep lakes.
Strange news has come to town, strange news is carried.
Strange noises sound a shrill fear.
All strange numbers are prime.
Strange objects fall from the sky.
Strange objects hang on the walls.
Strange oddities occur time and again in the computations.
Strange people trundle around the lifeless places like stalkers in search of weird objects.
Strange phenomenon occur to almost every first time user.
Strange pollen is in the air.
Strange portents appear in the cloud-covered sky.
Strange problems can result from a boot disk volume that is full.
Strange puzzles emerge from the bowels of archeological excavations.
A strange quark is a quark
Strange quarks are a few hundred mega-electron volts.
Strange quarks have a property known as strangeness .
Strange quarks have a property known as strangeness.
Strange requests come in the fan mail of movie stars.
Strange sex is perverted and bizarre, but real fun.
Strange shadows follow the kids around.
Strange shapes cloud the mottled waves as the assault on the shoreline begins.
Strange sounds begin to shape, and in some cases warp the young boy's impressionable years.
Strange sounds coming from the walls and once the sound is located it stops.
Strange sounds envelop the swamp.
Strange spaceships emerge .
Some strange stuff ends up here.
Some strange stuff happens sometimes.
Strange symbols show up at random .
Strange symbols show up at random.
Strange tensions mar the relationships between the members of the expedition.
Strange thing is that nobody knows what happens with the cocaine produced.
Strange thing is that there are no errors on the console or in the syslog.
Strange thing is the anniversary seems to have brought it all back.
Strange thing is, company seems happy with the result.
Strange thing is, some pictures look great on CD and wack as photo and vice versa.
Strange things are afoot on the Internet.
Strange things are afoot.
Strange things are indeed afoot in the subdivision here.
Strange things begin happening as soon as a father makes the bedtime announcement.
Strange things begin to happen almost immediately.
Strange things begin to happen as they investigate their friends' disappearance.
Strange things begin to happen soon after the move.
Strange things begin to happen to the club members and slowly the events become more horrifying.
Strange things begin to happen when three new staff members arrive at the mansion.
Strange things begin to happen, and continue throughout the voyage.
Strange things begin to happen.
Strange things begin to occur.
Strange things can happen and systems can crash.
Strange things can happen for other reasons as well.
Strange things can happen if the bond radius is made larger than the atom radii.
Strange things can happen, and they usually do.
Strange things can happen.
Strange things DO happen to time in the quantum world, however.
Strange things do happen.
Strange things grow beneath Jupiter such as plants that produce cells required for survival.
Strange things happen - the two women find themselves in the room of the other.
Strange things happen all around, all around, all around.
Strange things happen all around.
Strange things happen around the winter solstice, they say.
Strange things happen as Toru searches for both through Tokyo's suburbs.
Strange things happen at bridges.
Strange things happen at the one-two points.
Strange things happen at tournament time.
Strange things happen but they have a way of working themselves out.
Strange things happen during revolutions.
Strange things happen here in an extreme wind shear model.
Strange things happen in a credit bubble.
Strange things happen in Indian cricket.
Strange things happen in Lent.
Strange things happen in primaries.
Strange things happen in the desert.
Strange things happen in the fullness of time.
Strange things happen in the land of the midnight sun.
Strange things happen in turf wars from time to time, even between mismatched adversaries.
Strange things happen on the net.
Strange things happen out there among the pixels and bytes.
Strange things happen to colors and patterns, too.
Strange things happen to computers.
Strange things happen to Mars probes.
Strange things happen to men who fight in wars.
Strange things happen to people when they look in a mirror.
Strange things happen to some people once they get elected.
Strange things happen when a lot of time goes by before contacting witnesses.
Strange things happen when money starts moving.
Strange things happen when students enter the workplace.
Strange things happen when the group gets an opportunity to turn back the clock.
Strange things happen when the hour gets late.
Strange things happen when the human impact of the War on Drugs is conveyed to people.
Strange things happen when too many or too few of the little fellows get together.
Strange things happen, also in the realm of words.
Strange things happen, but in the end love is triumphant.
Strange things happen, however - things that, when the mystery is finally resolved, all make sense.
Strange things happen, like listings disappearing for no apparent reason.
Strange things happen.
Strange things keep happening.
Strange things lie that way tho.
Strange things occur at the moment of birth.
Strange things occur in dreams.
Strange things occur in the imagination.
Strange things occurs when it winds around large submerged rocks.
Strange things seem to be happening everywhere.
Strange things seem to be happening.
Strange things seem to occur in the house.
Strange things start happening as the temperature of the processor and other components rises.
Strange things start happening at the school.
Strange things start happening.
Strange things start to happen and they think the inn is haunted.
Strange things start to happen around the ranch.
Strange things start to happen to young couples in the college while they are out alone at night.
Strange things tend to happen.
Many strange things happen with falling objects due to the effects of gravity being cancelled out.
Some strange things happen near absolute zero.
Some strange things happen now as they did then.
Some strange things happen.
Strange thoughts arise unsummoned, and the mystery of all things strives for utterance.
Strange thoughts flourish in the soil of our self-consciousness.
Strange time signatures thwart that foot tapping.
Strange times lead to strange oxymorons.
Strange tubing makes getting aftermarket pads a real nightmare.
Strange visitor seduces members of a wealthy family one by one - including the males.
Strange visitors promising adventure, check.
Strange voices seem to be calling from points unknown.
Strange weapons are available in the form of a jump welly and wibbly-wobbly vehicles.
Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government.
Stranges are quarks.
Strangely visitors are always scarce during the sanding phases.
Strangeness becomes a threat.
Strangeness is basically a resistance to decay against strong force and electromagnetism .
Strangeness is basically a resistance to decay against strong force and electromagnetism.
Strangeness is flavor.
Strangeness is one of the hallmarks of great popular art.
Strangeness is quality
Strangeness is well known for it's electricity mines.
A stranger is an intruder
Stranger aim until an green bay packers jersey.
Stranger aim until an roller hockey.
Stranger begin the white clouds innocent stranger.
Stranger begins familiarly enough.
Stranger comes to door and walks right in.
Stranger compare an adventure racing in beginning.
Stranger costing beside an note after recommends lawn mower engine repair.
Stranger crouches down.
Stranger here try'n' to have fun.
Stranger still is the fact that they want to emulate each other.
Strangers are bad.
Strangers are being.
Strangers are books.
Strangers are dangerous, untrustworthy, and opportunists.
Strangers are different.
Strangers are highly visible in the neighborhood.
Strangers are in their places.
Strangers are intruders.
Strangers are just friends waiting to happen.
Strangers are likely more objective in evaluating a program.
Strangers are located in bus stations.
Strangers are located in cities.
Strangers are located in crowds.
Strangers are located in paradises.
Strangers are located in parks.
Strangers are located in stores.
Strangers are located in streets.
Strangers are located in towns.
Strangers are located in traffic.
Strangers are located in train stations.
Strangers are more likely than nonstrangers to use firearms.
Strangers are more likely to be boring than dangerous.
Strangers are nice and mean, pretty and ugly, rich and poor.
Strangers are people whose paths have never crossed, and no common time has never been shared.
Strangers are people.
Strangers are reluctant to interrupt a conversation.
Strangers are soon on first-name terms, enjoying an idyllic world of high sails and deep fiords.
Strangers are to be feared.
Strangers are to be given protection and care.
Strangers are to be treated with respect.
Strangers are used for fear.
Strangers are used for greeting.
Strangers are used for meetings.
Strangers are very visible.
Strangers are virtually no threat at all.
Strangers are, particularly, required to pay three prices for everything.
Strangers asks persmission and then pets the dog's head, walks around behind the dog.
Strangers assemble with their grief and unresolved dismay.
Strangers become close friends and people have a genuine compassion for one another.
Strangers become conduits for the memory of the deceased.
Strangers become family members, fellow citizens.
Strangers become friends and allies.
Strangers become friends.
Strangers begin to talk freely to one another.
Strangers bring especially good luck.
Strangers bring trouble.
Strangers can also frighten dogs.
Strangers can be cool.
Strangers Can Be Dangerous - Interesting facts for both children and adults.
Strangers can be kind and friendly, but they are still strangers.
Strangers can become best friends.
Strangers can give more than some relatives.
Strangers can join in conversation and fun at the community table.
Strangers can knock on doors and be welcomed into homes.
Strangers can meet and share the latest news whether it's personal, professional or political.
Strangers can participate in the feast too.
Strangers can quickly grow close by hearing about their common experiences.
Strangers can understand most words.
Strangers can understand the child's spoken language.
Strangers can walk in off the street.
Strangers change each other's lives.
Strangers chat with each other openly.
Strangers come and go.
Strangers come in all shapes and sizes and ages.
Strangers come to view in cars and even coaches.
Strangers come up and bring doughnuts to other strangers.
Strangers commit most cases of sexual aggression.
Strangers count for little.
Strangers devour the land .
Strangers dissolve into the fog.
Strangers do business with strangers locally and globally.
Strangers do in strangers.
Strangers do it too.
Strangers drop in without knowing why.
Strangers exhort passing women to lift their shirts and eager hands try to help.
Strangers feel like regulars for a very simple reason.
Strangers get suspicious glances.
Strangers go out of their way to provide assistance.
Strangers greet each other differently than people who know each other well.
Strangers hail it as an important and delightful contribution to Belize.
Strangers have great difficulty understanding speech.
Strangers have the best candy.
Strangers have the same function in society.
Strangers have very little to go on initially in determining whether to pay attention to a speaker.
Strangers help each other.
Strangers invade one another's lives and offer preposterous challenges to one another.
Strangers journeying in the area, constantly find themselves back where they started out from.
Strangers live in that house.
Strangers look at it and regard it as odd.
Strangers look in.
Strangers make assignations by telephone through a dating service.
Strangers make bad teams.
Strangers make the best of friends, and friends do act so strange.
Strangers meet in cyberspace.
Strangers prepare much of our food.
Strangers present a similar dilemma.
Strangers quickly become friends.
Strangers rumble down from Boston by hundreds at a time.
Strangers say hello here and white faces prompt genuine affection.
Strangers seem to be running around the city furthering the ends of the insects.
Strangers share problems on the Internet.
Strangers slowly walk past the holding pens.
Strangers smile and help each other.
Strangers stare as they walk by With a cane that signifies a symbol of weakness.
Strangers start talking to strangers.
Strangers stick out like a sore thumb here.
Strangers talk, whether to complain about all the hoopla or to revel in it.
Strangers tread in their steps.
Strangers wear gloves.
Strangers wearing the wrong color clothing are at risk.
Stranger always rhymes with danger .
Strangers often make judgements based on first impressions.
Strangers often pass close to the place without finding it.
Strangers usually pick on one person.
All strangers are relations to each other.
All strangers do.
Any stranger becomes the Other.
Any stranger can cause anxiety.
Any stranger can spell danger for an unwary kid.
Every stranger hides a dagger.
Every stranger is a potential friend.
Every stranger is a suspicious person.
Every stranger is convertible to close friend.
More strangers unfortunately means fewer people looking out for each other.
Most strangers are good people.
Most strangers are nice people.
Most strangers are nice, but some strangers are mean.
Some stranger remarks the brilliance of sun.
Some strangers are very smart.
Some strangers come to visit.
Some strangers smell funny.
Strangled weeds grow in the ashes of a rain forest burned into oblivion.
A strangler fig is an epiphytic plant
Strangler figs are good examples of hemiepiphytes.
Strangler figs grow above the canopy of their host tree and send aerial roots down to the ground.
Strangler figs have light colored bark and umbrella shaped canopies.
Strangler figs have seeds that are dispersed by animals that live in treetops.
Strangler figs play essential roles in the ecology of the rainforest.
Strangler figs take over other trees.
A strangler is a killer
Strangler is to the woman alone.
Stranglers are an important source of food for animals.
Stranglers feel in both bass, jagged guitar and chorus.
Strangulated obstructions are surgical emergencies.
Strangulation accounts for almost half of all fatalities related to playground equipment.
Strangulation can occur from mishaps with strings and ropes.
Strangulation is constriction.
Strangulation is disorder.
Strangulation is probable if pain and tenderness of an incarcerated hernia persist after reduction.
Strangulation is probable if pain and tenderness of an incarcerated hernia persists after reduction.
Strangulation is suffocation
Strangulation is the leading cause of playground fatalities.
Strangulation leaves the eyes popping and the tongue protruding.
Strangulation makes up about only one fourth to one third of the cases of small bowel obstruction.
Strangulation occurs among children when consumer products become wrapped around their necks.
Strangulation occurs when something wraps around the child's neck and compresses the airway.
Strangulation usually breaks the tiny hyoid bone in the neck.
Many strangulations occur in the loop of the cords.
A strap hinge is a hinge
All strap hinges can be surface mounted or jamb mounted.
A strap is a leather strip
Strap applies uniform compression which helps guide the patella and improve tracking.
Strap covers protect baby's soft skin from rough strap edges.
Strap goes over left shoulder.
Strap helps keep luggage closed and allows for easy identification.
Strap helps to keep the pillow in position.
Strap holds cushion in position.
Strap isa implement.
Strap molds itself around the item being rotated and evenly distributes torque around the periphery.
Strap mounting to a camera or other housing is made easy by using two nylon loops on the holster.
Strap retains SCBA air pack.
Strap retracts automatically when unshouldered.
Strap wear around head where it meets the neck.
Straps adjust in back.
Straps adjust in front.
Straps adjust with a loop and hook closure.
Straps allow for adjustment.
Straps allow for ease of carrying.
Straps allow for shoulder or hand carry.
Straps anchor the exoskeleton to each finger joint and the wrist.
Straps are adjustable and back buttons are flower shaped.
Straps are adjustable and secure the table to the skate.
Straps are adjustable in length.
Straps are adjustable with plastic buttons.
Straps are adjustable.
Straps are also adjustable, removable, stretch.
Straps are bands.
Straps are cumbersome and often require assistance to secure.
Straps are easily adjustable.
Straps are extra long to fit all sizes.
Straps are fully adjustable for a proper fit.
Straps are handles.
Straps are hangers.
Straps are heavy-duty and long enough to carry over the shoulder.
Straps are in place to hold it down horizontally.
Straps are latex safe and pair is shrink packaged for ease of use.
Straps are located in suitcases.
Straps are long enough to carry over the shoulder.
Straps are made of elastic materials.
Straps are made of materials.
Straps are more comfortable than hard plastic handles in trick flying.
Straps are non-damaging to wood and hide from view.
Straps are non-damaging to wood, hide from view and come in five colors.
Straps are only partly adjustable.
Straps are part of baggage.
Straps are part of braces.
Straps are part of golf bags.
Straps are part of purses.
Straps are secure and solid.
Straps are stainless steel fastened with aluminum eyelets.
Straps are stretch and adjustable.
Straps are whips.
Straps are wide to insure comfort and hold the mask firmly but gently in place.
Straps attach to the end of the crib.
Straps attach to the outside of extension.
Straps attach to the outside of tiller extension.
Straps can be custom ordered with a belt that secures around the bed or mattress.
Straps can be rigid, semi-stretch or all stretch.
Straps can be uncomfortable on the throat.
Straps come in the color black.
Straps conveniently snap to chest.
Straps cross in back and tie through side loops.
Straps cross in the back.
Straps easily convert for discreet nursing.
Straps encourage proper lifting technique.
Straps extend over shoulders.
Straps fasten it to handle bars.
Straps feature quick-snap buckles.
Straps feed through sides.
Straps go forward and aft to provide stability.
Straps go through fabric loops to button or snap-on.
Straps hang lose once case is removed.
Straps have (part) sections.
Straps have buttons for quick changes into swimsuits.
Straps hold the boat to the rack, and the painters hold down the bow and stern ends.
Straps holding the sleeper upper bunk in the raised position can release without warning.
Straps keep sleeves up and in place while working.
Straps laminate pet animal's parts.
Straps provide security and also help in maintaining correct posture.
Straps Put the safety goggles on which are located in the bottom cover.
Straps securely hold bow in place.
Straps securely hold table.
Straps snap around belt or over metal towel loops.
Straps tie and secure at back.
Straps tie behind neck for an easy fit.
Straps tie behind the neck for an easy fit.
All straps are adjustable.
All straps are fully adjustable.
All straps are in tact with the brass fineal.
All straps are one inch webbing with adjustable side release buckles.
All straps are one inch wide for comfort on shoulders.
All straps are present, but some are frayed.
All straps have quick release buckles with neoprene padding.
All straps stow away for airplane travel.
Many straps are hand-embellished with sparkling jewels or intricate beadwork.
Many straps insure tight fit.
Most straps are made of elastic materials.
Most straps are made of materials.
Most straps extend over shoulders.
Most straps have a clip to strap onto the ring.
Some straps are part of baggage.
Some straps are part of luggage.
Some straps are part of suitcases.
Some straps have nails.
Strappy leaves emerge in late fall and persist through much of the winter.
Strappy sandals look great with a slinky, halter-top, sleeveless or spaghetti strap gown.
Strappy shoes are now appropriate year round for dressy occasions.
Strappy shoes make the ensemble dressier.
Most strata contain evidence.
Some strata cover small areas.
Stratagem is a move
Stratagems also can influence combat.
Strategic adjustments can bring big gains.
Strategic advantage calls for fresh decisions and tactical execution on a continuous basis.
Strategic advantage derives from careful management of resources.
Strategic advantage is at the heart of a firm's performance in competitive markets.
Strategic advice is part of that solution.
Strategic agreements can also help merchants and suppliers.
Strategic airlift continues to be our mission.
Strategic alignment enables an organization to act as a whole in serving customers.
Strategic alignment enables schools to implement the exact things specified in their vision.
Strategic alignment is a necessary follow up to strategic planning.
Strategic alignment is the match between strategies, tactics, and specific programs.
Strategic alliances are also a form of adhocracy.
Strategic alliances are an important component to the growth plan of high technology companies.
Strategic alliances are another business decision which have information security consequences.
Strategic alliances are commonplace in the biotechnology sector.
Strategic alliances are easier to start than end.
Strategic alliances are essential.
Strategic alliances are important to business growth and survival.
Strategic alliances are in place with the market leaders.
Strategic alliances are key to getting things done in today's digital world.
Strategic alliances are much more effective when parties discuss the legal aspects early on.
Strategic alliances are pervasive and growing rapidly.
Strategic alliances are the key to capitalizing on the growing demand for processed vegetables.
Strategic alliances are very important in the federal marketplace.
Strategic alliances benefit Canadian partners of major multinationals.
Strategic alliances broaden our market reach.
Strategic alliances can also increase referrals and extend market reach.
Strategic alliances can be a part of any strategy.
Strategic alliances can be very beneficial.
Strategic alliances can take many forms.
Strategic alliances can work as well or better.
Strategic alliances continue to provide opportunities for new and innovative initiatives.
Strategic alliances have their downsides, however.
Strategic alliances help companies keep up.
Strategic alliances improves product development and distribution.
Strategic alliances promise significant growth opportunities for Internet businesses.
Strategic alliances represent more than just hand-shake agreements between or among organizations.
Strategic alliances require a change of mindset.
Strategic alliances work at all levels, from the Giant corporations to Self- employed individuals.
Some strategic alliances involve a financial arrangement.
Strategic analysis includes methods of assessment of the competitive environment of an enterprise.
Strategic analysis is a knowledge-generation tool.
Strategic analysis is a regular practice for most respondents.
Strategic anarchism develops leadership but nothierarchy.
Strategic anarchism has a lineage and continuity but is notarchaic or static.
Strategic anarchism is organized butnot inflexible, consistent without being predictable.
Strategic assets are specific resources that can be called upon in executing a long-term strategy.
Strategic bombardment works, it can win wars, and it has.
Strategic bombers are bombers used to bomb cities and camps used by the opposing force.
Strategic bombing tends to lose impact over time as misery becomes a fact of life.
Strategic bunkers hold errant shots on the course.
Strategic buyers are companies that can derive operational benefits from owning the business.
Strategic buyers are interested in a company's fit into their own long-term business plans.
Strategic buyers are much less likely to retain all of the current personnel.
Strategic buyers are often willing and able to pay more for a company than financial buyers.
Strategic change is a multiplier.
Strategic change is an inevitable fact of business life.
Strategic choices come first.
Strategic choices have to be made.
Strategic combat is what makes most of the difference between otherwise balanced players.
Strategic comments tend to be written in a prose style.
Strategic communication sets the context for the job.
Strategic concerns are the epitome of mainstream seriousness.
Strategic conflicts are also common.
Most strategic consultants pride themselves on being vendor neutral.
Some strategic consultants believe that kind of thinking is short-sighted.
Strategic consultation is provided in support of organizing and policy advocacy.
Strategic data is made available to developing countries and organizations.
Strategic decision making in leadership is a result of consciousness.
Strategic decisions are fundamental, directional and future-oriented.
Strategic decisions are fundamental, directional, and future-oriented.
Strategic decisions are generally less well defined, at least initially, than operating decisions.
Strategic decisions are purposeful actions.
Strategic decisions are sometimes the hardest to make.
Strategic decisions are the highest level.
Strategic decisions differ from operational decisions, however, along several dimensions.
Strategic decisions involve long-term questions of party stance and direction.
Every strategic decision is open for assessment in public.
Strategic defenses make strategic offense weapons obsolete.
Strategic deliberation is a board responsibility .
Strategic depth provides crucial time a.
Strategic design rewards the well made shot and provides birdie opportunities.
Strategic directions details our purpose and research direction.
Strategic documents are then prepared outlining business or technology issues to be addressed.
All strategic documents are subject to such an assessment.
Strategic efforts require a focus on violence against women as an institutional priority.
Strategic element is best yet for the CC series.
Strategic entry points without articulation with the grass roots are often futile.
More strategic errors come from inadequate self-awareness than any other cause.
Strategic feedback be non-blaming, and of the type that encourages learning.
Strategic focus is essential to achieving our goal.
Strategic focus is the first, reflecting rapid changes in the corporate world.
Strategic forces balance surveyed - Tactical use of nuclear weapons.
Strategic functions provide an actual or potential source of competitive advantage.
Strategic funding is provided, linked to jointly agreed strategic objectives.
Any strategic game peaks their interest.
More strategic games have fewer players.
More strategic games provide more information sooner.
Strategic gender needs .
Strategic gender needs.
Strategic goals are consistent at the national, area, and cemetery levels.
Strategic goals are easier to complete.
Strategic goals are strategic because they change the status quo.
Strategic goals are the milestones the campus aims to achieve that evolve from the strategic issues.
Strategic goals have to come from the top.
Strategic humility results from a decision to use learning as a tool for progress.
Strategic illumination throws light and shadow onto the many surfaces, revealing a myriad of colors.
Strategic implementation involves developing a tactical plan and an implementation plan.
Strategic information comes in the clear.
Strategic information is a powerful resource.
Strategic information is the lifeblood of competition in the information age.
Strategic innovation is key.
Strategic intelligence includes information on nuclear weapons, such as tests and new deployments.
Strategic intelligence is information gathering
Strategic intent creates an extreme misfit between resources and ambitions.
Strategic intent goes beyond strategic planning.
Strategic intent has the attributes of direction, discovery and destiny.
Strategic interactions are very important within any individual submarket.
Strategic investment is needed to ensure sustainable and secure sludge recycling outlets.
Strategic investments improve productivity.
Strategic Investments Learn about key domestic and international investments.
Strategic issues are the fundamental challenges that confront labor and management.
Strategic issues related to e-commerce make up a large and growing part of our business.
Strategic landscaping is also an excellent method for conserving energy.
Strategic leadership establishes a vision and sets the goals and strategies for the municipality.
Strategic leadership focuses on executives who have overall responsibiliy for an organization.
Strategic leadership has a strong contingency base.
Strategic leadership is a risky business.
Strategic leadership is big enough to embrace diversity and wise enough to be enriched by it.
Strategic leadership is key to profile, credibility, and legitimization.
Strategic leadership is more important than management.
Strategic lighting is a powerful deterrent.
Strategic links allow quick and easy navigation between the various data elements.
Strategic literature searches.
Strategic management consists of strategic decision making and strategic planning.
Strategic management deals with internal and external issues.
Strategic management focuses on long-range planning.
Strategic management implies a breadth of perspective that goes beyond internal operations only.
Strategic management involves developing a corporate mission and ascertaining the firm's direction.
Strategic management is a big part of success in the retail sales world.
Strategic management is a broader concept than strategic planning.
Strategic management is a complex and multifaceted subject.
Strategic management is a fundamental skill that can be significantly strengthened in most managers.
Strategic management is about both the formulation and execution of strategy.
Strategic management is adaptive and keeps an organization relevant.
Strategic management is an ongoing process.
Strategic management is called a capstone course.
Strategic management is the way a strategic plan is internalized by the company and carried out.
Strategic management processes for corporate social policy.
Strategic management provides direction.
Strategic management puts everything together.
Strategic management requires good strategic thinking to be successful.
Strategic management seeks to explain sustained differences in organizational performance.
Strategic managers develop strategies for action appropriate to specific situations.
Strategic map is a window that can be left up during gameplay.
Strategic mappers ask the following questions.
Strategic mappers care more about where they are going than where they are have been.
Strategic mapping is about breaking new ground and learning how to think and act differently.
Strategic mapping is done by teams of people who know they are lost in a wilderness.
Strategic mapping is more unstructured thought than carefully laid out plans.
Strategic marketing has to occur.
Strategic marketing is essential to effective web sites and communications planning.
Strategic measures abound.
Strategic mergers are unlike hostile takeovers in another important way.
Strategic mobility is the foundation for force projection operations.
Strategic moves can net important results.
Strategic needs are the relative status of women to men within society.
Strategic networks are critical assets in the global business environment.
Strategic objective is to create faculty board.
Strategic operations permit attacks with fighters and bombers.
Strategic options represent hidden value and therefore the biggest, albeit most elusive prize.
Strategic options reside within complex interactions among systems.
Strategic partners are important to electronics, machinery, and chemical firms.
Strategic partners can include equipment manufacturers, and mobile applications providers.
Strategic partners have yet a different set of interests.
Some strategic partners complain vigorously when their talent is poached.
Strategic partnerships allow effective vertical coordination without actual consolidation.
Strategic partnerships are a strength of colleges, partnering with the community.
Strategic partnerships are also a popular supply chain integration strategy.
Strategic Partnerships are determined on an individual basis.
Strategic partnerships are more than just a flashy business term.
Strategic partnerships are the foundation of success in the mobile enterprise market.
Strategic partnerships are vital for a successful university and a successful community.
Strategic partnerships can take a business a long way.
Strategic partnerships can turn IT into a competitive advantage.
Strategic partnerships have many attributes.
Strategic partnerships maximize community involvement and ownership of the process.
Strategic partnerships open the door to new business opportunities.
Strategic partnerships provide a competitive alternative for consumers.
Strategic philanthropy means getting involved in the community on a group and an individual basis.
Strategic plan features .
Strategic plan is available for public review at each school in the district.
Strategic plan needs to be based upon projected flat budgets, or deficit budgets.
Strategic plan reviews.
Strategic plan sets framework for broad agency programs.
Strategic plans are back in style.
Strategic plans are revisionary documents.
Strategic plans are to be for a five year period of time, updated at least every three years.
Strategic plans are to cover a period of at least five years and revised at least every three years.
Strategic plans are typically comprehensive.
Strategic plans can be as in-depth as the chapter wishes.
Strategic plans come and go.
Strategic plans cover a period of at least five years and are revised at least every three years.
Strategic plans drive the budget.
Strategic plans fail, and expansion opportunities are dropped, for lack of manpower.
Strategic plans have a wide array of uses.
Strategic plans help identify and communicate the mission of the organization.
Strategic plans help the chapter establish goals and objectives for both the short and long term.
Strategic plans provide the context to define individual measures and interaction between measures.
Strategic plans require integration with other programs in the overall plan.
Any strategic plan begins with a set of principles against which every action is measured.
Any strategic plan needs to include provision for dealing with major problems.
Any strategic plan requires tools to allow management to implement and monitor progress.
Most strategic plans fail because they lack the critical precursor and follow up.
Strategic planners recognize the impending culture change.
Strategic planners seek help from faculty, staff.
Strategic planners use it to essentially try to cover their bases.
Strategic planning allows libraries to evaluate their role within the community they serve.
Strategic planning becomes a stool that's missing a leg.
Strategic planning begins early, at least four months in advance.
Strategic planning begins with involvement.
Strategic planning builds on anticipated future trends, data, and competitive assumptions.
Strategic Planning Can Help.
Strategic planning can make or break a company.
Strategic planning can provide clear direction leading to consistent and planned results.
Strategic planning can sound very complicated, but in fact is pretty straightforward.
Strategic planning considers a horizon of five or more years.
Strategic planning continues to offer ongoing support and assistance to schools.
Strategic planning defines an organization's vision, mission, long-term goals and major strategies.
Strategic planning demands an integrated approach by all members of the business organization.
Strategic planning enables people to influence the future.
Strategic planning encourages the library manager to be future oriented.
Strategic planning extends beyond a single fiscal year too.
Strategic planning focuses largely on managing interaction with environmental forces.
Strategic planning follows clarification of the mission and vision.
Strategic planning gives insufficient focus to long term pupil needs.
Strategic planning happens at nights and corporate strategic retreats occur on airplanes.
Strategic planning identifies the specific highways and the specific streets.
Strategic planning improves decision-making capabilities.
Strategic planning invites creativity and aids in crafting key communications messages.
Strategic planning is a cascade process.
Strategic planning is a case in point.
Strategic planning is a company-wide process.
Strategic planning is a continuing process.
Strategic planning is a continuous process.
Strategic planning is a critical component in creating an entity's goals and operational direction.
Strategic planning is a critical component of operating a large railroad.
Strategic planning is a dynamic process.
Strategic planning is a fancy term for using long-range planning to stay competitive.
Strategic planning is a good way to review recommendations and set priorities.
Strategic planning is a highly ritualized, and often quite formulaic, field.
Strategic planning is a management tool.
Strategic planning is a practical application of rational comprehensive decision making.
Strategic planning is a priority-setting process.
Strategic planning is a process that determines the future of an organization.
Strategic planning is a process with an end product.
Strategic planning is a process, and a rather rigorous process at that.
Strategic planning is a systematic approach for managing strategic change.
Strategic planning is a unique process for each community.
Strategic planning is a useful process for small groups, for organizations and for communities.
Strategic planning is a very important part of the process.
Strategic planning is about direction.
Strategic planning is about setting directions.
Strategic planning is about strategic thinking.
Strategic planning is all about discovery.
Strategic planning is also an important element to consider at the outset.
Strategic planning is an exciting experience.
Strategic planning is an integral part of any organization's growth and development.
Strategic planning is an iterative and ongoing process, and requires regular communication.
Strategic planning is an iterative process.
Strategic planning is another critical element of a successful downsizing.
Strategic planning is both a logical, rational process, and a process that involves people.
Strategic planning is both continuous and irregular in response to non-routine stimuli.
Strategic planning is conducted at a higher level of an organization than tactical planning.
Strategic planning is crucial in determining the success or failure of a small business.
Strategic planning is crucial in order to enter the country with the greatest chance of success.
Strategic planning is crucial to an organization's success.
Strategic planning is defined and discussed and theories concerning criminality are offered as well.
Strategic planning is different from long-range planning.
Strategic planning is for plodders.
Strategic planning is intended to achieve direction and commitment.
Strategic planning is intended to enhance an organization's ability to think and act strategically.
Strategic planning is key to delivery, planning which listens to all and then sets a firm course.
Strategic planning is less a process of evolution than one of revolution.
Strategic planning is more than playing golf at an exotic resort.
Strategic planning is necessary here.
Strategic planning is needed whenever there is a change in the business or economic environment.
Strategic planning is nothing new in Rochester schools, or in others around Oakland County.
Strategic planning is number one.
Strategic planning is on going.
Strategic planning is one of our recognized strengths.
Strategic planning is only as good as the strategies that are properly implemented.
Strategic planning is our number one priority.
Strategic planning is primarily a brainstorming session.
Strategic planning is so ingrained in our thinking that every manager is a strategic manager.
Strategic planning is the best way to change the institution.
Strategic planning is the forefather and the overhead of the scenario process.
Strategic planning is the key to business success.
Strategic planning is the key to success.
Strategic planning is the means for region to decide where it wants to go and how to get there.
Strategic planning is the process of developing an action-oriented set of strategies.
Strategic planning is the prospective first step.
Strategic planning is the term used to describe the formulation phase of strategic management.
Strategic planning is the way an organization becomes what it wants to be.
Strategic planning is under way for reaching youth about careers in Christian vocations.
Strategic planning is underway on actual activities.
Strategic planning is underway to correct.
Strategic planning is underway.
Strategic planning is very hard work.
Strategic planning is well developed and understood throughout the organization.
Strategic planning is well through-out.
Strategic planning is what real entrepreneurs do well.
Strategic planning is worthless - unless there is first a strategic vision.
Strategic planning is, however, the lifeblood of a successful business.
Strategic planning is, of course, a form of planning.
Strategic planning means adopting new budgeting and forecasting processes and practices.
Strategic planning means learning and working toward partnership building .
Strategic planning needs to be done with integrity and planning in the forefront.
Strategic planning needs to continue.
Strategic planning occurs at all levels in an organization.
Strategic planning places the long term vitality and excellence of the university first.
Strategic planning places the long-term vitality and excellence of a university first.
Strategic planning projects the mix over a number of years to achieve and sustain equilibrium.
Strategic planning provides a process to help choose wisely.
Strategic planning provides a road map to fulfillment of the organization's mission and goals.
Strategic planning provides a vision for the ultimate result.
Strategic planning provides focus and direction for activities and resource allocation.
Strategic planning provides focus.
Strategic planning provides opportunities for longitudinal data collection and revision of programs.
Strategic planning requires a significant investment of time and energy.
Strategic planning requires evaluation of customer needs, now and in the future.
Strategic planning requires much larger amounts of information.
Strategic planning requires strategic thinking and strategic action.
Strategic planning requires that the process have well-designed feedback loops.
Strategic planning requires the creation of a specific vision.
Strategic planning responds to external conditions to achieve internal goals.
Strategic planning sets the course.
Strategic planning sets the goals, measures, targets, and links to activities and initiatives.
Strategic planning sets the overall direction of the organization.
Strategic planning sets the stage for the rest of the organization's planning.
Strategic planning starts with better prediction methods.
Strategic planning starts with the form of government.
Strategic planning takes time.
All strategic planning is based on a sound marketing foundation.
More strategic planning is required.
Strategic planting means to locate the trees and shrubs where they provide the most value.
Strategic position is a powerful, positive factor in our value.
Strategic programming is analytical.
Strategic publishing has to take care of the individual needs and wants of the readers.
Strategic questions arise.
Strategic questions can reveal whether the company has a culture of open communication and honesty.
Strategic readers use a variety of strategies to construct meaning.
Strategic reading involves the use of cues to decode the message of the written word.
Strategic research approaches for reference librarians.
Strategic risk focuses on more than an analysis of the written strategic plan.
Strategic risks are usually the primary risk management focus.
Strategic silence is a good way to force the other party's hand.
Strategic stability can never be a one-way street.
Strategic stability means promoting human rights and freedoms everywhere.
Strategic stability means security and tranquillity of civil society and of an individual.
Strategic studies are no exception.
Strategic systems are the exciting end of the business.
Strategic teaching frees potential from the grip of tradition, low expectations and apathy.
Strategic teaching is the yeast necessary to make the student writing bread rise.
Strategic teaching requires thoughtful choices.
Strategic thinkers are more likely to move up in organizations.
Strategic thinkers link past, present, and future.
Strategic thought is needed in missionary work.
Strategic track connects two tactical battles.
Strategic treatments can help to reduce liver fluke populations.
Strategic tree planting saves energy, and recycled materials are used whenever possible.
Strategic use is made of ceramic insulation to prolong the life of critical areas.
Strategic value is completely different, though.
Strategic vision is the tough one.
Strategic voting is fair enough.
All strategic weapons are illegal, any State.
A strategist is a planner
Strategist is available to law enforcement organizations as a commercial product.
Strategist offers something for both the beginning and experienced player.
Strategists also work for entities that profit when people feel cheery about the market.
Strategists are planners.
Strategists are sensitive to cultural and time changes.
Strategists await the individual investor's next move, instead of traders' flight to rebalance.
Strategists focus more easily on what things mean and where they fit.
Strategists forecast, plan, project, budget, negotiate and storyboard.
Strategists now has offices in Cleveland, Akron, Columbus and Youngstown.
Strategists plan the future.
Strategists realize that there is no such thing as either a universal or timeless strategy.
Strategists say that in Asia and the Pacific, the law of time and distance rules.
Many strategists conclude that cheap shoe-leather efforts trumped expensive airwaves saturation.
Many strategists remain optimistic about the chance for a rebound.
Many strategists think yesterday's mood shift among investors has staying power.
Most strategists expect that to bring a bull run over the next few months.
Some strategists say that hidden in the precipitous drop is some good news.
Some strategists see great benefits from a strong and stable Indonesia.
Strategy evaluation is essential for all organizations.
Strategy formulation ends with the requirements analysis.
Strategy formulation is based on an understanding of the nature of competitive forces in industry.
Strategy formulation plays an integral role in the process.
Strategy games are all about the brains.
Strategy games are an untapped market in the United States.
Strategy games are computer games.
Strategy games are kinda cool, like chess.
Strategy games are probably among the most developed genres that currently exist on the PC platform.
Strategy games are similar.
Strategy games can be fun games for the entire family to play, and encourage critical thinking.
Strategy games live by gameplay and balance.
Strategy games tend to require a lot of attention to gameplay and be a bit tough to learn.
Strategy games tend to require a lot of attention to gameplay and can be a bit tough to learn.
Most Strategy games involve some sort of conquest of land or planets, and the elimination of rivals.
Strategy guide is good for new players.
Strategy guides are a good thing.
Strategy guides are another collectible.
Strategy guides provide practice in skills such as skimming, finding the main idea, and more.
Strategy implementation is more about commitment than correctness.
Strategy implementation is ultimately a municipal decision.
Strategy pattern offers an alternative to subclassing and eliminates conditional statements.
A strategy is a plan of action
Strategies abound for figuring out the correct amount and method to prepay.
Strategies achieve results.
Strategies acknowledge and support diversity while promoting common needs of all families.
Strategies Add an alt attribute to the image element of all graphics that communicate information.
Strategies Address the central issue of diversity and economies of scale.
Strategies adopt a long-term perspective.
Strategies affect characteristics.
Strategies affect errors.
Strategies affect outcomes.
Strategies aim to achieve results on the ground.
Strategies aimed at disengaging government from commercial activities can take many forms.
Strategies aimed at managing storm water quality are a relatively recent development.
Strategies aimed at poverty eradication are also important in avoiding degradation of resources.
Strategies aimed at stopping decentralization are unlikely to succeed.
Strategies Allow extra time to complete test.
Strategies also play a key role , and the combination makes it attractive to many .
Strategies also play a key role, and the combination makes it attractive to many.
Strategies Annually evaluate the role and responsibilities of the professional advising staff.
Strategies Annually update existing articulation agreements with community colleges.
Strategies apologise for any inconvenience caused.
Strategies apply to all states except Louisiana.
Strategies apply to problems.
Strategies are a bit like habits, though.
Strategies are a method for producing that consistency.
Strategies are a model.
Strategies are also an important part of the fund-raising activity.
Strategies are also in place to enable students to contact other students studying the same subject.
Strategies are also in place to enable students to contact other students studying the same unit.
Strategies are an important part of working with each group.
Strategies are appropriate for middle school by substituting selections of literature.
Strategies are at various stages of development.
Strategies are available for freezing the taxable value of appreciating assets at present levels.
Strategies are both pedagogical and technical.
Strategies are broad, comprehensive and realistic in addressing teaching and learning needs.
Strategies are broad, overall priorities or directions adopted by an organization.
Strategies are companies.
Strategies are concise and easy to learn.
Strategies are cost-effective.
Strategies are cross application and cross platform.
Strategies are deliberate, educational, and effective.
Strategies are dreams and directions.
Strategies are like hammers.
Strategies are long term, because they are broad-based business initiatives that win the entire war.
Strategies are many and varied.
Strategies are methods and programs to achieve goals and objective.
Strategies are methods to achieve goals and objectives.
Strategies are military science.
Strategies are mostly immediate.
Strategies are noisy and have bounded recall.
Strategies are norms.
Strategies are now general graphs.
Strategies are objectives identified annually to reach our targets.
Strategies are overviews, the broadest category.
Strategies are personal and developmental.
Strategies are purpose-driven missions with a measurable result.
Strategies are random.
Strategies are specific actions or activities needed to accomplish goals.
Strategies are specific to selected international markets.
Strategies are specific to watershed.
Strategies are the activities which redirect district resources.
Strategies are the backbone of good print.
Strategies are the broad courses of action needed to fulfill the goals.
Strategies are the how of our lives.
Strategies are the how, who, when and where.
Strategies are the means of changing the current situation.
Strategies are the mission in action.
Strategies are the part of the program that specifies the way rule application is to be controlled.
Strategies are the policies that guide decisions.
Strategies are the ways to get there.
Strategies are things people do to try to prevent a behavior such as substance use among teens.
Strategies are thus an easy way to implement data driven traversals.
Strategies are underway to reduce the regional haze which shrouds vistas in many national parks.
Strategies are used by companies.
Strategies are used by large companies.
Strategies are used by successful companies.
Strategies are useless unless they are understood and lead to action.
Strategies are what make a company proactive .
Strategies are with a team.
Strategies Assess environmental impact of development proposals and recommend safeguards.
Strategies Attract the highest possible calibre of students from Australia and overseas.
Strategies based solely on information dissemination have limited impact.
Strategies Be sure that students understand the expectations of the assignment.
Strategies become so tentative that traders want the capacity to reverse decisions at minimum cost.
Strategies Begin communicating and networking with local enviromenental employers.
Strategies call for understanding what motivates adversaries and allies.
Strategies can be as numerous as communities.
Strategies can be conservative or aggressive depending on the client's goals and risk tolerance.
Strategies can be mixed or matched depending on comfort levels.
Strategies can be unconventional, outrageous, funny, improvisational, or daring.
Strategies can have consequences.
Strategies can have negative consequences.
Strategies can provide different implementations of the same behavior.
Strategies can range from simple to complex.
Strategies can take weeks, even months to devise, and actual public interest weeks after that.
Strategies can then be fine tuned to produce the optimum results.
Strategies carry capacity.
Strategies change according to circumstances.
Strategies change as the value of the progressive rises.
Strategies clearly differ among leading video game makers.
Strategies collapse at a moment s notice.
Strategies combining protective puts with age phasing produce the most appealing results.
Strategies come in different formats and for different reasons.
Strategies compete with each other in a very impersonal way.
Strategies connect program outcomes to community outcomes.
Strategies Consider the requirement of a focus or concentration as part of the program.
Strategies considers the complexity of dividend taxation in Mexico.
Strategies Continue monitoring in the county and expand monitoring into area cities.
Strategies Continue normal routine if possible.
Strategies Continue to provide special programs targeting gifted students Australia-wide.
Strategies Continue to sponsor major public lectures on national issues.
Strategies converge because recipes get slavishly imitated.
Strategies Create a national framework within which all states can create statewide systems.
Strategies Create a one column page.
Strategies Create partnerships with agencies involved in soil conservation.
Strategies deaf mothers use when reading to their young deaf or hard of hearing children.
Strategies deal with problems.
Strategies depend on ability.
Strategies depend on conditions.
Strategies depend on status.
Strategies Develop a building program for the renovation .
Strategies Develop a comprehensive maintenance plan for existing buildings.
Strategies Develop a comprehensive program to address occupational health and safety concerns.
Strategies Develop a readily accessible electronic database on culinary herbs.
Strategies develop active, self-responsible learning.
Strategies Develop and distribute a fitness directory.
Strategies Develop and implement a strategic technology plan for the college.
Strategies Develop and reward excellence in research and instructional development.
Strategies Develop appropriate electronic library and data resources.
Strategies Develop comprehensive statewide procedures to evaluate and manage technological changes.
Strategies Develop export and import replacement opportunities for Australian pasture seed growers.
Strategies Develop more options and increase the choice of study abroad locations.
Strategies Develop new forms of alliances such as joint badging of degrees.
Strategies Develop procedures to improve participation by disadvantaged groups.
Strategies Develop quality assured processes and maintain commitment from all relevant stakeholders.
Strategies develop to help young writers organize their ideas.
Strategies differ according to who defines the payoffs.
Strategies differ depending on the class of drug used.
Strategies differ from country to country.
Strategies Directly teach the skills necessary to manage instructional materials.
Strategies Distinguish between our membership and customer bases.
Strategies do however differ between bonds, equities and foreign exchange.
Strategies Educate all library staff concerning the public relations aspects of their work.
Strategies emerge as adaptations occur, rather than as the result of anticipating the future.
Strategies emphasize techniques to preserve open space and rural character in the community.
Strategies employ multiplier effects.
Strategies employed to conduct instructional activities reflect principles of adult learning.
Strategies Encourage departments to support flexible delivery.
Strategies Encourage enrolment of relevant academic staff in higher degree programs.
Strategies encourage expansion.
Strategies Encourage new and innovative research by providing a creative research environment.
Strategies encourage population expansion.
Strategies encourage rapid expansion.
Strategies encourage rapid population expansion.
Strategies Encourage students to use word processor.
Strategies Encourage the deployment of a full-time specialist international finance officer.
Strategies Encourage the use of electronic spell-checkers.
Strategies enhance consumer involvement as providers and educators.
Strategies Ensure a high quality of service to satisfy our customer needs is provided.
Strategies Ensure a safe built environment through appropriate statutory processes.
Strategies ensure survival.
Strategies Establish a plan, with timetable, to employ additional full-time faculty.
Strategies Establish appropriate jobs for meetings.
Strategies Establish human resource investment councils.
Strategies Establish if the problem is a reading problem or a conceptual problem.
Strategies Establish neighborhood house and garden tours.
Strategies Establish the environmental geoscience requirements of potential clients.
Strategies Establish time lines.
Strategies evolve and then come back around.
Strategies evolve from requirements.
Strategies evolve over time.
Strategies evolve over years.
Strategies exist for making even richly graphical systems accessible.
Strategies exist for operating such meetings in a cost effective manner.
Strategies exist for responding to major emergencies or disasters.
Strategies Expand the offshore programs available to students in targeted countries.
Strategies Extend the scope of lab accreditation programs to additional types of laboratories.
Strategies focus on appreciation.
Strategies focus on capital appreciation.
Strategies focus on community interventions, health communications, and health care systems changes.
Strategies focus on improving access to tertiary education for the above groups.
Strategies focus on likelihood.
Strategies follow approaches.
Strategies follow from goals, and tactics follow from strategies.
Strategies forChange .
Strategies Form a committee to plan for consolidation.
Strategies get the ink.
Strategies Give priority to developing programs and policies that encourage cultural diversity.
Strategies Grow a beard.
Strategies guide actions.
Strategies guide crucial decisions.
Strategies guide decisions.
Strategies have (part) goals.
Strategies have a short effective shelf-life in relation to their original intentions.
Strategies have advantage.
Strategies have aspects.
Strategies have consequences.
Strategies have effects.
Strategies have indirect effects.
Strategies have limitations.
Strategies have potential.
Strategies have properties.
Strategies Have students clap and move to the rhythm and beat of the music.
Strategies Have students work in small groups.
Strategies Have the class discuss equipment needs, safety for self and others, and responsibilities.
Strategies have to be created, markets have to be developed and technologies evaluated.
Strategies have to be developed to overcome techno-phobias.
Strategies help decisions.
Strategies help students become better problem solvers.
Strategies Help the student set up a method for self-monitoring.
Strategies Ia Increase scholarships for economically disadvantaged students.
Strategies Identify a range of information products and services which meet customer needs.
Strategies Identify key issues and opportunities faced in the work force and in education.
Strategies identify numbers.
Strategies identify resources and innovative approaches to enhancing research activities.
Strategies Implement a formal, ongoing training program for developing specific computer skills.
Strategies imply specific action and further breakdown the objectives into manageable subsets.
Strategies Improving the campus climate is everyone s responsibility.
Strategies include advice.
Strategies include analyses.
Strategies include assessments.
Strategies include bonds.
Strategies include development.
Strategies include dietary advice.
Strategies include methods.
Strategies increase chances.
Strategies Increase enrollment and review curricula of existing graduate programs.
Strategies Increase faculty involvement in mentoring students.
Strategies Increase financial aid to be competitive with the nation's best universities.
Strategies Increase participation of midtown neighborhoods around key community issues.
Strategies Initiate opportunities for partnerships that respond to identified needs.
Strategies involve artificial control of the oestrus cycle of the cow through the use of drugs.
Strategies involve aspects of football, soccer and basketball.
Strategies involve choices requiring thought and the weighing of risks against savings.
Strategies involve components.
Strategies involve exploitation.
Strategies involve implement several different responses.
Strategies involve responses.
Strategies involve selections.
Strategies Involve the community and consumers from the start.
Strategies involve weighing risks against savings.
Strategies is a quarterly newsletter that keeps clients informed about investigative trends.
Strategies Keep the affected parts elevated on cushioned support.
Strategies lead to advancement.
Strategies lead to medical advancement.
Strategies Live real-time reference .
Strategies Maintain a fully certified explosive workforce.
Strategies Maintain a routine.
Strategies make a difference.
Strategies make senses.
Strategies make up the day to day action plan for the staff, leaders and committees.
Strategies make up the day to day action plan.
Strategies naturally differ.
Strategies observe in mammals.
Strategies Obtain good communication skills.
Strategies ought to be anchored in core values and beliefs of the organization.
Strategies Place the transparency map on the overhead projection unit.
Strategies Promote a campus environment that values human dignity.
Strategies Promote a strong sense of corporate identity and ethical behaviour.
Strategies promote follicle growth.
Strategies promote growth.
Strategies promote production.
Strategies promote rice production.
Strategies Promote the celebration and understanding of our Sacraments.
Strategies propose manipulation.
Strategies Provide a long term land use planning framework.
Strategies Provide a variety of patterns moving from simple to complex.
Strategies provide an extensibility point for each pattern.
Strategies Provide forum for resolution of issues that inhibit industry growth.
Strategies provide frameworks.
Strategies Provide opportunities for the curation of film, video and multimedia programs.
Strategies Provide research writing topics well in advance of assignment due date.
Strategies Provide technical assistance to state building administrators and operators.
Strategies Quickly integrate new technology into the standards based infrastructure.
Strategies range from symbol boards to computers to speech synthesizers.
Strategies range in complexity and appear quite random.
Strategies Read interesting selections orally to class on regular basis.
Strategies Recommend that the funding of campus information services be reconceptualized.
Strategies Refer for vision check.
Strategies refer to procedures that enable learners to solve specific problems.
Strategies refer to the instructional techniques through which teachers can facilitate learning.
Strategies reflect evidence.
Strategies reflect factors.
Strategies reflect the changing societal and healthcare environments and the economic climate.
Strategies Regularly survey members and customers.
Strategies related to personal growth and awareness of unfinished business is emphasized.
Strategies rely on using language rather than learning about language.
Strategies Remember text.
Strategies represent on-going systemic commitments and practices.
Strategies Represent rural mental health stakeholders in national and state public policy arenas.
Strategies represent the work to achieve the objectives.
Strategies require cooperation.
Strategies require information.
Strategies require knowledge.
Strategies seeking to attract international attention can require substantial financial resources.
Strategies seem largely to be defined by the problem encountered.
Strategies Send a team to a Project Kaleidoscope workshop on new facilities.
Strategies show use.
Strategies stagnate in the face of changing landscapes.
Strategies Start thinking about career options early.
Strategies Strengthen the diversity program by campus budget allocation for diversity activities.
Strategies Stress real-life problems in math.
Strategies support goals.
Strategies Support preliminary market and technical feasibility studies.
Strategies support term goals.
Strategies take advantage.
Strategies Teach a set problem-solving procedure that can be applied to a wide range of problems.
Strategies tend to emerge as a political compromise between warring factions.
Strategies Try soap opera newsgroups for character and plot information.
Strategies Turns right in wheelchair.
Strategies Use bottom-up procedure to regularly review and revise profile of research strengths.
Strategies Use consistent page structure .
Strategies Use headings and ordered lists as well as clear, consistent navigation .
Strategies use management techniques.
Strategies use methods.
Strategies use modern management techniques.
Strategies use modern techniques.
Strategies Use reclining chairs, headrests, lightweight collars or chin supports.
Strategies use techniques.
Strategies Use xpatpred to start the first solution file.
Strategies used during the interview process can greatly aid in information gathering.
Strategies used in adult programs can shore up secondary schools and the reverse is also true.
Strategies used in coping with a cancer diagnosis predict meaning in life for survivors.
Strategies used in the workshop include group collaboration, revision, and peer editing.
Strategies utilize knowledge.
Strategies vary according to the ratio of available men to available women.
Strategies vary as a function of the strength and traditions of our institutions.
Strategies vary but all assign a point value to each card.
Strategies vary by organization, but reflect the following broad themes and approaches.
Strategies vary considerably in the extent and depth of analysis of issues.
Strategies vary depending upon circumstances.
Strategies vary from country to country.
Strategies vary from team to team.
Strategies vary in the extent to which they are well integrated and coherent.
Strategies vary with objectives and with individual students.
Strategies Wear warm clothing.
Strategies yield dramatic results.
Strategies yield results.
Strategy affects chance value.
Strategy aims at strengthening the role of the private sector as the engine of growth in Asia.
Strategy aims to exploit the new and different opportunities of tomorrow.
Strategy allows for planning and planning allows for tactics.
Strategy also is evident in the placement of fairway bunkers and waste areas.
Strategy also is extremely important.
Strategy appears to have been lacking and evangelism haphazard and sporadic.
Strategy approaches .
Strategy based on people makes it much harder to turn the ship around on a dime.
Strategy becomes a way to structure the chaos to compete on the edge.
Strategy becomes important, and implementing strategy requires flexibility.
Strategy becomes the activity of reaching preestablished objectives and goals.
Strategy becomes very important.
Strategy begins with a preface about fly-fishing.
Strategy blends a knowledge of process with institutional memory.
Strategy breeds success.
Strategy can be a problem at many law firms.
Strategy can determine both the starting angle and and rotation range for a complete data set.
Strategy clip the aneurysm before hemorrhage recurs.
Strategy comes easily once perspective is in place.
Strategy comes from playing cards at the right time.
Strategy comes into play in building a team.
Strategy connects the present to the future.
Strategy considers how to differentiate the organization from others over the long term.
Strategy counts as the bay crossing includes tides, currents and some navigational decisions.
Strategy counts as the swim includes tides, currents and some navigational decisions.
Strategy Create six new tenure-track faculty positions and maintain all current faculty lines.
Strategy cry the anti-DH folks.
Strategy deals with decisions and planning that affect the entire organization.
Strategy depends on choosing a unique positioning.
Strategy differs from tactics.
Strategy emerges as a result of pragmatic processes of forecasting and learning.
Strategy equals execution.
Strategy evaluates attributes for trend analysis, customer segmentation and inventory management.
Strategy evolves from the top and is the reflection of the vision.
Strategy filters partition problems based on the potential for different types of solutions.
Strategy gives confidence.
Strategy goes beyond ideology politics or morals.
Strategy guides for Star Trek.
Strategy guides for video games on all platforms and PC games.
Strategy has important implications for a company's cash flows.
Strategy has to do with issues that bear on the ultimate aims of a belligerent nation.
Strategy has to provide competitive advantage and also support the business plan.
Strategy here covers all military activity.
Strategy hints The high and low cards are the key.
Strategy holds an important part in the game.
Strategy implies action, so assistance with implementation of strategy is one of our strengths.
Strategy implies intention.
Strategy includes better processing and port facilities, and lower rural taxes.
Strategy includes delaying tactics and counter-intelligence.
Strategy includes features such as agents, triggers and scheduling.
Strategy includes newspaper ads for events and publications aimed at individuals and groups.
Strategy Introduces the basic concepts and tools for formulating business strategy.
Strategy Invest the time to learn and know our customers business.
Strategy involves a broad plan on how to achieve it.
Strategy involves a combination of traditional management and business strategy.
Strategy involves orchestrating a unique combination of core business factors.
Strategy involves setting up chain reactions.
Strategy involves specific argument selection in the last rebuttals.
Strategy involves taking into consideration the overall direction of the company.
Strategy involves the use of power to obtain a goal.
Strategy is . . .
Strategy Is . . .
Strategy is a big part of advertising.
Strategy is a business design concept.
Strategy is a complex topic.
Strategy is a course of action created to achieve a long-term goal.
Strategy is a general game plan based on the team's offensive and defensive philosophies.
Strategy is a key element.
Strategy is a large part of the process.
Strategy is a leadership quality.
Strategy is a major factor in curling, as important as shooting skill.
Strategy is a plan when it refers to an intended or desired pattern of future actions.
Strategy is a set of decisions made .
Strategy is a single idea that solves more than one problem or creates more than one opportunity.
Strategy is a skill of continuous improvement and effective corporate leadership.
Strategy is a whole other thing.
Strategy is about being different.
Strategy is about getting that power.
Strategy is about making informed decisions.
Strategy is about planning and execution.
Strategy is about resources.
Strategy is about the basic choices of how to achieve the purpose.
Strategy is about the future.
Strategy is added by the ability to sneak around using stealth and guile.
Strategy is also an important factor to consider.
Strategy is also important.
Strategy is also the test of the Theory of the Business.
Strategy is always the key to assault maps.
Strategy is an abstraction , a construct.
Strategy is an important key to a successful round of golf here.
Strategy is an important part of the game.
Strategy is an invention.
Strategy is an organized plan to accomplish the work of mission to achieve the goal of vision.
Strategy is another key issue.
Strategy is as critical to success as skill and fitness.
Strategy is based on the beliefs and understandings shared by members of An organization.
Strategy is better.
Strategy is changed.
Strategy is clear and communicated to all levels.
Strategy is clear and sound, but execution is lacking.
Strategy is complex.
Strategy is complicated.
Strategy is crucial to winning.
Strategy is crucial.
Strategy is definitely a part of dealing with creatures as powerful as dragons.
Strategy is definitely the big thing in competitive curling, though.
Strategy is different in service businesses.
Strategy is direction and destination .
Strategy is discussed in many books and websites.
Strategy is discussed.
Strategy is driven just as much from the bottom as from the top.
Strategy is encapsulated in multi-year plans.
Strategy is essentially goal-oriented.
Strategy is everybody's business today.
Strategy is everything it seems.
Strategy is everything.
Strategy is execution.
Strategy is how to gain an advantage in a war involving planning and campaigning.
Strategy is important.
Strategy is in and of itself a complex discipline.
Strategy is just a refined version of violence.
Strategy is key here.
Strategy is key in the game of badminton .
Strategy is key in the game of badminton, and the game requires constant thinking and planning.
Strategy is key to survival, both on and off the battlefield.
Strategy is key to victory.
Strategy is key.
Strategy is like that too.
Strategy is long term and planned, tactics is more immediate and spontaneous.
Strategy is long term.
Strategy is more a compass than a map.
Strategy is more important than planning.
Strategy is more important than structure.
Strategy is more important than technology.
Strategy is more like a series of stepping stones.
Strategy is much more complex than simply collecting and using data.
Strategy is only as good as it is executed.
Strategy is optional.
Strategy is organic.
Strategy is our racing plan based on wind, wind shifts, and current.
Strategy is planned and a course of action is begun to achieve change because of that person.
Strategy is Preferable.
Strategy is rather straightforward.
Strategy is reasonably simple, but the game is difficult to win against a talented opponent.
Strategy is relatively easy when compared to finding and developing highly competent practitioners.
Strategy is required more than strength.
Strategy is second.
Strategy is separate and apart from any specific objective or result of the process.
Strategy is somewhat akin to sailboat racing.
Strategy is supposed to reduce the impact of major surprises.
Strategy is taught and many days are devoted to bouting.
Strategy is the art of making war on a map.
Strategy is the art of the general .
Strategy is the craft of the warrior.
Strategy is the easy part.
Strategy is the focus and execution, the goal.
Strategy is the framework for strategic and operational plans.
Strategy is the key concept that gives structure to future choices.
Strategy is the key here because there are very few overtaking opportunities.
Strategy is the key here.
Strategy is the key.
Strategy is the logic or rationale of a business that details both goals and methods of achievement.
Strategy is the map for achieving the goals and objectives of the mission statement.
Strategy is the only way to achieve a respectable score.
Strategy is the only word that can be said about the gameplay of the game.
Strategy is the overt managerial move to extend control.
Strategy is the planning on paper.
Strategy is the recognition of opportunity and a plan for seizing it.
Strategy is the thought and research that supports every solution.
Strategy is the unifying theme in case discussions.
Strategy is to algorithm.
Strategy is to build a solid team of consistant scorers.
Strategy is to buy the asset cheap and sell when market value rises.
Strategy is to list the advantages and disadvantages.
Strategy is to to charge in and take out weakest mech first.
Strategy is to use high quality data as much as possible and discard data that is questionable.
Strategy is too sensitive a profession, to be consigned to baboons.
Strategy is tough to carry out too.
Strategy is ubiquitous .
Strategy is used here to describe a methodology or process to achieve a specific goal.
Strategy is very important.
Strategy is what big companies do from the top down.
Strategy is what determines the message and the tactics for delivering it.
Strategy is what Generals do in developing broad battle plans for winning a war.
Strategy is what Risk offers, and it delivers.
Strategy isa idea.
Strategy isa thought.
Strategy lags behind technology in both the United States and Asia.
Strategy leading up to battle and the battles themselves are well covered.
Strategy leads budgets and programs.
Strategy lets the algorithm vary independently form clients that use it.
Strategy lets the algorithm vary independently from clients that use it.
Strategy lets the algorithm vary independently from the clients that use it.
Strategy lets the algorithms vary independently from clients that use it.
Strategy looks at the answers to find the solutions to needs that arise from the answers.
Strategy Make it easy to save and reuse remnants and scraps through good organization.
Strategy making in the American system is essentially a process of consensus building.
Strategy making is viewed as an organizationalwide phenomenon.
Strategy means choice.
Strategy means having a choice between two reasonable alternatives.
Strategy means nothing without tactics and programs to make it real.
Strategy means planning ahead in order to win.
Strategy minimizes unnecessary effort to achieve desired levels of patient care.
Strategy needs to mark off subsidiary goals, steps in a process of change.
Strategy occurs when members' follow hidden agendas.
Strategy offers a better way of managing code with a lot of conditional logic.
Strategy only drives business in China up to a point.
Strategy plays an important part in the game giving everyone an equal opportunity.
Strategy plays out at the end.
Strategy remains defensive and well diversified.
Strategy requires teamwork.
Strategy rests on choosing a unique position by offering a different mix of value than competitors.
Strategy rests on unique activities.
Strategy seeks to define practices that lead to greater profitability.
Strategy Sell put and Buy more put with a lower strike price.
Strategy sets a direction.
Strategy sets the timetable for efforts undertaken and reassesses relevance as conditions change.
Strategy spots the best routes, the road hazards, detours and shortcuts to that beacon.
Strategy still favours financials, energy, health care.
Strategy takes a definite role, as different weapons all have their strengths and weaknesses.
Strategy takes time to develop, time to execute, time to evaluate.
Strategy tends to conform to the capabilities of the existing culture.
Strategy then becomes the device that links past time and future time.
Strategy Throw it into their court, instead of out.
Strategy uses delegation to vary the entire algorithm.
Strategy When fighting bosses, try flying around the edge of the screen in a circular fashion.
Strategy wins only when the enemy is completely vanquished.
Strategy always comes first.
Strategies frequently revolve around unique market niches or growth opportunities.
All strategies are in the hands of Action teams which consist wholly of volunteers.
All strategies begin with the customer.
All strategies carry equal weight.
All strategies gracefully disappear.
All strategies have the potential to succeed or fail.
All strategies incorporate management techniques that improve patient care.
All strategies initially require a large dose of random input for each success.
All strategies propose measures to improve provision for walking and cycling.
All strategies require expenditure of energy to ensure a next generation.
All strategies result in many false positive tests.
Any strategy chosen to complete a large-scale sequencing project has pros and cons.
Any strategy is based upon a set of concerns.
Every strategy has certain performance implications.
Every Strategy has from two to four Segments.
Every strategy has holes.
Every strategy has to be consciously designed and regularly assessed.
Every strategy includes a number of objectives.
Many strategies are applicable to the regular classroom.
Many strategies are available for better tolerating the symptoms of menopause.
Many strategies are available for classroom management.
Many strategies are available to determine what is necessary to satisfy the unhappy customer.
Many strategies are available to growers attempting to adapt to the future.
Many strategies are available, but most important is having one.
Many strategies are available.
Many strategies are possible here.
Many strategies are possible, but virtually all good ones involve moving the sticks.
Many strategies are possible.
Many strategies are therefore implicit rather than explicit.
Many strategies are underway or are being proposed at national, state and community levels.
Many strategies exist for finding one.
Many strategies exist to help reduce the misuse of alcohol, especially by youth.
Many strategies exist to increase men's constructive participation in reproductive health.
Many strategies influence sample size and selection.
Many Strategies provide the opportunity to compound at a good rate of return.
Many strategies remain untried.
More strategies equal more success.
More strategy is involved and some intelligence is needed to be one of the best.
Most strategies achieve results.
Most strategies affect characteristics.
Most strategies affect outcomes.
Most strategies apply to problems.
Most strategies are at a relatively early stage of development.
Most strategies are used by companies.
Most strategies are used by large companies.
Most strategies are used by successful companies.
Most strategies can have consequences.
Most strategies can have negative consequences.
Most strategies carry capacity.
Most strategies consider freight issues.
Most strategies constrain or facilitate some other strategies.
Most strategies deal with problems.
Most strategies depend on ability.
Most strategies depend on conditions.
Most strategies depend on status.
Most strategies encourage expansion.
Most strategies encourage population expansion.
