Several programs help parents moving off welfare pay for child care.
Several programs involve congregation members in activities that promote fellowship and friendships.
Several programs offer advantages to students interested in engineering.
Several programs offer combinations of two or more areas of study.
Several programs offer early morning and late evening sessions.
Several programs offer laypersons the chance to participate in serious scientific fieldwork.
Several programs offer supplemental financial aid.
Several programs offer training in both technical skills and soft skills.
Several programs offer two year positions with a primary objective of training academicians.
Several programs operate across the Peninsula.
Several programs permit combined sensor input.
Several programs provide academic enrichment and career-directed activities for participants.
Several programs provide access to updates.
Several programs provide certification for kindergarten through grade twelve.
Several programs provide counseling and support services to older adults and their families.
Several programs provide feedback to writers.
Several programs provide optional compatibility with PDAs.
Several programs provide reviews of order history, customer backlog, and current order status.
Several programs provide students with numerous options for the accomplishment of individual goals.
Several programs report generating personal letters to Asian friends and alumni.
Several programs report that they are financially stressed.
Several programs require a fee, and most require advanced booking.
Several programs require an audition, interview, or submission of creative material.
Several programs require higher grade point averages.
Several programs require input of a set of spacegroup symmetry operators in O format.
Several programs require special admission procedures and application deadlines.
Several programs require students to furnish uniforms and special safety clothing.
Several programs require students to furnish uniforms and special safety equipment.
Several programs run through the book to show different techniques for the same problem.
Several programs serve special health needs of people with disabilities and high-risk persons.
Several programs serve the community at large.
Several programs share similar goals.
Several programs stress the integration of research and education.
Several programs take place during the holiday season.
Several programs target entire families, including children and youth.
Several programs teach by immersing players in the new language.
Several programs train dogs to guide the blind.
Several programmes focus on promoting enterprise in the inner city areas with least investment.
Several programmers can work on modules independent of each other.
Several programming exercises in a widely used programming language supplement the discussion.
Several projects address inverters and converters in support of electric vehicle projects.
Several projects appear to have hit snags.
Several projects are active in the acoustic sensors area.
Several projects are active to renew or reclaim the shoreline.
Several projects are already complete, and construction underway on the rest.
Several projects are already successfully underway.
Several projects are already under way and a seminar sequence is being planned.
Several projects are available for rotation students.
Several projects are available in the general area of alternative energy sources.
Several projects are available on topics involving quantum chaos and nuclear structure.
Several projects are available that involve veterinary terminologies.
Several projects are available.
Several projects are both ongoing and have been completed relative to the monitoring of vegetation.
Several projects are currently active.
Several projects are currently in development.
Several projects are currently under construction in the area.
Several projects are currently underway on the state's barrier islands.
Several projects are currently underway, each leading toward a biologically active natural product.
Several projects are currently underway.
Several projects are in different stages of progress.
Several projects are in lead optimization and one has entered pre-clinical evaluation.
Several projects are in operation or under construction.
Several projects are in progress or development as follows.
Several projects are in the design or exploration phases.
Several projects are in the making.
Several projects are in the pipeline.
Several projects are in the works.
Several projects are in various stages of production.
Several projects are interdisciplinary.
Several projects are national or multi-state in scope.
Several projects are now open for investigation.
Several projects are now under development.
Several projects are now underway and include the ones listed below.
Several projects are now underway.
Several projects are on there now, and the list grows daily.
Several projects are ongoing, being planned and reported upon in our department at any given time.
Several projects are ongoing.
Several projects are pending.
Several projects are still in the design stage.
Several projects are still under construction.
Several projects are under development.
Several projects are under way to pass that information on to the public.
Several projects are underway as pilot studies in cross-culturual, multimedia collaboration.
Several projects are underway in residence halls and recreational buildings.
Several projects are underway in the southeast.
Several projects are underway involving landscape change detection and analysis.
Several projects are underway that use toxin sequences for the development of therapeutic agents.
Several projects are underway to develop butternut resistant to butternut canker.
Several projects are underway to digitize public domain books and historical documents.
Several projects are underway to do just that.
Several projects are underway to produce 'complete picture' species profiles.
Several projects are underway which combine laboratory and clinical studies.
Several projects are underway with many more being planned.
Several projects compare law enforcement technology training needs with available technology tools.
Several projects deal specifically with the start-up decision.
Several projects deal with different processes for the recovery of dumping sites.
Several projects detail the physics of sports, including basketball, cycling, and hockey.
Several projects develop technology tools for law enforcement technology training needs.
Several projects do, however, have a duration of only two years.
Several projects emphasize mathematical models or computer simulations of reasoning.
Several projects explore the relation of energetics, structure, and surface area.
Several projects feature interpreted collection databases.
Several projects have more detailed research notes available.
Several projects have to do with the determinants and consequences of physical attractiveness.
Several projects have videos available, and most have additional background material available.
Several projects illustrate machine structure and programming techniques.
Several projects incorporate yearly festive events and recurring temporary installations.
Several projects investigate tactile sensing and dexterous manipulation.
Several projects investigate the use of feedback to improve medical laser systems.
Several projects investigating the mouse's habits are under way.
Several projects involve applications of fluid mechanics.
Several projects involve bacterial oxygenases.
Several projects involve cellulose modification during synthesis.
Several projects involve chemical modification or functionalization of existing polymers.
Several projects involve contract research for industry.
Several projects involve faculty and students working with neighborhood residents.
Several projects involve investigating the biosynthetic pathway of cell wall components.
Several projects involve students in global marketing research.
Several projects involve the participation in seagoing research expeditions.
Several projects involving their detection are now underway.
Several projects planned for the expansion and renovation of our schools are near completion.
Several projects produce national newsletters.
Several projects related to medical imaging are also in progress.
Several projects remain ongoing while some originally assigned actions had been terminated.
Several projects report efforts to increase African-American and male recruitment.
Several projects represent repeat business with satisfied contractor customers.
Several projects require expertise in one field or another.
Several projects require significant programming skills.
Several projects seek to improve trees' resistance to insects, herbicides, and disease.
Several projects stress environmental applications.
Several projects threaten to develop grassland habitats that are used by raptors for foraging.
Several promoters produce shows in more than one state.
Several properties distinguish frameworks from the other approaches.
Several properties distinguish wheat from the other major agronomic crops grown in Michigan.
Several proposals are also currently under review for extramural funding.
Several proposals are currently under review.
Several proposals are in the discussion stages and depend on proprietary arrangements.
Several proposals are on the table.
Several proposals are or have been under consideration.
Several proposals are under consideration.
Several proposals are worth considering.
Several proposals await adoption.
Several proposals have notable supporters but none has a majority so no action has been taken.
Several proposals help business.
Several proposals help small business.
Most several proposals help business.
Most several proposals help small business.
Several propositions are likely to raise strong feelings among voters.
Several proteins are required for the foot projections to wrap around the capillaries and function.
Several proteins are strong allergens even in their unfolded state.
Several proteins produced by plants are already in clinical trials in the United States.
Several proteins work together as a machine to replicate chromosomes.
Several protesters emerge from the melee with bloodied heads.
Several protocols are already online.
Several protocols are available for treatment.
Several protocols are available.
Several protocols deal with multiple address families.
Several Protoctists are multi-celled or large.
Several proverbs advise against being naive and too trusting without careful consideration.
Several providers interconnect Luxembourg to the major European data hubs.
Several providers offer solutions with low or no upfront costs.
Several Provinces have legal aid programmes to provide defence attorneys for indigents.
Several provinces have programs to reduce the environmental risk associated with irrigation.
Several provinces have programs where older people volunteer to take on a grandparenting role.
Several provinces have similar legislation already.
Several provisions exist to control the introduction and spread of some exotic species.
Several provisions follow.
Several provisions provide guidance.
Several provisions provide targeted relief to various taxpayers.
Several provisions relate to pooling local government employers to help stabilize rates.
Several provisions support the conversion of public schools to charter status.
Several psychologists are directly involved with product development.
Several psychologists get together and discuss why it is that people help each other.
Several pterosaurs begin to starve to death, with the lucky ones eating archosaur carcasses.
Several pubs have music on weekends and serve meals.
Several publications are available for free distribution.
Several publications are available for free downloading.
Several publications are available here.
Several publications are available in a full text HTML-version.
Several publications are available in electronic format.
Several publications are available on recycling and recycled materials.
Several publications are available online on issues of civil and criminal law and victim services.
Several publications are available online.
Several publications are available.
Several publications are currently available for teachers, students and industry professionals.
Several publications are now available in electronic form as indicated in the list below.
Several publications are on literacy and numeracy.
Several publications are on-line as indicated.
Several publications are under preparation.
Several publications deal with prevention of heart disease through diet.
Several publications describe the course of the experiment and the results.
Several publications discuss how to measure blood pressure.
Several publications discuss spec ific policies and programs in detail.
Several publications discuss various aspect of soil fertility.
Several publications featuring local wildlife are available for sale.
Several publications offer full-text articles.
Several publications provide an international perspective on privacy issues.
Several publications provide guidance on welding and cutting safety and on reducing fire hazards.
Several publications reflect such an attitude.
Several publications target federal market.
Some several publications relate to management.
Some several publications relate to soybean aphid management.
Several publishers do continue to market older software.
Several publishers have books available that provide report card samples.
Several publishers publish books designed to aid the lay person in legal matters.
Several publishers write phrasebooks that cover groups of neighboring countries.
Several pulsars show organized features such as drifting bands in a highly pronounced manner.
Several pupils are in theatre workshops locally and appear on TV and radio.
Several pushcarts carry specialty gift items.
Several puzzles remain.
Several qualifications are in order.
Several qualities deserve attention.
Several qualities sperate deep cycles from starting type batteries.
Several quarries use a fuel oil and compressed air torch to quarry large blocks of granite.
Several quests seem ta be bugged.
Several questions address the effectiveness of their TA as a teacher.
Several questions are likely to arise in a commissioner's mind.
Several questions are obvious.
Several questions are of interest.
Several questions arise as to the role of glutamate in the process of glaucomatous optic atrophy.
Several questions arise when looking at the vast amount of money that flows into campaign coffers.
Several questions arise.
Several questions await further study.
Several questions beg to be answered.
Several questions come to mind here.
Several questions come to mind when one first looks at the archaeological site at Cinnamon Bay.
Several questions come to mind.
Several questions come up.
Several questions confirm eligibility for a grant.
Several questions do come to mind.
Several questions emerge about student characteristics.
Several questions emerge.
Several questions exist with respect to the unit of culture notion.
Several questions follow each lecture.
Several questions have to be raised and answered before planning is done.
Several questions occur.
Several questions ought to come to mind.
Several questions refer to the structure sections.
Several questions regarding fatigue remain unanswered.
Several questions regarding the search process come to mind.
Several questions regarding tick evolution exist.
Several questions remain open regarding the placement of leg sensory organs.
Several questions remain open.
Several questions remain regarding the future risk of cancer in child survivors.
Several questions remain though.
Several questions remain to be addressed, however.
Several questions remain to be addressed.
Several questions remain to be answered.
Several questions remain unanswered concerning the conduct of the Chinese government.
Several questions remain unanswered in terms of the specific relationship the two diseases share.
Several questions remain unanswered.
Several questions remain unresolved.
Several questions remain with regard to an external evaluation.
Several questions remain, however.
Several questions remain.
Several questions run through the book.
Several questions seem to keep popping up over and over again.
Several questions surround the shell armbands.
Several quizzes follow the various grammar sections.
Several races give key committee volunteers a stipend.
Several racks are available on a daily basis.
Several racquets are available for use.
Several radiopharmaceuticals are now available for use in oncology.
Several railroads come to it and through it already.
Several railroads have excess cars which earn revenue through leasing to other roads.
Several railroads link Mozambican ports with other African countries.
Several ramps collect tolls as well.
Several ranges restrict the number of attempts or tables any competitor can shoot.
Several ratios measure the operational impact and performance levels of cooperative operations.
Several reactions lead to intermediates that are also intermediates of glycolysis.
Several readers can gather around a single Magic Book and experience it together.
Several readers can look at the same book and share the story together.
Several readers can read together.
Several readers provide cgi-bin and tricks to verify a DDS backup tape automatically after a backup.
Several readers say they found the book through our web site.
Several readings are on reserve in the library that are linked to assignments and practice sessions.
Several reasons account for sudden increase in divorce rate.
Several reasons account for the agencys problems.
Several reasons account for the site selection.
Several reasons are available to explain dependency of the retrieval time on the problem size.
Several reasons are possible.
Several reasons are responsible for the outstanding Austrian export figures to Indonesia.
Several reasons are to blame for dwindling salmon populations.
Several reasons arise as to the cause of the onslaught of recent garbage programming.
Several reasons can attribute to that fact.
Several reasons can be advanced to explain the local perception.
Several reasons come to mind.
Several reasons emerge for a lack of trust of the web.
Several reasons exist for clinically monitoring drugs with the aid of pharmacokinetics.
Several reasons exist for the delay.
Several reasons exist for the increase in self-representation.
Several reasons exist for the success of email notificiations and advertisements.
Several reasons exist to keep sexual offenders incarcerated.
Several reasons exist.
Several reasons explain credit unions' popularity among consumers.
Several reasons explain the good health of most state economies.
Several reasons explain the growing calls for setting up regional support mechanisms.
Several reasons explain the higher prices.
Several reasons explain why some manufacturers commit relatively few resources for measuring parts.
Several reasons point to the increase in beef demand.
Several reasons seem plain.
Several reasons speak against everyday, massive demonstrations.
Several reasons suggest only the second makes sense.
Several reasons suggest themselves.
Several reasons support close follow-up.
Several rebels dash down the stairs.
Several receivers can pick up the signal from a single transmitter.
Several recipes are available in their free catalog.
Several recipes exist and continue to be discovered.
Several recommendations aim at reducing time to degree and hence overall cost.
Several recommendations are made for the improvement of fish passage guidlines.
Several recommendations come to mind.
Several recommendations focus on efficiencies.
Several recommendations focus on increasing the amount of oil from foreign producers.
Several recommendations require private or non-profit sector action.
Several records exist of attacks on humans by wounded morays.
Several recordings give different realizations of the score.
Several reduction are possible.
Several reels contain portions of South Dakota.
Several references are also available for young students in the general and periodical categories.
Several references are available in the library.
Several references are to the great food.
Several references present ideas for making such classes effective.
Several references recommend drinking urine for sleeplessness.
Several references suggest that the fragrance is very similar to that of honey.
Several refinements are possible depending on the circumstance.
Several refineries use a leak definition lower than the regulatory limit.
Several reflections arise.
Several reforms are possible.
Several regimens can provide relief from hot flashes.
Several regimens emphasize early introduction of an intensive multidrug regimen.
Several region seem slightly, than an chicken opposite an finger gain.
Several regulations apply to the resettlement grants.
Several regulations are the same across sites.
Several regulations exist to help in the prevention of overspills as well.
Several relationships are a function of the physical lake characteristics.
Several relics survive from the island's time as a religious centre.
Several religions forbid homosexuality or bisexuality .
Several religions forbid homosexuality or bisexuality.
Several religions have a system of monasteries.
Several rentals come with a boat, dock space, bicycle or golf cart provided in the rental's price.
Several repellents are effective against mosquitoes.
Several reports are available .
Several reports are available in full text, just click on the highlighted articles.
Several reports are available including a Schedule D Capital Gains and Losses report.
Several reports are available including the workplace chemical list.
Several reports are available on a periodic basis for tax reporting and analysis.
Several reports are available online.
Several reports are available that describe the research conducted thus far.
Several reports are available to assist the investigator or administrator to monitor spending.
Several reports are available.
Several reports are of interest to policymakers.
Several reports deal with assessment and, indirectly, standards.
Several reports deal with nutrient loading.
Several reports discuss the return of U.S. companies to Iraq to conduct secret negotiations.
Several reports exist of x-ray studies showing calcification of the basal ganglia.
Several reports exist on the efficacy of topical tretinoin.
Several reports indicate saw palmetto is effective in treating benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Several reports indicate that fusarium crown rot is cranking up on tomato.
Several reports link insulin-dependent diabetes to a specific protein in dairy products.
Several reports note residual effects for several days.
Several reports offer a variety of sort and selection criteria.
Several reports say that respondents expect continued construction weakness in the near future.
Several reports show correlation between ethnic backgrounds and common symptom groupings.
Several reports show the development of renal cell carcinoma in Tuberous sclerosis patients.
Several reports suggest that the gelatin in such vaccines can cause anaphylaxis.
Several reports support the value of multimedia.
Several reporters describe movements of waterfowl into the state.
Several requirements exist when enabling new export functionality.
Several requirements follow.
Several requirements refer to pre-engineering or professional program courses.
Several researchers are interested in interpersonal relationship dynamics.
Several researchers cite instances.
Several researchers cite some success with medications in the treatment of derealisation.
Several researchers claim that they have discovered a way to do just that.
Several researchers conduct trials.
Several researchers consider unopposed estrogen to be the only known cause of endometrial cancer.
Several researchers indicate that there is no effect.
Several researchers recommend fairy ring infected turf areas be fumigated.
Several researchers report preference.
Several researchers suspect auditory dysfunction in stutterers.
Several researchers urge that statistics be collected starting with elementary school.
Most several researchers cite instances.
Most several researchers conduct trials.
Most several researchers report preference.
Some several researchers report availability.
Some several researchers report raspberries.
Several residences have living rooms.
Several residences have rooms accessible to residents with disabilities.
Several residents are behind in quarterly payments by several quarters.
Several residents are starkly self-sufficient, living in cabins with no amenities.
Several residents are students in the community college or community universities.
Several residents blame the council for years of neglect to the flats.
Several residents choose to participate in school and community recreation programs.
Several residents have articles published in journals each year.
Several residents have water in their basement, or near the basement floor.
Several residents keep the library running smoothly.
Several residents maintain dog teams.
Several residents own their own homes in desirable areas of town.
Several residents participate in blanket weaving, jewelry making and moccasin sewing.
Several residents say they've been sickened by the contamination.
Several residents swear they filled out their census forms last year.
Several resistors are wired in series.
Several resolutions are available.
Several resolutions deal with issues related to worship.
Several resorts are in the vicinity.
Several resorts cater to kayakers.
Several resorts dominate the island and offer top-notch cuisine and luxurious accomodations.
Several resorts offer both guide service and snowmobile rentals.
Several resorts offer discounts and fishing packages for spring vacationers.
Several resorts offer elephant trekking and bamboo rafting in one package.
Several resorts offer mountain biking during summer months, some even offer lift-accessed trails.
Several resorts offer reasonable cottage rentals.
Several resorts provide international, five-star standards of service and facilities.
Several resorts remain open during the winter months.
Several resorts surround the lake.
Several resources are available for consumers.
Several resources are available to aid with the identification of foreign drugs.
Several resources are available to assist investigators in the search for alternatives.
Several resources are available to explain the process.
Several resources are available to help determine the full title of the journal.
Several resources are available to YWCAs as they plan activities and events around the day.
Several resources are available.
Several resources exist for AutoCAD technical information.
Several resources exist for seniors who are or have been abused.
Several resources exist on the Web, including guides and tutorials.
Several resources exist outside the classroom as well to help students look for and pursue jobs.
Several resources exist to access available funding opportunities.
Several resources exist to help.
Several resources related to javascript are available online.
Several respondents mention adverse effects of foreign imports.
Several respondents receive market-driven raises or bonuses.
Several respondents use multiple methods.
Several responses demonstrate the variety found in coalitions as they begin.
Several responsibilities accompany the privilege of attending the meetings with financial support.
Several restaurants are also close by.
Several restaurants are also nearby.
Several restaurants are also within a few minute's walk from the terminal.
Several restaurants are available in the immediate vicinity for lunch.
Several restaurants are in the vicinity, as well as a fitness facility and attractions.
Several restaurants are nearby for a quick bite to eat.
Several restaurants are nearby.
Several restaurants are next to the hotel.
Several restaurants are within a three minute drive.
Several restaurants are within driving distance of both the hotel and the training lab.
Several restaurants are within easy walking distance, and they'll quickly toss something together.
Several restaurants are within walking distance for lunch and dinner.
Several restaurants are within walking distance of the campus.
Several restaurants are within walking distance.
Several restaurants boast of a century long tradition in satisfying the appetites of the citizens.
Several restaurants favored by local residents provide a wide range of luncheon treats.
Several restaurants give flat-rate discounts only to college seniors.
Several restaurants have facilities for club meetings and private parties.
Several restaurants have live music on weekends throughout the year.
Several restaurants offer a variety of food and beverages.
Several restaurants offer a variety of lunch items.
Several restaurants offer meal vouchers and group dining discounts.
Several restaurants offer outdoor dining and ocean views.
Several restaurants operate on market day and our favorite is right on the waterside.
Several restaurants provide various types of foods and small grocery stores provide camp foods.
Several restaurants serving traditional Ethiopian fare also offer tej on the menus.
Several restaurants sit on or near the square.
Several restaurants validate parking stubs from nearby lots and garages.
Several restrictions apply because of the style of the resort.
Several restrictions apply in both opportunities.
Several restrictions apply, so click here for complete details.
Several restrictions apply.
Several restrictions exist in implementing the initiative.
Several restrictions limit the account's appeal.
Several restrictions limit the deduction for home-office expenses.
Several results are apparent from the table.
Several results are immediately obvious.
Several results are interesting.
Several results are of particular importance in considering interoperability with campus desktops.
Several results are surprising.
Several results concerning the existence of hamiltonian circuits refer to the closure of a graph.
Several results suggest that the rox RNAs are redundant in their function.
Every several result is threatened and judged by that which follows.
Several reviews are in the works for the site.
Several reviewers complain about the humor in the book being inappropriate to the subject matter.
Several reviewers complain of faulty statistics, system slowdowns, and even crashes.
Several reviewers consider letter to be too encompassing.
Several reviewers underline the novel's ironic and satirical aspect.
Several rinses are often necessary to remove all residue.
Several rinses are often necessary to thoroughly remove cleaning solution residue.
Several rituals surround hunting activities, both propitiatory and expiatory.
Several rivers are above or near flood stage.
Several rivers flow from south to north, forming spectacular waterfalls.
Several rivers flow through the county with willows and poplars along their banks.
Several rivers influence the Yellow Sea.
Several rivers rise in the park and there are many beautiful waterfalls.
Several rivers run the risk of becoming dead because of industrial pollution.
Several rivers traverse the province.
Several roads are closed.
Several roads are inaccessible to ordinary vehicles.
Several roads are open to snowmobilers, and snowmobiles can be rented in the area.
Several roads are within the area.
Several roads follow feeder streams through small valleys then ascend up to a maze of forest roads.
Several roads have bike lanes.
Several roads lead down to the lake.
Several roads remain closed in Parker County due to flooding resulting from heavy thunderstorms.
Several roads remain closed in Washington County due to flooding.
Several roads require four-wheel drive utility vehicles.
Several roads run through the area.
Several roadways lead to various locations on the site.
Several robots are also available.
Several robots lurk in the corners as sentinels monitoring the collections.
Several robots take it from here.
Several rock outcrops along trails provide stunning views of the surrounding area.
Several rocks obstruct the entrance to the bay.
Several rodents have ears.
Most several rodents have ears.
Several roles are available for young and middle-aged men and women, and Asian women.
Several rookeries present along with bald eagle and osprey nests.
Several rookeries present.
Several rooms are accessible for people with disabilities.
Several rooms are accessible to the disabled.
Several rooms are air-conditioned, whereas a baby cot is available for free, upon request.
Several rooms are already open for online viewing.
Several rooms are currently under renovation.
Several rooms are extra courses throughout North America.
Several rooms are handicap accessible and some are designated as non-smoking.
Several rooms are very cozy, with wood burning fireplaces looking out onto pines.
Several rooms come with optional off-street parking.
Several rooms comprise a living room, while others include a baby cot.
Several rooms depict various original print shops.
Several rooms feature four-poster or canopy beds, as well as balcony views.
Several rooms have a private porch or separate entrance too.
Several rooms have a terrace overlooking the lake.
Several rooms have a working fireplace.
Several rooms have additional ammenities which are listed in their specific description.
Several rooms have Civil War themes to their decor.
Several rooms have fireplaces and all are air-conditioned.
Several rooms have fireplaces and frescoed ceilings.
Several rooms have fireplaces, private balconies, a jacuzzi or a deluxe soaking tub.
Several rooms have fireplaces, whirlpool baths, and private decks, and all have sublime vistas.
Several rooms have four poster beds.
Several rooms have Jacuzzi style tubs.
Several rooms have large rugs.
Several rooms have private balconies overlooking the cricket pitch.
Several rooms have private decks, and all have large, luxurious bathrooms and tubs.
Several rooms have private terraces.
Several rooms have private verandas, and full breakfast is served.
Several rooms have the computer installed in the video cabinet.
Several rooms have VCRs.
Several rooms have whirlpool tubs and private porches.
Several rooms have whirlpool tubs for two.
Several rooms have wood-burning fireplaces.
Several rooms have working fireplaces, kitchenettes and two-person whirlpool baths.
Several rooms intercommunicate and bunk beds and cots are available for families.
Several rooms offer a panoramic view over the Moray Firth.
Several rooms offer a relaxing view of the pool and lanai.
Several rooms offer luxuries, baths and fireplaces.
Several rooms offer ocean views.
Several rooms offer oceanfront porches.
Several rooms share common showers on the corridors.
Several rotations are at other facilities to take advantage of special patient populations.
Several rotors are available including forward, backward, and radial bladed rotors.
Several routes access the lake.
Several routes are available for feeding the cat.
Several routes are available here, all leading back to our White Iron Lake base location.
Several routes are possible, but no one has set a single formal grade route yet.
Several routes are possible.
Several routes have motor-rail facilities.
Several routes help ensure safety for all fuel and pressure items in school settings.
Several routes lead hikers into the Tombstone Range in the Northern Klondike region.
Several routines produce graphic displays of computational results automatically.
Several rubrics are important.
Several rules apply to help keep riders safe.
Several rules are apparent from an overview of our data bank.
Several rules are due for proposal in the spring.
Several rules govern access to off-site practica.
Several rules guide river travel.
Several rules rule A few ground rules dominate the game.
Several rumors exist.
Several runs are, according to our fishery scientists, at serious risk of extinction.
Several runners fall to their doom off the steep, multi-hundred feet precipices every year.
Several runners misread the course and failed to include loop around recreational vehicles.
Several rust diseases infect larch.
Several sailor hold sharply, next most autumn since an commerce come.
Several sailors smoke cigars in various scenes throughout the movie.
Several saints have ladders as one of their attributes because of their visions or teachings.
Several Saints pull double duty on special teams.
Several salads are available at the deli, such as the signature beet salad.
Several sales are pending.
Several salvias are perennials.
Several samples are available for download.
Several samples are available to view.
Several samples show mineral assemblages suggesting possible granulite facies metamorphism.
Several sand beaches down the lake make a nice lunch spot to go with the swimming.
Several satellites measure the height of waves at the sea surface.
Several sauces are available for dipping.
Several scale insects prey on citrus trees.
Several scales are available.
Several scanners are able to detect also non-viral malware.
Several scanners are available for use.
Several scenarios are envisaged.
Several scenarios are possible and are described below.
Several scenarios are possible including that of a third party Independent Metadata Provider.
Several scenarios are possible.
Several scenarios come to mind.
Several scenarios exist for the court's ruling.
Several scenes appear arbitrarily placed without proper context.
Several scenes are jaw-drop amazing.
Several scenes benefit from a stark soundtrack of piano and marimba.
Several scenes deserve mention.
Several scenes feel hollow, like reenactments of the novel.
Several scenes have moderately tense music.
Several scenes have the three young men together.
Several scenes rely strictly on body humor and slapstick mannerisms.
Several scenes seem to take too much time to develop.
Several scenes show cavepeople locked in mortal combat with giant snakes and Mastadons.
Several scenes show dead bodies strewn on ground.
Several scenes show the occasional British grenadier mixed in with hat companies.
Several scenes take place in misty surroundings, and the overall mood is relentlessly grim.
Several scenes take place in the house where the main characters live.
Several schemes assist managing programmer activity so that fewer bugs are produced.
Several scholars agree that here it means the glory of achievements, the consequences of risk.
Several scholars examine the witness of Scripture and of church history on communion.
Several scholars note the increasing tendency to substitute ethnicity for race.
Several scholars place it on an hygienic basis.
Several scholarships allow students to apply the money to the school of their choice.
Several scholarships are also available to qualified employees.
Several scholarships are available annually.
Several scholarships are available each year to deserving undergraduate students.
Several scholarships are available for academically qualified students.
Several scholarships are available for admitted students.
Several scholarships are available for foreign language majors and minors.
Several scholarships are available for graduating seniors.
Several scholarships are available for microbiology majors.
Several scholarships are available for off-campus study.
Several scholarships are available for outstanding students.
Several scholarships are available for qualified mechanical engineering students.
Several scholarships are available for sophomores, juniors, seniors and graduate students.
Several scholarships are available for students based on academic merit and other factors.
Several scholarships are available for students from the Hartford, Connecticut area.
Several scholarships are available for students planning to study in Japan.
Several scholarships are available for students who are unable to pay the fee.
Several scholarships are available for suitable applicants.
Several scholarships are available from private companies and foundations.
Several scholarships are available through regional community organizations and professional groups.
Several scholarships are available through the department.
Several scholarships are available to incoming freshmen majors.
Several scholarships are available to new and continuing students.
Several scholarships are available to potential occupational therapists.
Several scholarships are available to qualified English majors.
Several scholarships are available to students for the semester in which they student teach.
Several scholarships are available to students majoring in one of the technology disciplines.
Several scholarships are available to students.
Several scholarships are available which are specifically designated for physics majors.
Several scholarships are available.
Several scholarships based on merit are available, which vary in amount and are awarded annually.
Several scholarships require an essay or statement to accompany the completed application.
Several scholarships require the completion of a scholarship application form.
Several schools accept boarders.
Several schools are also closed in Laguna.
Several schools are in the midst of planting gardens.
Several schools are in Washington.
Several schools are nearby.
Several schools are private, parochial, and special academic education schools.
Several schools can agree to schedule training together in order to share the cost.
Several schools cater for boarding students.
Several schools have a group of students who are responsible for their light patrol.
Several schools have an excellent shot at winning.
Several schools have internal television video networks that send video outputs to each classroom.
Several schools have outdoor facitilites that are located away from the actual school site.
Several schools have policies, but they are found in various places.
Several schools have shops where milk and sandwiches are sold.
Several schools have technology grants.
Several schools have weather instruments right in the classroom.
Several schools have well-stocked theological bookstores.
Several schools offer ROTC programs for students interested in military careers.
Several schools offer special arts programs.
Several schools operate out of the Caribbean.
Several schools provide horseriding tuition and escorted hacks.
Several schools provide parents with their own space at the school.
Several schools provide staff development classes or seminars for principals.
Several schools publish their own literary and art anthologies.
Several schools receive extra money to hire additional teachers and lower class sizes.
Several schools require a bachelor's degree for entrance.
Several schools require public service from their students.
Several schools run or plan library-based computerized databases, mediatheques, or Internet classes.
Several schools take band competition seriously and have won state honors.
Several schools teach hairdressing and beauty treatments in Indonesia.
Several schools travel to the West Coast to interview applicants.
Several schoolgirls show their wet slits and wait for huge cocks.
Several scientists contribute.
Several screens contain words in bold green text.
Several scribes see their role as master of, rather than servant to, the text.
Several scrips are in the no-deliver period and as a result, out of badla statistics.
Several scriptures prove that.
Several searches are in the works.
Several seasons experience leading extended trips in wilderness settings.
Several seats are also up for re-election on the city and county school boards.
Several seats are still available for the performances.
Several seconds can elapse during the creation of an image without thermal distortion occurring.
Several seconds is a minimum.
Several seconds pass.
Several sections appear to overlap or deal with similar issues.
Several sections are available.
Several sections are devoted to important, typical applications.
Several sections are for public notice and are therefore free to list and others have a minimal fee.
Several sections are incomplete.
Several sections are still under development.
Several sections are very steep.
Several sections consist of only one or two sentences each.
Several sections cover scientific subjects such as glaciers and atmospheric pressure.
Several sections deal specifically with visitor concerns.
Several sections devoted to recommended films from a variety of countries follows.
Several sections give a brief but significant discussion on symmetry groups.
Several sections give general comments on languages of Mexico.
Several sections have a brief introduction to familiarize the reader with the contents following.
Several sections have continuing education committees.
Several sections have Indiana and Ohio-related information.
Several sections have steep grades.
Several sections illustrate actual TAM inflatable packer applications.
Several sections provide immediate information to upcoming events, news and other chess tidbits.
Several sections publish law journals in conjunction with Texas law schools.
Several sections remain unfilled.
Several sections require short episodes of portaging uphill.
Several sections sponsor additional meetings at other times of the year.
Several sectors are still closed.
Several seedlings grow from each seed.
Several segments come closer to more traditional imagery.
Several selection are available.
Several selections are available.
Several selections do well in our soils and climate.
Several sellers ensures usually, before lots company during a lunch swam.
Several seminars take place every afternoon.
Several senators are on record as applauding the idea.
Several seniors look forward to teaching after graduation.
Several sensors detect the disposition of the product for presence and proper deployment.
Several sensors placed on a robot's hand enable the computer.
Several sentences require correction in that they are misleading.
Several sequences are available.
Several sequences suggest that part of the essence of urban life is speed.
Several sequences turn out to be dreams, one of which involves the filming of a dream sequence.
Several sequences work like classic silent comedy sketches.
Several sequential stages span million years.
Several sequential stages span years.
Several series are subject to access restrictions.
Several series remain.
Several servers can be host to replicas of any given partition.
Several servers handle double overflow but few handle underflow.
Several services are available at no cost to the church.
Several services are available at very reasonable rates.
Several services are available to assist residents, fellows and faculty in writing research papers.
Several services are available to builders and developers.
Several services are available to current students, alumni, faculty, and administrators.
Several services are avaliable.
Several services are fee-based.
Several services are free of charge .
Several services are now available on the Internet.
Several services exist for free content.
Several services offer job-site recycling consultations as well.
Several services offer transportation for elderly and disabled persons.
Several servos allow the head to tilt and the eyes to actually follow moment.
Several sessions are available for college credit or teacher re-certification.
Several sessions are available.
Several sessions are devoted to gender history.
Several sessions are devoted to the topic of government information.
Several sessions are workshops with a number of PC's for actual hands-on training.
Several sessions deal directly with subjects related to the Jubilee mission theme.
Several sessions have three papers.
Several settings make it easy for even non-artistic users to make quality looking web graphics.
Several settings show how the ring changes it's shape.
Several settings work well.
Several settlers proceed to the island.
Several sheets are now available in digital format, with others being planned.
Several sheets have text typed on a separate sheet of paper stapled to it.
Several sheets make up single ad.
Several shelves line the walls.
Several shelters operate shuttle vans from their shelter to social services.
Several shelters provide views of the outdoor enclosure.
Several ships are in the sea.
Several ships make a chain that link two remote points.
Several ships meet monthly for lunch and special speakers.
Several shipwrecks make excellent diving excursions.
Several shops are along a lower floor arcade.
Several shops are open, plus a restaurant, and several rental car agencies.
Several shops offer rental equipment, licenses, tackle and instruction.
Several shops offer skate rental by the hour, half-day or full day.
Several shops offer traditional cowboy attire.
Several shops sell handicraft and there is a cafeteria, making it ideal for family visits.
Several shops sell water-proof booklets that aid in identifying undersea flora and fauna.
Several shortcomings present themselves.
Several shots are so gorgeous they are almost unfair.
Several shots ring out.
Some several shot shows scenes.
Several shows have girls as main characters.
Several siblings help, since family socialization is a good training ground.
Several sidebars give detailed explanations as exemplified by one on Shampoo Therapy.
Several sights are very close to the city.
Several signs are suggestive.
Several signs point to a possible agreement.
Several signs point to revived interest in the organ.
Several signatures are required, so plan accordingly.
Several signers are supporters of the death penalty.
Several simulations demonstrate the efficacy of the method.
Several simulators exist for training tanker pilots.
Several singles have a different picture sleeve in some countries.
Several site reports with wonderful photographs of excavations.
Several sites act as Web ring directories, offering lists and descriptions of Web rings by category.
Several sites address U.S. agricultural adaptations.
Several sites aimed at food professionals are remarkably bookmark-able.
Several sites are able to accommodate disabled students with adaptive furniture.
Several sites are available to get information on known viruses and new ones as they are found.
Several sites are available via the Internet that provide clip art, some without charge.
Several sites are available.
Several sites are cross referenced within the document.
Several sites are handicap accessible.
Several sites are near the lakeshore and have boat tie-ups.
Several sites are now compilations of listings from other sites.
Several sites are open six or seven days each week.
Several sites are particularly helpful.
Several sites are right on the ocean overlooking private beach.
Several sites are still under construction.
Several sites are under consideration.
Several sites are under review regarding new instructions for testing.
Several sites are wheelchair accessible.
Several sites are wheelchair-accessible.
Several sites can accommodate large trailers and RVs.
Several sites can help students get started.
Several sites charge for access, some are free.
Several sites come to mind.
Several sites consolidate all the airline deals.
Several sites contain free programs that can be downloaded.
Several sites contain information on fellowships and internships.
Several sites contain materials to help children learn about hearing conservation.
Several sites contain outdated links.
Several sites contain writer's guidelines to book publishers.
Several sites contribute to our resource library.
Several sites demonstrate that managed care can redirect resources.
Several sites deserve special comment.
Several sites exist as tribute to pet devotion.
Several sites exist to alert people to scams and hacked sites.
Several sites explore topics further.
Several sites focus on the geology of specific parks.
Several sites follow.
Several sites have a wealth of information to help one understand, generate, and review metadata.
Several sites have adult issues.
Several sites have charcoal grates.
Several sites have collections of example scripts.
Several sites have great lists of who's where, and what they've been voting on.
Several sites have horse corrals, and all have water and electricity.
Several sites have information on workshops or seminars that are available to classroom teachers.
Several sites have more information on the living muskox.
Several sites have multiple observations, to allow studies of seasonal variation.
Several sites have notices indicating who sponsors a site with a link off to the site.
Several sites have projects that are fun and easy to make.
Several sites have sections dedicated to students and teachers.
Several sites have site-specific implementation plans.
Several sites have syllabi and other resources for teaching the general history of education.
Several sites have their own links to other valuable sites.
Several sites help teens plan career choices.
Several sites list movies on television.
Several sites list topics which are still under construction.
Several sites maintain archives of law-related mailing lists and discussion groups .
Several sites maintain book reviews of interest.
Several sites maintain stats on the size and scale of the net.
Several sites make an index of RFCs available.
Several sites make rumors their stock in trade.
Several sites mention that it rains almost daily, usually in the evenings or overnight.
Several sites offer a fee for search option.
Several sites offer a wonderful overview of the process of development from conception to birth.
Several sites offer assistance for consumers who are considering the lease option.
Several sites offer books and articles for download, some for free.
Several sites offer extensive links to related materials.
Several sites offer extensive listings of positions available .
Several sites offer guidelines for citing electronic resources.
Several sites offer live online tutoring.
Several sites offer more detailed help.
Several sites offer more detailed information about benchmarking.
Several sites offer more information about the archaeological work.
Several sites offer privacy, boulders, views, etc.
Several sites offer tourist and other information about the Washington, D.C. area.
Several sites provide anonymizer services.
Several sites provide comprehensive listings of bird-related sites on the Internet.
Several sites provide free information or searches.
Several sites provide information and sources.
Several sites provide national telephone directory search.
Several sites provide online, interactive, clinical prediction tools.
Several sites publish quality poetry and online poetry forums are numerous and varied.
Several sites related to American Indian history and culture are in the region.
Several sites seek to be portals or clearing houses of information on biotechnology.
Several sites serve as excellent starting points for children on the Web.
Several sites show typical frequencies for functional groups, e.g .
Several sites specialize in working with creative talent.
Several sites track sales data and pricing trends to estimate current market values.
Several sites use elaborate sales promotions.
Several situations can cause delay or non-receipt of compensation.
Several situations can make livestock difficult to handle.
Several situations warrant court action.
Several sizes are a good idea for protecting camera , film, books and other small items.
Several sizes are available for all products.
Several sizes are available for any application.
Several sizes are available in retail packs for easy re-sale.
Several sizes are available to accommodate different cable diameters.
Several sizes are available to order.
Several sizes are available, depending on quantities to be stored.
Several sizes are available.
Several sizes are in use.
Several sizes survive in collections in Berlin and Prague covering sizes from soprano to bass.
Several skaters zip around.
Several sketches appear to be studies for paintings.
Several skills are necessary to get along successfully with other people.
Several skylights let rays from the sun swoop down into the room like a big bird.
Several slaves stand on platform.
Several sleds go out at any one time.
Several slide shows on mammal topics are also available separately.
Several slide shows on mammal topics are available separately.
Several slides show moon rocks in situ before collection.
Several slides show the evolution and breakup before the impact.
Several sliders control laser parameters that serve to modify how the applet functions.
Several slits are available.
Several sloths can live in a similar home range without competing for food or space.
Several small mammals feed on fruit.
Several small mammals ingest diets.
Several small mammals ingest protein diets.
Several snapshots covering the installation of the device are here .
Several snippets follow.
Several snorkels come with purge valves near the mouth piece.
Several societies have careers materials on line.
Several societies offer grants, on a competitive basis, to support graduate research.
Several softball pitching machine on bare, main bottle bind no rough vegetables on whatever detail.
Several software glitches in first edition.
Several soldiers are dead following a helicopter crash in south-central Kentucky.
Several soldiers compete in kickboxing and several blows are delivered to faces and bodies.
Several soloists strain or go out of tune on notes that they nail elsewhere in the same song.
Several solutions are available commercially.
Several solutions are available.
Several solutions are now on offer.
Several solutions are possible.
Several solutions can alleviate heat build-up.
Several solutions can prevent unauthorized access to a computer system.
Several songs are barely in their infancy.
Several songs are currently available.
Several songs are expository statements delivered over simple musical arrangements.
Several songs are in order before the preaching commences.
Several songs are originals. too.
Several songs are overt statements of faith.
Several songs are that way.
Several songs employ a string section.
Several songs feature a prominent acoustic guitar.
Several songs feature a soloist.
Several songs feature that scratching effect, the kind records had by accident.
Several songs feature uncommon instruments like the marimba, pedabro, dobro and violect.
Several songs have a more self-reflective quality, though still phrased in blunt and brutal terms.
Several songs have nothing to do with spiritual issues.
Several songs sit at the dark end of the electronic alley.
Several songs speak directly of Hawaii.
Several songs stand out in particular as awesome examples of the band's strength.
Several songs use background noises that underscore the vocals nicely.
Several sources are available for acquiring assistive technology devices for infants and toddlers.
Several sources are available to investigate graduate programs.
Several sources are available.
Several sources believe that most world religions have some foundation in sound current teachings.
Several sources can contribute errors in the measured position of a target.
Several sources can provide curriculum and program guides as well as technical assistance.
Several sources can provide information on the parks in the Bay Area.
Several sources cite similar procedures and outcomes, though without sharing statistical results.
Several sources come to mind.
Several sources confirm it.
Several sources contribute to emissions of VOCs.
Several sources exist for advice regarding the completion of the necessary paperwork.
Several sources exist for feedback on graduates' performance.
Several sources exist for obtaining names of attorneys.
Several sources exist for selecting books by country.
Several sources exist.
Several sources have books available on the Colorado penal code.
Several sources indicate it was the first commercial gypsum mining operation in the United States.
Several sources list four general methods of raising money.
Several sources make available recurring grants.
Several sources make multistate research easier by reprinting state statutes on particular subjects.
Several sources offer rugs for sale, or directly from weavers.
Several sources offer such resources.
Several sources provide a more general, narrative introduction to state courts.
Several sources provide almost every accessory to do the job right.
Several sources provide automobile retail values.
Several sources provide background information on legislative processes.
Several sources provide criteria for evaluating student writing.
Several sources provide detailed steps to follow and sample forms.
Several sources provide information on opportunities for education or training mobility in Europe.
Several sources provide overviews.
Several sources report that opossums are great predators of roof rats.
Several sources say, however, that France is much closer to the former than to the latter.
Several sources suggest a possible hereditary component.
Most several sources provide overviews.
Several spaces are available for trailer camping.
Several spaces are the same as one space.
Several speakers are already committed.
Several speakers are on the program.
Several speakers offer free literature, newsletters or catalogs.
Several speakers present material on a variety of general topics throughout the day.
Several specialists teach the workshops and course.
Several specialities are available within each.
Several specialties have their own matching programs.
Several species answer to the name, and they are found in temperate regions around the world.
Several species appear to use Conception Bay as a spawning ground.
Several species are a source of fiber.
Several species are able to quickly develop in temporary pool and ponds.
Several species are already extinct in the wild.
Several species are already out of stock.
Several species are also open year-round.
Several species are also popular in the aquarium trade.
Several species are among the most significant biting pests.
Several species are available, with variations in flower color and shape.
Several species are busy breeding and feeding young.
Several species are common in North American caves.
Several species are common just below low-tide mark around the British coast.
Several species are cultivated as border-plants in Europe.
Several species are cultivated for ornament, sometimes under the name cone-head.
Several species are cultivated to furnish twigs for basket-making.
Several species are cultivated under the name twisted-fiower.
Several species are economically important as pests of mushrooms, but others attack only wild fungi.
Several species are economically important in Asia.
Several species are endemic to the deserts of Central Asia.
Several species are epiphytes growing in mossy trees.
Several species are excellent ornamentals.
Several species are extinct.
Several species are extremely poisonous and cause severe illness or death when eaten.
Several species are found in large numbers.
Several species are found in U.S. coastal waters.
Several species are harvested as cereals during times of famine.
Several species are harvested for heart of palm , a vegetable eaten in salads.
Several species are important food fish.
Several species are important pollinators of sunflowers.
Several species are indistinguishable from one another on morphological grounds.
Several species are Known as wHd hyaoMh.
Several species are known by the name.
Several species are known in the northern oceans and in the Mediterranean Sea.
Several species are known, and paleontologists differ as to the interpretation of the fossils.
Several species are migratory , either wholly or partly so.
Several species are migratory or partly migratory, while some populations are resident.
Several species are more typically Mediterranean or of Eastern distribution.
Several species are native to Asia and at least one has been introduced from Europe.
Several species are native to the Southeast and they are described here.
Several species are new to science and found nowhere else.
Several species are notable garden additions.
Several species are notorious for their readiness to bite humans.
Several species are now extinct and once-thriving populations have diminished in numbers.
Several species are of global economic importance.
Several species are of some commercial importance.
Several species are parasitic, and take over nests from closely related species.
Several species are partial parasites.
Several species are poisonous.
Several species are popular as both outdoor landscape plants and indoor potted plants.
Several species are quite colourful.
Several species are quite rare.
Several species are resident throughout the year.
Several species are significant medicinally.
Several species are thermophilic.
Several species are tuberous rooted.
Several species are unique to the island, while some others have been introduced.
Several species are used to convert milk into cheese, butter, and yogurt.
Several species are valuable food fish.
Several species are valued wild food items.
Several species are weeds in Canada.
Several species are well represented also within the Vertebrates.
Several species avoid cold winters by moving, or migrating, to warmer areas where food is available.
Several species become very large for the aquarium.
Several species can be aggressive in certain habitats.
Several species can cause disease in humans.
Several species contain sapogenins .
Several species die soon after reproduction.
Several species do, including hammerheads and mackerel sharks.
Several species eat herring roe.
Several species eat moths.
Several species eat the fruit but void the seeds.
Several species engage in sometimes-sophisticated brooding behavior.
Several species exhibit sexual dimorphism .
Several species exhibit sexual dimorphism in that the females are larger than males.
Several species exist in Iowa.
Several species exist nowhere else in the world.
Several species feed on birch.
Several species form pairs and they have been known to stay together for the entire breeding season.
Several species form their own shelters by modifying leaves.
Several species form very dense thickets in salty soils in Paraguay.
Several species give birth and rear young in protected coastal bays and lagoons.
Several species grow larger there despite the lower rainfall than in the agricultural zone.
Several species have a history of medicinal use.
Several species have a very reduced snout, which appears little more than a protruding lower lip.
Several species have a white-tipped tail, and some have a dark band around the middle of the tail.
Several species have bright yellow underparts, from the ornate flycatcher to the great kiskadee .
Several species have edible fruit.
Several species have no colony workers.
Several species have numerous small iridescent spots on their backs.
Several species have numerous subspecies and wide distributions.
Several species have red, orange, or yellow patches on the head and neck.
Several species have roots with nitrogen-fixing actinomycetes.
Several species have seeds, which are dispersed by animals.
Several species have short elytra leaving the last few segments of the abdomen exposed.
Several species have slender, elongated snouts.
Several species have small pockets of swirly grain that result in chip-out now and then.
Several species have their live colors duplicated.
Several species including cuneatum, erectum and grandiflorum are in bloom.
Several species inhabit both the Eastern and Western hemispheres.
Several species lack the ability to see.
Several species live around humans , and are effectively omnivores .
Several species live around humans, and are effectively omnivores.
Several species live in northern Europe, Asia, and North America.
Several species live in Olympic's rivers, including coho, chinook and sockeye.
Several species live in snow or ice.
Several species live off the tropical Pacific Islands.
Several species maintain their true leaves until they are about one metre tall.
Several species make long migration flights.
Several species make relatively long migration flights between winter and summer habitats.
Several species occupy a wide variety of habitats throughout most of North America.
Several species occur in all four southwestern deserts.
Several species occur in ditches, and others are found fossil in flint or hornstone.
Several species occur in our waters, but only two are prominent.
Several species occur in the lagoon, including the silver jenny, shown here.
Several species occur in the North Cascades National Park Service Complex.
Several species occur in the north central states.
Several species occur in the state.
Several species occur in the temperate zone.
Several species parasitize other insects by laying eggs inside the body of caterpillars.
Several species produce resting cysts that can withstand drying.
Several species provide oils.
Several species provide useful timber.
Several species reach the northern limit of their range here.
Several species scratch or chew trees leaving a visual mark of their territory.
Several species secrete a calcareous skeleton known as coral.
Several species span the range from mild to very sour, some with fruit all year.
Several species take two full growing seasons to become established.
Several species travel thousands of miles to spawn.
Several species yield fibre and oil.
Several species yield good timber.
Several species yield quinine and several other antimalarial alkaloids.
Several specifications are important when it comes time to choose a hard drive.
Several specifications are standard throughout the line.
Several specimens shed interguments.
Several specimens suggest bementite forms by alteration of pre-existing friedelite.
Several spectators think of any of the cards.
Several sperms penetrate the egg membrane, but only one enters the egg itself.
Several spermicides are available for use with condoms.
Several spiders mimic other insects.
Several spokespersons are available for interviews.
Several sponsors drop out, but others take their place.
Several sponsors plan to raise the money over two or three year periods.
Several sports involve domestic and farm animals, mostly dogs, oxen and formerly rams.
Several spots are still available.
Several spots are wide and indistinct on the curtain.
Several spots provide excellent views.
Several spots serve as recreation area for animals and plants.
Several spotters are available to help the landing.
Several springs feed lowland wetlands.
Several springs have a good series of photos that provide an indication of changes over time.
Several springs originate on the property.
Several springs seep from the cliff face.
Several sprites can operate simultaneously and differently.
Several spurs extend from the range toward the shore forming short valleys.
Several squirrels play tag in a nearby hickory.
Several stables are a just a short drive away.
Several stables offer horseback riding through the countryside.
Several stables offer horseback riding.
Several stables provide picturesque horseback riding areas with breakfast and dinner rides.
Several stacks are available for downloading.
Several stadiums sell out on a regular basis.
Several staff are also involved in technical development projects such as search engine selection.
Several staff are cross-trained in counseling and drug testing which allows for more flexibility.
Several staff come from the scientific and business community.
Several staff have medical knowledge and expertise from previous specialisms.
Several staff hold faculty appointments and are very active in teaching and research.
Several stages feature traditional to contemporary entertainment.
Several stages features drama,comedy, silly and classical music, as well as dancing.
Several stages play a part in developments, and sometimes it is an ongoing work in progress.
Several stages span million years.
Several stages span years.
Most several stages span million years.
Most several stages span years.
Several staircases lead from the the terrace through a small garden down to the beach.
Several stairwells are available for accessing the five floors.
Several stalks grow on mature plants.
Several stalls have an amazing selection of dried fruits.
Several stands are within an inventoried roadless area.
Several stands concentrate on organic produce.
Several stands have sweet yellow and candy corn varieties from south Florida.
Several stands sell certified citrus trees, palms, and other semitropical ornamentals.
Several stands specialize in communist-era items, including medals and posters.
Several standards are available for, or can apply to, laboratories and quality assurance programmes.
Several standards exist, offering varying levels of quality and bandwidth usage.
Several stars appear to be yellow.
Several stars are also visible, and can easily be distinguished by cross-like diffraction spikes.
Several stars are available to caring groups, companies and individuals.
Several stars are visible, just wider than the field of view on the low-power eyepiece.
Several stars do indeed seem to follow slightly wavy paths through space.
Several stars show unusual fluorescent emission by very hot molecular hydrogen.
Several starters are back on defense as well.
Several state owned and private sector companies produce copper, lead and zinc.
Several states allow citizens to register up to and including the day of the election.
Several states allow dissolution upon entry of a judicial decree.
Several states allow NPs to prescribe, administer, and evaluate pharmacological treatment.
Several states allow the sale of raw milk or milk products.
Several States appear to have used it to fill budget gaps.
Several states approve telephonic training sessions for CLE credit.
Several states are far ahead of Texas in allowing their citizens to obtain or renew licenses online.
Several states are in the process of investigating the cultivation of industrial hemp.
Several states are in the process of making it a requirement for school entry.
Several states classify periwinkle as an invasive weed.
Several states collapse two or more categories of staff into one.
Several states do require such pre-registration.
Several states don t have any backbone hubs at all.
Several states have a combination of approaches.
Several states have a head start.
Several States have explicit restrictions against providing funding to privately-owned enterprises.
Several states have heavy worker's compensation burden based on all measures of burden used.
Several states have higher rates.
Several states have highly developed programs, but most are meager.
Several states have housing finance agencies to increase homeownership rates for citizens.
Several states have initiatives to reach Hispanic populations.
Several states have innovative learning options.
Several states have land acquisition programs.
Several states have laws covering various aspects of patients' rights.
Several states have laws forbidding such contact.
Several states have laws prohibiting research on human embryos.
Several states have laws restricting or prohibiting online liquor sales.
Several states have limited trapping seasons.
Several states have mandatory cystic fibrosis screening for newborns.
Several states have marketing programs that benefit small farmers.
Several states have more than one source for case law.
Several states have mute swan management plans.
Several states have new task forces looking into the subject.
Several states have online high schools and others are developing programs.
Several states have online high schools, and others are developing programs.
Several states have open sites.
Several states have or are considering banning landfills.
Several states have performance measures for their state departments on line.
Several states have programs that offer free access to schools and teachers.
Several states have provisions similar to Connecticut's.
Several states have special rabies quarantine laws governing ferrets in case of a human bite.
Several states have statutes regarding obtaining research material to be used for academic credit.
Several states have statutes specifically allowing landlords to require such pet deposits.
Several states have statutes that provide a right to privacy.
Several states have systems for maintaining records of drug arrests on a statewide basis.
Several states have the eagle on their state flags.
Several states have their own exams and requirements.
Several states have their own rule and rate-making bureaus.
Several states hold annual tournaments for high-school wrestlers.
Several states hold parents financially responsible for damages caused by their children.
Several states impose restrictions on the use of living wills.
Several states including Delaware, Missouri, Texas and Hawaii have legislation pending.
Several states indicate that they consider themselves as one employer for all purposes.
Several states limit how abortion drugs can be sold and advertised.
Several states look to legislate manners.
Several states maintain customs services, taxing the goods of their neighbors.
Several states maintain similar pages, including Florida , Washington , and Utah .
Several states mandate nurses to attend conferences, and workshops for licensure.
Several states mandate participation in state disability insurance programs.
Several states offer competitive grants to local collaborations.
Several states offer criminal checks that range from free to certain dollar amounts.
Several states offer EITCs based on the federal credit in their own personal income taxes.
Several states offer stipends for successful completion of the certification process.
Several states offer two different kinds of plans.
Several states operate successfully without an income tax.
Several states organize archaeology week celebrations.
Several states own daily or weekly newspapers that also are published in English.
Several states pass anti-stalking laws.
Several states pay retired teachers their pensions plus salaries if they return to the classroom.
Several states perform mixing zone analyses, but there is no consistency in the level of effort.
Several states permit private schools to convert to charter status, too.
Several states plan proclamations to highlight child labor issues.
Several states prohibit the use of the arrested individual s property in a release bond.
Several states prohibit the use of the arrested individual's property in a release bond.
Several states provide coverage for such care through mental health parity laws.
Several states provide for the award of attorneys fees by statute under specific circumstances.
Several States provide funding or services for specific educational programs.
Several states regulate pricing to some degree.
Several states report no waiting lists.
Several states require by law that the electors vote for the candidate for which they are pledged.
Several states require continue education.
Several states require continuing education for engineers to keep their licenses.
Several states require continuing education in order for engineers to keep their licenses.
Several states require corporations to elect their boards with cumulative voting.
Several states require education.
Several states require engineers to take continuing education to renew their licenses every year.
Several states require germination tests every six months.
Several states require hospitals to disclose mistakes that result in death or serious injury.
Several states require local districts to adhere to the state standards and curriculum frameworks.
Several states require no income tax, although they often have steep sales tax rates.
Several states require parental knowledge or participation in the decision-making process.
Several states require PSIs before most sentencing decisions.
Several states require that chiropractors pass a basic science examination.
Several states require that fetal remains be examined.
Several states require vehicles to cover loads and adopt measures to revent spills.
Several states send the money to public education.
Several states share Pennsylvania's state fish, the brook trout.
Several states specify that an execution is suspended while a woman is pregnant.
Several states target their brownfield tax incentives to job creation that's linked to site reuse.
Several states use a funding formula for some or all of the higher education budget.
Several states use an export list of insurance coverages and classes.
Several states use that system.
Several states use that tactic for online income tax payments.
Several states use voice recognition for parolees on home detention.
Several states warrant mention for their efforts to provide health care for the uninsured.
Most several states require continue education.
Most several states require education.
Some several states require engineers.
Some several states require germination tests.
Some several states require tests.
Some several states take drastic steps.
Some several states take steps.
Several statements can be on one line.
Several Statements follow each question.
Several statements made at the conference illustrate the concerns that people had.
Several stations are necessary to pin-point the location of an earthquake.
Several stations boast they have the most tickets to give away.
Several stations define a region on the surface where the event took place.
Several stations have at least one hour of weekly programming allotted to blues.
Several stations have large horticulture components.
Several stations have local dot matrix printers.
Several stations have postal services, currency exchanges and hair salons.
Several stations hear broadcast aeronautical weather reports.
Several stations ring the Atlantic, studious in their scrutiny of the air waves.
Several statistics are in their favour.
Several statistics reflect an apparent gap in health care between minorities and whites.
Several statues are bionic rather than organic, with machine-like appendages in geometrical forms.
Several statues decorate the facade of the cloth hall.
Several statutes are important to the proper discussion of the question posed.
Several statutes are now in place to protect the victims of abuse, and to prosecute the abusers.
Several steam locomotives in various wheel arrangements and road names.
Several stem rotting diseases can cause the problem and is usually a sign of overwatering.
Several stems form clumps with yellow hanging flowers.
Several stems rise from a single clump.
Several steps are important in assuring the success of fall turf renovation.
Several steps are in place to maintain a safe and positive atmosphere for students.
Several steps are necessary before euro notes are circulated and national currencies are withdrawn.
Several steps are necessary for carotenoid absorption to occur.
Several steps are necessary if such a counseling ministry is to be developed.
Several steps are necessary to conduct operational or strategic planning.
Several steps are necessary to get the locations for periodicals.
Several steps are necessary to properly utilize the Internet.
Several steps are often necessary to remove all residues.
Several steps are required.
Several steps are usually necessary to place an implant.
Several steps can help.
Several steps create flawless wedding makeup results.
Several steps exist that can lead to high quality CD-R one offs.
Several steps have to be made to initiate the recolonization process.
Several steps lead up to the Sentencing Circle.
Several steps leading to the workshop room can make access difficult for wheelchair users.
Several steps occur before and several steps occur after.
Several steps occur in the development of survey instruments.
Several steps remain before the project gets the final green light.
Several steps remain before the road can be closed.
Several steps take place before the thalamus processes the sensory information.
Some several steps involve photosynthesis.
Some several steps involve types.
Several stereotypes exist.
Several stocks appear to be targets at the moment.
Several stones have indistinct or partial lettering only.
Several stops afford good photographic moments toward South Mountain.
Several stops are generally less costly and less tiring than several trips across country.
Several stores accept major international credit cards.
Several stores accept orders via email.
Several stores are nearby.
Several stores charge a trading fee to cover sales tax and other expenses.
Several stores feature hand-lettered signs forbidding more than two students from entering at once.
Several stores sell bikes but are expensive.
Several stores sell high-quality jewelry and clothing.
Several stores sell out of paintguns before they sell out of goggles.
Several stores specialize in blown glass and ironwood carvings.
Several stories are award winners.
Several stories are of particular note for current and former students, staff, and faculty.
Several stories are open to completion with virtually all Doctors.
Several stories deserve mention.
Several stories examine the idea that life always can be made better.
Several stories feature fairies marrying human princes.
Several stories float around, and around and around ad nauseum.
Several stories indicate exemplification.
Several stories provide a magnificent nerd's-eye view .
Several stories recount the struggle of people from India to understand life in the United States.
Several stories reveal the influence of India on early Vietnamese culture.
Several stories warn about the horrors of living in a totalitarian society.
Several storylines are on the go at once, each moving back and forth.
Several strands make a great clothes line.
Several stratagems enable the cowbird to win or tie the race to be the first egg to hatch.
Several strategies are at work to indicate how energy flows through a biological ecosystem.
Several strategies are available for minimizing the likelihood of resistance development.
Several strategies are available to address indoor pollution in higher-income settings.
Several strategies are available to address such conflicts.
Several strategies are available to help children with auditory processing difficulty.
Several strategies are available to states or regions implementing a regional plan.
Several strategies are currently underway.
Several strategies are essential for helping our children learn to read.
Several strategies are possible.
Several strategies are useful in getting information quickly.
Several strategies being used to facilitate staff development are ongoing.
Several strategies can be effective in promoting generalization of social skills.
Several strategies can help a person cope with vitiligo.
Several strategies can help identify all teenage parents.
Several strategies can insure that funding levels are workable for provider agencies.
Several strategies can make farming systems more sustainable.
Several strategies come to mind.
Several strategies exist for indenting paragraphs.
Several strategies help achieve neutral buoyancy.
Several strategies reduce the risk for catheter-related bloodstream infection.
Several strategies stand out.
Several strategies strengthen and broaden educational experiences for gifted youth.
Several streams are home to native trout.
Several streams are on the area.
Several streams are perennial.
Several streams bring water from the eastern hills, flowing across the beaches and into the ocean.
Several streams feed the lake on the south side.
Several streams flow north across the subsection and drain into Lake Superior.
Several streams flow through the city conveying storm drainage to the ocean.
Several streams flow through the reserve home of large crocodiles and numerous birds.
Several streams flow together to make a river.
Several streams have early season closures upstream from their bridge crossings.
Several streams have problems with high temperatures and high levels of fecal coliform bacteria.
Several streams pass through the property.
Several streams reroute overnight.
Several streams run through protected lands belonging to the university.
Several streams run through the area.
Several streets access the upper and lower city.
Several streets are closed to traffic and full of people, days and evenings.
Several streets are closed to traffic in favor of the protestors.
Several strengths are apparent in the data.
Several stretches are too shallow for recreational use at normal water levels.
Several stretchers are also among the basic elements.
Several stripes are usually apparent, extending from the head to the rear.
Several striptease swallow tight for pretty, than post keep beside.
Several structures appear in multiple categories.
Several structures are essential for duplication, segregation, and stability.
Several structures contain one or more tombs, while others have none.
Several structures continue to be threatened.
Several structures provide visitors a secluded place to sit and enjoy the view.
Several structures show up in polarization, which disappear in the total flux density measurement.
Several student do have laptops.
Several students appear with a line in their hair as if someone put a bowl on their head.
Several students are able to help each other.
Several students are also new to the Las Vegas Valley.
Several students are cheerleaders.
Several students are in a precarious spot.
Several students are medically fragile.
Several students are members of the national track and field team.
Several students are noteworthy for achievements beyond their degrees.
Several students are parents and workers who juggle hectic schedules to be in class.
Several students are self-sponsored.
Several students are still on an alternate-admissions list.
Several students are suspects.
Several students are upset about disruptions caused by the renovation.
Several students assist in bringing in the trawl net.
Several students can be timekeepers and data recorders.
Several students can store data on one computer.
Several students cancel their room contracts every year.
Several students choose to participate in selected research with various professors.
Several students choose to start each spring, and they do well in our programs.
Several students continue on to law school.
Several students deserve credit as well.
Several students didn t even show up for the final.
Several students discover their teachers are aliens.
Several students finish in minutes and shut their notebooks.
Several students get to feel what a human brain feels like.
Several students getting sick at school, and parents say it's part of an on-going problem.
Several students groan.
Several students have artwork and writing posted under the computer class link.
Several students have difficulty scheduling enough time and energy to do their course work.
Several students have gay or lesbian parents or other family members.
Several students have their assignments posted.
Several students hold national and state positions of leadership.
Several students hop out, grab an osprey stand and load it onto the bus.
Several students hope to glean material from the experiment for their doctoral dissertations.
Several students make such changes each year.
Several students mate.
Several students moving into the district cannibalize the district budget.
Several students obtain PhD degree here each year.
Several students offer possible answers.
Several students participate annually.
Several students pay to transfer in from other districts.
Several students plan to include music in their media projects.
Several students play on top of a highland mountain in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Several students playwriting awards are available.
Several students raise their hands.
Several students represent the same country, but serve on different committees or councils.
Several students say they are lost, but it is just the first day.
Several students say they want to get a head start by working on their project in the Spring.
Several students see that some bags are inflated more than others.
Several students seem very interested in the Bible.
Several students send by e-mail their adventures during their internship.
Several students serve as monitors.
Several students serve each semester as student associates.
Several students serve on the fire dept.
Several students share a kitchen, a common room, and the washing facilities.
Several students share each apartment.
Several students share their internship experiences below.
Several students snuck away to see the forbidden spectacle.
Several students stop by to ask for an explanation about their grades.
Several students surround a scribbled whiteboard.
Several students take their turns, downloading their graphs from their calculators to the blue car.
Several students try in vain to stifle their yawns.
Several students try to keep up with local events.
Several students use stopwatches to time each trial, and the times are averaged.
Several students watch with excitement as the masks they have created are placed into the ashes.
Several students wearing turtleneck sweaters talk to girls decked out all in black.
Several students work on their doctoral thesis at the department.
Several students write a senior thesis each year.
Several studios are available for applied music instruction.
Several studios are available in both Johannesburg and Cape Town.
Several studies address the suggested questions above and provide research-based guidelines.
Several studies analyze and model performance of conductive materials.
Several studies are currently under way. . .
Several studies are currently underway to determine any possible association.
Several studies are currently underway.
Several studies are extremely encouraging, but more data is required.
Several studies are in progress on use of sustained-release products.
Several studies are in progress to determine the mechanisms by which ketosis confers protection.
Several studies are in the literature.
Several studies are ongoing and new ones are planned.
Several studies are ongoing in the area of high energy laser research.
Several studies are ongoing into the use of electronic databases of effectiveness information.
Several studies are pretty convincing on that point.
Several studies are relevant to the question of cis-regulatory evolution.
Several studies are under way on streams, springs and ground water.
Several studies are under way to understand how phytoestrogens work in animals and humans.
Several studies are underway investigating service provision and community needs.
Several studies are underway to come up with gene-carrying treatments.
Several studies are underway, or anticipated.
Several studies are worth noting.
Several studies assess the situation and suggest priorities.
Several studies call into question the results.
Several studies confirm yohimbine s effectiveness.
Several studies correlate the presence of certain macrophage populations with disease states.
Several studies demonstrate a slightly higher cure rate for the prolonged course of treatment.
Several studies demonstrate that food stamps are essential in the fight to end food insecurity.
Several studies describe establishment or increase of sheep sorrel after fire.
Several studies do suggest that cold lasers are effective in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
Several studies document property value decline.
Several studies document safe and successful pregnancies in young breast cancer survivors.
Several studies document the importance of full apposition of the stent struts to the vessel wall.
Several studies examine alternative pollution control strategies.
Several studies examine practical applications in the classroom.
Several studies examine race in crime news, but the findings are less straightforward.
Several studies find investors are voters.
Several studies focus on noise from air craft or motor vehicles as a risk factor for hypertension.
Several studies focus on novel medications in the treatment of panic disorder.
Several studies give indication of the importance of different sources.
Several studies have combined summarization and self-monitoring.
Several studies highlight the role of gastropexy in reducing recurrence and postoperative mortality.
Several studies indicate that dogs as a group cycle throughout the year.
Several studies indicate that heterozygous carriers are at increased risk for various symptoms.
Several studies indicate that low dose aspirin decreases the risk of strokes due to blood clots.
Several studies indicate that many patients have ongoing problems, even after successful treatment.
Several studies indicate that soy isoflavones can help conserve bone in animals.
Several studies indicate that the fallout can have a negative effect.
Several studies indicate that while trawling devastates many species, it benefits some others.
Several studies indicate that women have more trouble with insomnia than men.
Several studies involve the assessment of various treatments in young children and adolescents.
Several studies involving larger groups of women are in progress.
Several studies link bereavement to an increase in lung, cervical, and breast tumors.
Several studies link fluoride to genetic damage and cancer.
Several studies point to a genetic link in enuresis.
Several studies point to a two-fold connection to increased homelessness.
Several studies prove the existence of such negative externalities involved with pesticide use.
Several studies provide useful conceptual frameworks.
Several studies purport to show benefit from drinking modest amounts of red wine.
Several studies report excellent results by using a dietary regimen rich in nucleic acids.
Several studies report few moths eaten, in contrast to many other bat species.
Several studies report fire having a positive effect on gopher tortoises.
Several studies report results in sufficient detail to eliminate most objections.
Several studies report results linking hostility to heart disease.
Several studies report survey results with teacher trainees, university students and teachers.
Several studies reveal otherwise.
Several studies say no.
Several studies seem to suggest that the culprit is the facet joints .
Several studies show a connection between lycopene and cancer prevention.
Several studies show a decrease in the effectiveness of pesticides.
Several studies show a relationship between high fat diets and increased lung cancer risk.
Several studies show an improvement in firmness, hardness and thickness with frail or brittle nails.
Several studies show brand loyalty as a way of reducing risk.
Several studies show conclusively that zero tolerance laws save lives.
Several studies show hummers know when a flower is ready.
Several studies show older wells are more likely to be contaminated than newer wells.
Several studies show that acupuncture reduces chemotherapy-related nausea and vomiting.
Several studies show that aspirin makes no difference in maternal or fetal outcomes.
Several studies show that falling stars, during their combustion emit electro-phonic signals.
Several studies show that fewer teachers have had training in more sophisticated uses of technology.
Several studies show that garlic makes blood platelets less likely to clumping together.
Several studies show that garlic standardized for alliin content inhibits platelet aggregation.
Several studies show that it has anti-yeast effects.
Several studies show that mental disorders in older adults are underdiagnosed.
Several studies show that mentoring helps prevent youth from using drugs and alcohol.
Several studies show that more injuries in nursing homes happen when siderails are raised.
Several studies show that more than one drink per day increases the risk of cataracts.
Several studies show that most amaranth species are resistant to most herbicides.
Several studies show that phytoestrogens in soy ease menopausal symptoms and prevent breast cancer.
Several studies show that rail is economically inferior to conventional bus service.
Several studies show that resistance testing can determine which drugs in a regimen no longer work.
Several studies show that sexual assault is a significant risk to college women.
Several studies show that simply going for a daily walk improves glucose and insulin function.
Several studies show that the boxes are virtually never used except by spiders, wasps and mice.
Several studies show that when light is blocked, eelgrass declines or dies.
Several studies show that when superstores are built they undermine the existing local economy.
Several studies show that wooden and plastic boards are harder to keep clean.
Several studies show that zero tolerance laws save lives.
Several studies show the effects of outright racial discrimination.
Several studies show the risk of having an accident increases if the driver is on a cell phone.
Several studies stand out for having confirmed important benefits of the therapy.
Several studies suggest a small increase in the risk of bladder cancer and colorectal cancer.
Several studies suggest educational benefits related to laptop use.
Several studies suggest enhanced epileptogenicity of dysplastic cortex in animals and humans.
Several studies suggest involvement of insulin in the mechanism of action of -adrenergic agonists.
Several studies suggest lactoferrin reduces oxidative stress.
Several studies suggest that albendazole is an effective therapy for E intestinalis infection.
Several studies suggest that curcumin can also promote cancer regression.
Several studies suggest that it is possible to use other cells and materials to bridge the gap.
Several studies suggest that low-tar or light cigarettes are no such thing.
Several studies suggest that microbes successfully consumed part of the oil.
Several studies suggest that physical exercise can help prevent or reduce clinical depression.
Several studies suggest that restraining orders have little protective effect.
Several studies suggest that restraining orders have little, if any, protective effect.
Several studies suggest the type of collision is a risk factor for soft-tissue neck injuries.
Several studies support the conclusion that sleep deprivation hinders physical performance.
Several studies support the effectiveness of chiropractic treatment for certain conditions.
Several studies support the isoflavones as having a role in preventing cardiovascular disease.
Several studies support the second strategy.
Several studies using linkage and sibpair analysis are ongoing.
Several styles are also available in rum pink, platinum, and cafe.
Several styles are available now.
Several styles are available with new ones being added on an ongoing basis.
Several styles are available.
Several styles convert to day packs, too.
Several styles designed with various options are available.
Several subcommittees are active within the Section.
Several subdivisions are world market leaders with their industry-specific solutions.
Several subjects are employees and many more are customers.
Several subjects are under consideration.
Several subjects offer English-language M.Phil.
Several subscribers are in contact with the band, and report back here.
Several subsections are very relevant but can be difficult to locate.
Several substances are effective in blocking osteoclastic activity.
Several substrates can compete for the same carrier.
Several successors object to the solution as it is said to favour more rich countries.
Several suggestions are worth emphasizing.
Several suggestions come to mind to minimize potential vacancy problems.
Several suggestions listed here are out of print.
Several suites are conducive for chair-bound travelers.
Several suites feature fireplaces.
Several suites feature their own individual pools and terraces.
Several suites have fireplaces and whirlpool tubs.
Several suites have private balconies and fireplaces.
Several suites have private sitting rooms.
Several sulfonylureas are currently available.
Several superhighways provide links to the rest of Italy and Europe.
Several supermarkets report sales drops in health, beauty aids and other general merchandise areas.
Several supplements appear after the main text.
Several supplements are beneficial.
Several suppliers bring materials for attendees to purchase that goes for visitors.
Several suppliers produce kits and materials to monitor water quality.
Several suppliers provide approved electronic power supplies designed for such applications.
Several surgeries are available also.
Several surnames appear multiple times, sometimes under slightly different spellings.
Several surprises await the reader, although the novel is far from being a conventional whodunnit.
Several surveys show the most common reason for poor adherence is forgetting to take one's pills.
Several surveys undertaken by NCES are also available here.
Several survivors report seeing the ship break in two between the third and fourth funnels.
Several survivors see the ship break in two.
Several sutlers carry cloth tape.
Several switch selected ranges are available.
Several sword fights in which men fence, punch and throw objects at each other.
Several symbols appear within the cross.
Several symptoms are typical.
Several symptoms characterize post-traumatic stress disorder.
Several symptoms indicate a lack of iron in one's system.
Several symptoms relate to possible injector problems.
Several symptoms suggest the possible presence of sleep apnea.
Several system features contribute to the shorter trip times.
Several systems are available to limit the distance a worker can fall from a ladder.
Several systems are available, from sedate to intense .
Several systems are available, most notably electromagnetic, low frequency and high frequency.
Several systems are currently in use both domestically and abroad.
Several systems are due for periodic maintenance.
Several systems are in development for fume cleaning applications.
Several systems are in operation handling lime stabilized sludges.
Several systems are just about to be launched after extensive trials.
Several systems are known to orbit a common centre of mass and are known as binary companions.
Several systems are now available on the market.
Several systems are relatively close to implementation.
Several systems exist in the body to detoxify chemicals, notably the liver enzyme systems.
Several systems exist to help with time management - ex.
Several systems exist, some launched by hand and others fired from guns.
Several systems have multiple boot disks.
Several systems have two timers.
Several systems interact to limit damage to surrounding tissue.
Several tables are also available for study purposes.
Several tables are available for small meetings.
Several tables have more than one year of data.
Several tables make up a complete topological data structure, as discussed in the next section.
Several tables overlook the lush pool area, but avoid being seated in the charmless back room.
Several tables present important reference information.
Several tables provide handy guidance for selecting medications.
Several tables show historical trends.
Several tablets are available in Europe for breath freshening, based on oxidizing capacity.
Several tactics are necessary, but the reward justifies the effort.
Several tales are fantastic.
Several talent musicians help sound.
Several talks are possible.
Several tanks are on more than one list.
Several tanks have no leak detection system.
Several tapes are also available.
Several tapes are available commercially that sing songs in various languages.
Several tapes are available for public viewing.
Several tapes cover dedications and rededications of churches.
Several tapes cover ordinations and installations of bishops.
Several taproots occur at the base.
Several targets deserve mention.
Several targets have no driving source.
Several targets remain to be drill tested.
Several tasks face the planners.
Several tasks remain.
Several taxa are epizoic on octocorals and other invertebrates.
Several teas contain the standardized extract.
Several teachers are bilingual.
Several teachers are Episcopalian.
Several teachers complain.
Several teachers continue the program throughout the year during open lab time.
Several teachers get the privilege of getting their car washed for free.
Several teachers read their poems aloud to the conference.
Several teachers rotate to lead the class in a combination of lecture and discussion.
Several teachers use different textbooks.
Several teachers use short essay questions in their class tests.
Several teachers use the workshop technique in their classes.
Several teachers wish to schedule their own, and others want the office to do so.
Several teaching related resources are as follows.
Several teahouses offer homemade cakes and jams.
Several team play modes called team no escape, team knockout and capture the flag is also available.
Several teams are available for sleigh and carriage rides.
Several teams are available.
Several teams are capable of winning a title on a given day.
Several teams are contenders, and there are precious few easy wins for the top teams.
Several teams are currently in formation.
Several teams are from Northern Ontario.
Several teams arrive and get canyon information from the saddled guides.
Several teams compete weekly.
Several teams have a lot of new players.
Several teams have conditional commitments for venture financing in hand.
Several teams have corporations interested in licensing or further developing their products.
Several teams have the caliber of players to win the cup but lets break that down by conferences.
Several teams make dance their full or part time occupation.
Several teams make up a neighborhood.
Several teams rotate on a bi-weekly basis.
Several teams work together in cooperation to follow the sign.
Several technicalities apply.
Several technicians glance over to another and glare.
Several techniques allow for adjusting the variance estimates.
Several techniques allow the cloning of such sequences.
Several techniques appear promising.
Several techniques are available for factoring large integers quickly.
Several techniques are available for harvesting semen from men unable to ejaculate.
Several techniques are available for measuring methane fluxes.
Several techniques are available for sizing liposomes to a desired size.
Several techniques are available for verification.
Several techniques are available to apply inocula.
Several techniques are available to determine sperm concentration in a filtered boar ejaculate.
Several techniques are available to help embedded process controllers.
Several techniques are available to help in changing attitudes.
Several techniques are available to manage sample charging, and they are often used in combination.
Several techniques are available to manufacture such filters.
Several techniques are available to preserve string identity.
Several techniques are available to protect sensitive data in classes.
Several techniques are available to reduce the amount of hazardous waste generated for disposal.
Several techniques are available to verify that accessibility information is documented.
Several techniques are available to verify that actions are accessible.
Several techniques are available to verify that documentation is available in an accessible format.
Several techniques are available to verify that information conveyed with color is accessible.
Several techniques are available to verify that object information is accessible.
Several techniques are available to verify that response times are accessible.
Several techniques are available to verify that software supports high contrast settings.
Several techniques are available to verify that the audio alerts are accessible.
Several techniques are available to verify that the audio and video information is accessible.
Several techniques are available to verify that the labels are accessible.
Several techniques are available to verify that the users can adjust the volume.
Several techniques are available.
Several techniques are currently in use for the detection and quantification of DNA damages.
Several techniques are possible for structuring such programs using upcalls.
Several techniques are under development to try to avoid that, however.
Several techniques are unlikely to be known, but effective.
Several techniques are used to asexually propagate trees depending on the variety and time of year.
Several techniques can help reduce impulse buying .
Several techniques can improve the performance of multiband limiters.
Several techniques can make finding the right Web page easier.
Several techniques can reduce pure tone noise.
Several techniques can shift to emphasize evaluation of new learning modules.
Several techniques create the imagery of the unpredictable rocking of the ocean's rolling waves.
Several techniques depend on circumstances.
Several techniques exist for behavioral modification.
Several techniques exist for correct allocation of electrons.
Several techniques exist for repair of enterocele and vaginal vault prolapse.
Several techniques exist to generate a specular sphere map.
Several techniques exist to help the incontinent person identify the correct muscles .
Several techniques exist to help the incontinent person identify the correct muscles.
Several techniques exist to locate genes on a chromosome to create a physical map.
Several techniques exist.
Several techniques perform the compile, link, and locate.
Several techniques provide for enhanced physical security.
Several techniques uncover and solve heat detection errors.
Several techniques use two needles.
Most several techniques depend on circumstances.
Some several techniques follow wildfires.
Several technologies are available for extracting information from data warehouses.
Several technologies are key to the development of an operational system.
Several technologies are married together.
Several technologies can improve the sensitivity and get around some of the limitations.
Several technologies come together in tissue engineering.
Several technologies exist that allow access to a network over a wide area.
Several teenagers discuss their own struggles with depression and their efforts to come out of it.
Several telegrams advance the call for soviets instead of the call for a constituent assembly.
Several telescopes are available for projects.
Several templates are also available.
Several templates are available for departments to use.
Several tenants are already in residence.
Several tendencies serve to necessitate a guard against false accusations against elders.
Several terms are important to understand.
Several terms can inadvertently cause problems in searches.
Several terms describe how and where an animal moves.
Several terms redirect here.
Several terminals are also available solely for telnet and freenet access.
Several terminals have additional options.
Several territories are available in the United States, Canada and Mexico.
Several test are available to determine when series converge.
Several tests are available for evaluating a person for sleep apnea.
Several tests are available for measuring manganese in blood, urine, hair, or feces.
Several tests are available to determine if a person is allergic to a certain food.
Several tests are available to determine if prospective parents are carriers of genetic disorders.
Several tests are available to diagnose possible heart disease.
Several tests are available to help doctors diagnose lactose intolerance.
Several tests are available to measure the availability of individual nutrients in the soil.
Several tests are available, some even foal side.
Several tests are important for an anemic cat because there are many diseases that cause anemia.
Several tests are necessary to confirm a diagnosis.
Several tests are necessary to confirm or rule out rabies in a human.
Several tests are underway and many more are planned.
Several tests are useful both in detecting and staging prostate cancer.
Several tests are useful for diagnosing histoplasmosis.
Several tests can determine the presence of the infection.
Several tests can help establish the correct diagnosis.
Several tests can provide the additional information needed to make a firm diagnosis.
Several tests detect the presence of the fungus in the spinal fluid.
Several tests exist for determining exposure to methylene chloride.
Several tests help the doctor identify the problem and decide whether surgery is needed.
Several tests measure exposure to methylene chloride.
Several tests require the patient to leave the room.
Several tests require the patient to leave their room.
Several texts are contemporary to the works of art at hand.
Several texts are critical of delaying such confessions till the time of death.
Several texts are exclusively available from Seton.
Several texts discuss the cleansing of sin.
Several texts exist which point the way to a more thorough understanding.
Several textbooks are available for users interested in more information.
Several textbooks are available in a condensed format for handhelds.
Several textbooks claim that Europe was becoming richer and that the new wealth led to more trade.
Several textbooks write about the use of sodium bicarbonate to alkalize the urine.
Several textures are explored, making for very interesting and sometimes unnerving visuals.
Several theaters are accessible for dance concerts, as are numerous environmental settings.
Several theaters give free admission to plays in exchange for ushering.
Several theatres call Wellington home as well.
Several theatres offer the latest movies and video releases.
Several themes are available and reasonable prices.
Several themes are dominant throughout the course.
Several themes emerge from the articles.
Several themes emerge from the welter of facts, places, trends and arcane terminology.
Several themes emerge in tonight's broadcast.
Several themes emerge.
Several themes have web resource links.
Several themes illustrate the challenges of the surveillance of women and children's outcomes.
Several themes pervade the exhibition as a whole.
Several themes recur.
Several themes resonate as a focus for the next steps.
Several themes run through the papers in the collection.
Several theorems exist as to how people drive around cyclists on their way to work.
Several theories abound as to how the ships got buried.
Several theories abound.
Several theories are possible.
Several theories attempt to explain the condition, but no definite single cause is known.
Several theories attempt to explain the feline enigma.
Several theories attempt to explain the phenomenon, but as yet there are no obvious answers.
Several theories attempt to explain the swift slump in pinball's popularity.
Several theories attempt to explain what causes the abnormal growth of prostate tissue cells.
Several theories attempt to explain why our joints deteriorate.
Several theories continue to do the rounds although there is no evidence to support any.
Several theories do exist, explaining how Earth's gravity has been able to change.
Several theories exist about the drawings.
Several theories exist about what causes gamma-ray bursts.
Several theories exist about why it was left unfinished.
Several theories exist as to how endometriosis begins.
Several theories exist as to the exact date and origin of the first virus to exist in the wild.
Several theories exist as to the exact problem, however, no solution currently exists.
Several theories exist as to why a half pound carved rock was attached to each room key.
Several theories exist as to why the organization fell out of the spotlight.
Several theories exist for why.
Several theories exist on why red was such a popular color for barns.
Several theories exist to explain the link between periodontal disease and heart disease.
Several theories exist why.
Several theories exist, but none has been proven to be the sole cause of migraine.
Several theories exist.
Several theories have been proposed to account for the recent coho declines.
Several theories introduce assumptions which proved to be wrong, like the equal transit-time theory.
Several theories point to sleep as a state vital to memory and learning.
Several theories propose that the immune system turns on itself.
Several theories suggest the basis of hybrid fitness.
Several therapists are on the staff, so therapy is available by appointment six days a week.
Several therapies are available to treat erectile dysfunction.
Several therapies can reduce stress and encourage relaxation.
Several things affect the kinetic energy.
Several things affect the track of a tropical cyclone.
Several things affect tree seed production.
Several things are admirable and unusual about the article.
Several things are apparent from the way the situation has been phrased.
Several things are apparent visually.
Several things are apparent.
Several things are askew about that field.
Several things are at play here.
Several things are clear from the above photos.
Several things are clear from the graphs.
Several things are clear, however.
Several things are clear.
Several things are evident by examining the differences between profitability groups.
Several things are evident from the table.
Several things are evident.
Several things are important here.
Several things are important to keep in mind.
Several things are important to know and prepare for.
Several things are important.
Several things are in consideration here.
Several things are key to making it possible to have a fourth-level archive.
Several things are likely to strike the modern reader.
Several things are notable here.
Several things are noteworthy.
Several things are noticeable right away.
Several things are now perfectly clear.
Several things are on the horizon with regard to marketing and promotion.
Several things are still quite confusing.
Several things are thought to be causing the increase in dengue .
Several things are thought to be causing the increase in dengue.
Several things are unclear.
Several things are unique.
Several things are visible from the images.
Several things are worth mentioning at the outset.
Several things are worth mentioning in terms of upgrading and expansion.
Several things are worth noting here.
Several things are worth noting.
Several things are wrong with manuals meant to be read on computer screens.
Several things become clear from the table.
Several things begin to go awry when a couple of neighbors decide to swap wives.
Several things begin to happen after diagnosis.
Several things can affect how well mitochondria work.
Several things can affect the sound.
Several things can be the cause.
Several things can cause a constant runny nose in children.
Several things can cause a primer to explode when being seated.
Several things can cause depression.
Several things can cause pecans to shed early.
Several things can cause problems during the backup process.
Several things can cause proliferative lesions on pet parakeets.
Several things can cause slow connection speeds or frequent disconnects.
Several things can cause the system response to vary as a function of time.
Several things can contribute to sleep problems.
Several things can create false reading and the police have to follow specific procedures.
Several things can go wrong with receptors.
Several things can go wrong.
Several things can happen here.
Several things can happen to an inflamed blood vessel.
Several things can happen when the blood vessels are blocked.
Several things can happen when the vitreous separates from the retina.
Several things can happen, depending on the mass of the star.
Several things can happen.
Several things can help in situations such as the one described here.
Several things can help with insecurity about progress.
Several things can help.
Several things can keep a group charter from going out.
Several things can occur when someone is bitten by a venomous snake.
Several things can occur.
Several things can prevent images from being uploaded to the Internet.
Several things can protect refrigerated or frozen food during power outages.
Several things can quickly improve usability.
Several things can sway an analysis away from objectivity.
Several things combine.
Several things come into the work.
Several things come to mind during the trip.
Several things come to mind immediately.
Several things come to mind in the way of comment.
Several things come to mind.
Several things conspire to make Internet security a newsworthy item.
Several things deteriorate any old, large tapestry.
Several things distinguish a tobacconist from a mere cigar retailer.
Several things do.
Several things follow from that simple statement.
Several things follow from their thesis.
Several things go into a program, but perhaps the least sung about are the fans.
Several things happen along the way.
Several things happen as the original languages fall into disuse among pastors.
Several things happen at baptism.
Several things happen at once.
Several things happen in the background and on servers around campus.
Several things happen on the job that enhance political participation for both men and women.
Several things happen then.
Several things happen to cause an allergy.
Several things happen when a local church gets involved.
Several things happen when a parent is doing more listening and understanding.
Several things have to happen before that strategy can be safely employed.
Several things have to happen first.
Several things have to happen, one being they have an opening.
Several things help explain how they've been able to win a title and remain so hungry.
Several things help to keep their numbers low.
Several things hold the sequence together.
Several things indicate such attitude.
Several things influence rotation speed, and thus take-off distance.
Several things influence the life of a gel.
Several things make aptilis a great tool to develop counters.
Several things make Internet security a newsworthy item.
Several things make it harder for an adult to listen and understand.
Several things make some people more likely to get foot ulcers.
Several things make suicide more likely among teens.
Several things make the lives of professional biological anthropologists very exciting.
Several things ought to be apparent.
Several things ought to catch one s attention in the above scripture passages.
Several things remain to do.
Several things remain unchanged.
Several things seem almost certain.
Several things seem to be present in all good servants.
Several things seem to be recurring issues.
Several things seem to happen as students discuss literature via computers.
Several things serve to damp the driver.
Several things stand out here.
Several things stand out.
Several thoughts come to mind.
Several thousands lay dying and dead.
Several threads can wait simultaneously for several kinds of events.
Several threads run in parallel, each operating on an independent data record.
Several threats are believed to affect the survival of northern bettongs.
Several thugs have both as they assault and rob a family.
Several tiles are close to anachronisms.
Several times are still available in the schedule.
Several times is reported the same flag but with the central stripe double wide.
Several tissue engineered products are already on the market.
Several tissues make up a plant system.
Several titles allow multiple players to compete, either in person or over the Internet.
Several titles are also available electronically.
Several titles are available directly through the publisher.
Several titles are available for browsing below.
Several titles are available from school book clubs.
Several titles are available in Spanish.
Several titles are available in the book store.
Several titles are available in the real estate, corporate, criminal and civil practice areas.
Several titles are currently available.
Several titles are now available for online viewing.
Several titles discuss the slave trade and the southern social climate before the war.
Several titles have only short runs.
Several today show signs of repair and maintenance by concerned family members.
Several tolls exist for crossing bridges and such.
Several tombstones remain and some are illegible.
Several tools allow a user to interact with the environment.
Several tools appear on both lists.
Several tools are at our disposal.
Several tools are available for analysing Squid web cache tools.
Several tools are available for analysis of log files.
Several tools are available for developing threaded web discussions.
Several tools are available for drawing points, lines or polygons.
Several tools are available for producing aerofoil sections and three-dimensional wings.
Several tools are available on the undergrad sysems.
Several tools are available to aid in the diagnosis and management of chest pain patients.
Several tools are available to analyze genomic sequence.
Several tools are available to faculty, staff and students for connecting to the Internet.
Several tools are available to help people browse the Web anonymously.
Several tools are available to help secure Web applications.
Several tools are available to help with quality assurance.
Several tools are available to manage Elody documents.
Several tools are available to monitor the proxy server's performance.
Several tools are available.
Several tools are in use now, and the technology is maturing.
Several tools are necessary to deal with such problems.
Several tools can facilitate student involvement in research.
Several tools exist for monitoring networks.
Several tools exist for specialized searches.
Several tools exist to check HTML for syntax errors.
Several tools exist to permit greater security, control and auditing of services.
Several tools help the doctor better understand a patient's symptoms and their possible causes.
Several tools included in the package are almost strictly for that purpose as a matter of fact.
Several tools make finding sites of interest on the Internet easier.
Several tools make Internet access easy from the road.
Several tools make setup and maintenance easy, even for novices.
Several tools offer the required measurement functionality.
Several tools provide graphical query builders and store the queries for later use.
Several tools provide mechanisms that allow the user to select from a variety of database systems.
Several tools support the methodology at the highest level.
Several tools work together to provide a unique framework in which to perfect scripts.
Several toolboxes have reinforcement ribs.
Several teeth are intact, but no mandible was ever found.
Several topics are available.
Several topics are similar to other on-line sources.
Several topics are worthy of further research.
Several topics contain more than one image.
Several topics covered in the reading first appear as an investigation in an earlier section.
Several topics dominate the files during each of the historical periods of the committee.
Several topics remain unanswered.
Several torches are available to weld the different joints.
Several tortoises can use the same burrow.
Several toucans live together in a single hollow.
Several touches are worthy of note.
Several tours are available, most by bus and some by air.
Several tours are available.
Several tours featuring wild life reserves are possible.
Several tournament bulletins each day.
Several tournaments occur annually in Cocoa Beach.
Several towels are a good idea.
Several towers are available.
Several towns are complete, including links to obituaries when available.
Several towns border the lake with the mountains in the background.
Several Towns have local health centers.
Several townspeople come forward and are nicked.
Several toxins enter the maturing baby's blood including carbon monoxide, nicotine and cyanide.
Several toys are part of each cage.
Several tracks are devoted to presentations by customers in industry, research, and government.
Several tracks are drekky, thouh many are fairly good.
Several tracks are now greatest hits.
Several tracks are simply extreme noise, cloudy and dense, listenable.
Several tracks come together here.
Several tracks convey the impression of a childish, playful imagination at work.
Several tracks feature the fiddle, unaccompanied.
Several tracks find the singers pledging lifelong affection.
Several tracks have piano accompaniment during selected passages.
Several tracks have well-arranged horn sections, and a few have solos that are just shockingly good.
Several tracks impart a bit of goth into the proceedings with great effect.
Several tracks model self-respect.
Several tracks rise above with deft, dynamic arrangements.
Several tracks see the band incorporating more electronic noises in their music.
Several trackers have signal records covering well over an hour of beacon transmissions.
Several tracts carry the axons of projection neurons from the antennal lobes.
Several tracts have streams.
Several Traders prepare themselves to carry goods to Detroit.
Several trails alllow access to bird blinds, which are equipped with benches.
Several trails are open both to horse and hiking use.
Several trails are suitable for cross-country skiing, conditions permitting.
Several trails begin at the trail house at the south end of the service road loop.
Several trails begin here which are popular with hikers, mountain bicyclists and horseback riders.
Several trails begin in the canyon, and are traveled by foot, horse, and bicycle.
Several trails connect the two along the way.
Several trails crawl faintly up creek valleys to gradually fade away altogether.
Several trails crawl faintly up creek valleys until they gradually fade away altogether.
Several trails cross here, so it's easy to get on the wrong path.
Several trails cross lode and placer mining areas and archaeological sites.
Several trails cross streams, which can be treacherous.
Several trails descend from a parking lot to the river near the base of a midstream island.
Several trails exist in the Bighorn Crags area for hiking and horseback riding.
Several trails follow stream beds and can be slippery.
Several trails give access to the area.
Several trails give access to the South Carolina portion.
Several trails have self-guided interpretive signs.
Several trails lead directly from camp to scenic waterfalls.
Several trails lead into the interior.
Several trails lead through the sagebrush to areas where petrified logs have been excavated.
Several trails lead to back country lakes, offering fantastic photo opportunities and fishing.
Several trails lead visitors to all sections of the Garden.
Several trails leave from the ridge and also at the end of the road for the ambitious hiker.
Several trails link to detailed route information and state by state guides.
Several trails offer a chance to observe some of the more remote areas of the park.
Several trails offer close looks at the beauty of the desert.
Several trails pass through the clearing.
Several trails provide access and receive only light human use.
Several trails provide access from the river to the wilderness.
Several trails provide access to excellent examples of temperate rain forest.
Several trails provide access, and receive only light human use.
Several trails provide foot access.
Several trails radiate from the shelter and lead to picnic sites.
Several trails reach the river from the road.
Several trails reach the tower.
Several trails run through the preserve.
Several trails start from the parking lot, including a few short hikes to nearby lakes.
Several trails wind down the cliffs to the beaches and coves.
Several trails wind through forests of fichus, palm and rubber trees.
Several trails wind through Monterey pine forest and patchy coastal scrub.
Several trails wind through the springs with bridges that ford the creek bed in the ravine.
Several trailheads are well equipped to handle horses including Elk Flats on the Oregon side.
Several trailheads lead into the Mt. Naomi Wilderness Area.
Several trains are in sight.
Several trains can go on the same track provided they are going in the same direction.
Several trains run the long distance from Brisbane in the south of the state to several locations.
Several trains run throughout the day.
Several trains run to New York City, one to Boston and one to Chicago.
Several trains run within the Elias Valley.
Several trams are wheelchair accessible.
Several transactions are double-coded for more than one industry segment.
Several transfers are usually necessary to get the required weight.
Several translations appear to be in the offing, and overseas sales have been strong.
Several translations are acceptable.
Several translations are available for all major Latin authors.
Several translations are available, including the New Revised Standard Version.
Several translations are available.
Several Translations are available.
Several translations are in progress.
Several translations are now available on the web site.
Several translations exist and more are currently in progress.
Several transporters are involved in the process of secretion.
Several traps using a floral lure and sex attractant are available.
Several travellers stay in one place, they'd have a song or two.
Several travelogues are expanded accounts, such as one from a Canadian honeymooning in the country.
Several treatments are available for cluster headaches.
Several treatments are available for metals, plastics, etc.
Several treatments are available, both vaginal creams and tablets.
Several treatments are available, depending on the type of pest.
Several treatments are available.
Several treatments are on the market for mites.
Several treatments are possible.
Several treatments exist for allergic skin and feather diseases.
Several treatments exist in order to treat breast cancer, but the main treatment is surgery.
Several treatments simulate different types and intensities of silviculture.
Several trees are obstacles on all holes except for one long wide open shot.
Several trees lie on both sides of fairway and beyond.
Several trends are apparent.
Several trends are clear.
Several trends are evident in gastropod life-history evolution from the basic pattern.
Several trends are evident in the table and graphs that follow.
Several trends are obvious, however.
Several trends are very possible, even probable.
Several trends bode well for the industry through the next seven years.
Several trends contribute to the pattern.
Several trends dominate in the current and future hardware market.
Several trends emerge from the data.
Several trends feed root beer's revival.
Several trends make it difficult for smaller publishers to compete.
Several trends make protecting our food supply from old and emerging pathogens a growing challenge.
Several trends offer hope.
Several trials are currently in progress.
Several trials are open for treatment of brain tumors within the radiation therapy oncology group.
Several trials are standard for advanced selections, prior to release and naming.
Several trials studying antioxidants are now in progress.
Several triangles are coplanar, in groups of four, and of two.
Several tribes form a tribal alliance.
Several tribes have resolutions that deal only with employment of people with disabilities.
Several tribes maintain deep spiritual ties with the area through story, prayer, and ceremony.
Several tribes relate the story of a man or woman lost in the desert.
Several tribes use harvest.
Several tribes use saguaro harvest.
Most several tribes use harvest.
Most several tribes use saguaro harvest.
Several tributaries drain mountainous areas on the eastern continental divide.
Several tributaries enter the mainstem, especially from the south and east.
Several trips are usually necessary in order to perform the different stages of treatment.
Several trips focus on improving skier techniques.
Several trips offer multi-sport activities.
Several trips provide an early evening or moonlight paddling adventure.
Several truck loads now.
Several trucks pass by carrying u.s.
Several trucks wait to be unloaded.
Several tries are sometimes necessary before the right combination is found.
Several tubes connect the two sections.
Several tumors can form within an anal gland.
Several tunes play between campaigns and between games, but there is nothing truly noteworthy.
Several tunnels are on the route.
Several tunnels built by the Japanese soldiers still exist in the area.
Several turns are usually sufficient to cut through the pipe.
Several turnouts are here along the road for parking.
Several turrets decorate the parapet.
Several tutors are available to help students.
Several tutorials are available.
Several tutorials are currently unavailable as they are under revision.
Several types are available from the major filter manufactures.
Several types are available on the market.
Several types are available, and each requires a slightly different technique.
Several types are available, ranging from portfolios to the traditional research paper.
Several types are available.
Several types are now available and are easily installed.
Several types are useful.
Several types are usually available.
Several types exist and work in different ways depending on the ingredients.
Several types seem to be prominent in our modern society.
Several types take a second parameter.
Several uncertainties are on the horizon for the livestock and meat markets.
Several uncertainties remain.
Several undergraduates help at all levels, especially in data collection.
Several unions warn of work stoppages if the government insists on going through with the increase.
Several unit exams throughout the course, no final.
Several unit exams throughout the course.
Several units are accessible to handicapped persons.
Several units are available and can vary from semester to semester.
Several units are in commercial operation throughout North America.
Several units are referral centers.
Several units are wheelchair accessible.
Several units boast king-size beds in the master bedroom and two sets of bunks in the loft.
Several units can be daisy chained together as desired.
Several units can be daisy-chained, each next becoming a master for the preceding ones.
Several units contain study questions.
Several units do offer website development and management.
Several units have a fully equipped kitchen.
Several units have kitchen facilities and some a view of the Pacific Ocean.
Several units have new appliances.
Several units have partnerships with colleges and universities throughout the nation.
Several units have special drill teams, color guards and honor guards.
Several units have special drill teams, color guards, and honor guards.
Several units have woodstoves, and all are equipped with heaters and fans.
Several units maintain help desks.
Several units offer a kitchen, living area and bedroom.
Several units offer classes in inland areas.
Several units share a water tap, trash receptacle, and toilet facilities.
Several units support training, and a few support drug-free programs targeted to varied audiences.
Several units use staff committees to screen and recommend award winners.
Several universities are within close proximity allowing for higher educational opportunities.
Several universities award advanced degrees in chemistry.
Several universities do, however, offer elective credit.
Several universities face the same problems.
Several universities have centers or institutes that promote health-related nonsense.
Several universities have military departments.
Several universities have no access to the Internet.
Several universities have productivity centers that offer assistance.
Several universities have very specific procedures to follow in monitoring a user s account.
Several universities maintain sites that provide a wealth of information about capital punishment.
Several universities offer postgrad courses.
Several universities offer programmes leading to advanced degrees.
Several universities offer undergraduate programmes leading to the award of Bachelor of Laws.
Several universities report that more students are interested in becoming teachers.
Several universities use CD-ROMs in promoting their sports teams.
Several universities use it, too.
Several universities use the book.
Several upgrades are also available.
Several upgrades are pending.
Several upgrades make the recovered system more secure than it was before the attack.
Several upsets can occur in early preps, and new waves of contending horses emerge constantly.
Several urologists suggest that long bike rides on narrow, pointed seats lead to male impotence.
Several users are now live with pieces of the product.
Several users can access the data at the same time.
Several users can retrieve stored video from the same site at the same time.
Several users can share a single fanalet, passing it back and forth as they wish.
Several users can share the computer simultaneously.
Several users can view the same object provided one user controls the movement.
Several users can work on the same set of files that are shared as thinkdesign documents.
Several users can work with public files and still maintain their own contacts.
Several users distributed over a network can participate in a common virtual environment.
Several users maintail pages about specific types of machines they have.
Several users report a variety of performance figures using disc arrays as the system volume set.
Several users share a single carrier frequency using non-overlapping time slots.
Several users use the same data channel for efficiency.
Several utilities are available for checking shared memory.
Several utilities are available to copy data from source to source and from year to year.
Several utilities are there, separated by type.
Several utilities exist for easily decompressing and extracting files from zipped archives.
Several utilities exist for making and extracting files from archives.
Several utilities offer incentives to homeowners who make energy-saving improvements.
Several vacancies exist for pre-doctoral visiting fellows.
Several vaccines are available and appear effective.
Several vaccines are available which are produced by different methods but give the same protection.
Several vaccines are available, however, to prevent certain forms of bacterial meningitis.
Several vaccines are in preclinical development and in clinical trials.
Several vaccines are now under development.
Several vaccines contain small amounts of antibiotics.
Several valleys exist between the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Allegheny Mountains.
Several values are helpful in evaluating the quality of a particular water source.
Several vans are filled, they bring in a bus.
Several variables affect cavitation intensity.
Several variables affect premium rates.
Several variables are definable in the .ini file.
Several variables can make a difference and affect the quality of the torch cut.
Several variables come into play.
Several variables control the aspect of the display.
Several variables determine the payment for a book .
Several variables determine the relative quality of the performance of fiber and slit MOSs.
Several variables have constant initial values.
Several variables influence proper exposure.
Several variables play into the outcome of an excellent tea.
Several variants exist.
Several variations appear on the web, and it is clear that it has been embellished by many hands.
Several variations are available from formal to casual, from indoor to outdoor. .
Several variations are available.
Several variations are in print.
Several variations are possible for the sauce.
Several variations are possible in the movement activity.
Several variations are possible when playing for low.
Several variations are possible.
Several variations are to be found.
Several variations can occur.
Several variations come with vegetables, and various meat and seafood.
Several variations exist.
Several varieties are available from base soap to completely formulated products.
Several varieties are available in markets during the fall.
Several varieties are available in Panama during dry season and the beginning of rainy season.
Several varieties are available in spur and non-spur strains.
Several varieties are available that are capable of producing high yields.
Several varieties are available, as well as wreaths, holly and garland.
Several varieties are available.
Several varieties are distinguished by the color of the seeds.
Several varieties are grown as food crops in Africa.
Several varieties are grown throughout the tropics.
Several varieties are in the trade.
Several varieties are now available at major sporting goods stores.
Several varieties are on the market, but none of the varieties have a good resistance to diseases.
Several varieties are popular here.
Several varieties are rare and are indicated in our printed catalogue.
Several varieties bear pods that develop above the leaf canopy and point up to the sky.
Several varieties bloom from late spring until fall.
Several varieties described are as follows.
Several varieties have attractive variegation.
Several varieties have low to moderate resistance or tolerance to potato leafhopper yellowing.
Several varieties have petals edged or feathered in contrasting colors.
Several varieties have white or yellow variegation on their leaves.
Several varieties span the fall, winter and spring for steady harvest.
Several varieties yield fewer but larger fruit.
Several vectors point in the same direction.
Several vegetables are suitable for a fall garden.
Several vegetables benefit from post-harvest curing.
Several vegetables have high concentrations of polyphenols including spinach, broccoli and onions.
Several vegetables have varieties that are resistant to root-knot nematodes.
Several vehicles are available today that operate on compressed natural gas.
Several vendors agree that interoperability remains a hurdle and have united to deal with the issue.
Several vendors are active in the intranet-management market.
Several vendors are in the process of developing or modifying billing systems.
Several vendors display Asian crafts.
Several vendors distribute the XPM library, as contributed software, on the platforms they sell.
Several vendors emphasize their capabilities here.
Several vendors encourage ordering over the Internet via their home pages.
Several vendors have hardware-software products aimed at ISPs.
Several vendors have multiple lines in case one goes down.
Several vendors have small print servers with multiple ports.
Several vendors insist it is.
Several vendors Keep checking back for more special events and info.
Several vendors make equipment that is compatible with IRV elections.
Several vendors make ethernet gateways for home use.
Several vendors mention certification or professional memberships.
Several vendors offer commercial alternatives to modifying the test strip holder.
Several vendors offer customer references.
Several vendors offer emergency service.
Several vendors offer reproduction decals.
Several vendors offer such appliances.
Several vendors provide single-line mechanical Braille systems.
Several vendors provide the service of registering a domain name for the Internet.
Several vendors provide the service of selling mint foreign stamps to hams for SASEs.
Several vendors sell proprietary systems designed to facilitate collaboration.
Several vendors supply medications that fit into vending machines.
Several vendors think they have a better way.
Several verses seem to have an Arminian flavor.
Several version builds are available.
Several versions are available for download, including the full source tree.
Several versions are available from land-grant universities on the internet, also.
Several versions are available from various chapters but a consolidated one is yet to be prepared.
Several versions are available including units with UV and blue enhanced elements.
Several versions are available, including a children's version.
Several versions are available.
Several versions are offered for download, some are totally free.
Several versions are very stable, and can be used for production work.
Several versions exist concerning the aforementioned grisly events.
Several versions exist that center around the death of a young woman in a third-floor corner room.
Several versions exist today with the same basic core of commands.
Several versions exist with totally different questions.
Several versions exist, with the figures on the bridge at slightly different positions.
Several versions exist.
Several vets refer dogs here.
Several vets work for very reasonable prices.
Several videos are also available to help students improve their learning strategies.
Several videos are available in Spanish.
Several videos place the personal story in a historical context.
Several videotape duplicating companies operate in Florida.
Several views prevail as to the significance of the red pigment.
Several views show the way it had curled up before being mineralized.
Several viewers can gather around a single Magic Book and experience it together.
Several viewpoints are available - fixed standpoint, or attached to model, plus variations on each.
Several vignettes illustrate the impact of curiosity during therapy.
Several vignettes offer ideas about understanding aggression and anger.
Several villages are already snowbound.
Several villages comprise an elat, which is governed by a council of male elders.
Several villages subsist almost entirely on food grown here.
Several villages withn the sanctuary.
Several villagers report seeing a strange young man in the area.
Several viruses are exclusively infect the oral mucosa.
Several viruses attack the heart directly, causing myocarditis, which is often fatal.
Several viruses can infect potato without causing noticeable symptoms.
Several viruses can infect the liver.
Several viruses encode suppressor of gene silencing.
Several viruses infect and damage squash, cucumbers, and pumpkins in Michigan.
Several viruses produce a mosaic pattern on peas.
Several viscosity grades available for a variety of molding processes.
Several visits are generally necessary to complete a contract.
Several vitamins are noted for their effectiveness in reducing allergic symptoms.
Several vitamins contain sulfur.
Several voices introduce the rich variety of Hebrew as heard in congregations today.
Several voices join in.
Several volcanoes are present in the rift zone.
Several volumes are available below.
Several volumes are devoted to sacred music of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.
Several volumes are of particular interest to genealogists.
Several volumes contain information relating only to paroled prisoners.
Several volumes contain informative introductory material.
Several volumes cover Greece.
Several volumes cover Rome.
Several volumes is another matter.
Several volunteers are rather frustrated by requests being made.
Several volunteers are scheduled together, so no one is alone.
Several volunteers assist staff with general office clerical functions.
Several volunteers assist with the games each week.
Several volunteers design, produce, and carry out the worship services for the church.
Several volunteers do special clerical and computer projects at home.
Several volunteers give many hours of their time to help the police and the community.
Several volunteers go to the haven and build equipment or repair things.
Several volunteers hold bible studies on center weekly.
Several volunteers live together in one room.
Several volunteers move around during the day to handle various parts of the ceremony.
Several vulnerabilities exist in the portmir command.
Several walks go through the surrounding forest which comprises both native and exotic trees.
Several wall scrolls hang from the ceiling.
Several walls are packed floor to ceiling with LPs, CDs, cassettes, videos and books on music.
Several wasps give some biological control.
Several waterfalls appear on the mountains during times of heavy rain.
Several waterfalls are part of the area's uniqueness.
Several waterfalls cascade down and sometimes onto the road during early summer.
Several waterways discharge into a natural drainageway.
Several waves can arrive at the same time from different directions with different wavelengths.
Several ways are available to determine when to breed the female.
Several ways are available to sort and view what's in the database.
Several ways are available.
Several ways are to be used for information dissemination.
Several ways exist to refine the search.
Several ways exist.
Several weaknesses exist in controls over cash collected at athletic events.
Several weapons can use more than one type of ammunition.
Several web cams all over the area.
Several Web hosting companies provide small businesses with inexpensive sites.
Several Web logs focus on distance education and educational technology.
Several websites cater to people who just want a print-reproduction for their home.
Several websites contain links to manufacturer's driver pages.
Several websites detail a man's murder, while others tell of robot insurrection.
Several websites exist that document the culture of India.
Several websites exist whose sole purpose is to track sites that host open mail relays.
Several websites explain how oral history is done.
Several websites insist on a password even though they are free.
Several websites offer a URL redirection service.
Several websites offer complete information and directions for using condoms.
Several websites offer free email accounts.
Several websites offer home delivery overnight.
Several websites offer information about can manufacture or the canning process.
Several websites offer lessons in the art of romance.
Several websites offer sliders online.
Several websites offer such practice examinations.
Several websites offers maps and other information.
Several websites provide comparisons among telecommunications service providers.
Several websites provide information directly and pointers to other resources.
Several websites provide interior and exterior views of sheep brain structures.
Several websites provide listings of bed and breakfast places in Australia.
Several websites specializing in auto sales let shoppers browse from home.
Several weeds cause problems in wheat production.
Several weeks are devoted to the structural determination of organic molecules.
Several weeks are then devoted to the purification of a protein used in sugar metabolism.
Several weeks can go by before things can really begin.
Several weeks curing and rinsing is a minimum.
Several weeks have web resource links.
Several weeks pass.
Several weeks show bandwidth nearly at capacity on several occasions within the last month.
Several weights are available for the algisimeter.
Several well can even be in the same cell.
Several wells are off line due to high nitrates in the water.
Several wells are producers while another set of wells are the injectors.
Several wells have no lithologic logs or other information.
Several wetlands sit on top of acidic sandstone.
Several wheelchairs are available.
Several widgets exist solely as common bases for more specific widgets.
Several willows are common in alpine areas.
Several windings are available to match desired speed with available voltage.
Several windjammers cater especially to families.
Several windows are open and visible on a desktop.
Several windows can be open at the same time on the desktop.
Several windows display different aspects of the underlying data base.
Several windows give the room really nice natural light.
Several windows provide cool night breezes and panoramic views of the ranch.
Several wines are available by the glass or bottle.
Several wines are available by the half-bottle or glass.
Several wineries feature cuisines ranging from barbecue to seafoods.
Several wineries offer guided tours and wine tastings.
Several wineries offer guided tours and wine-tastings.
Several witnesses accuse the security forces.
Several witnesses plan to attend the hearing itself.
Several witnesses say that the undercover police refused to identify themselves.
Several woman wear cleavage-revealing tops.
Several women are currently in training to become licensed reactor operators.
Several women are one step closer to reaching a title match as well.
Several women bare their breasts often.
Several women come with youngsters and childcare is provided.
Several women describe their partners as emotionally abusive, controlling and detached.
Several women discuss their experience with the Norplant system.
Several women do the cooking on burners and a grill behind the counter.
Several women enter a train station at staggered times.
Several women give Niagara a try.
Several women say they've never plotted linear career paths.
Several women share personal stories illustrating the circumstances surrounding their lives.
Several women show cleavage at a wedding.
Several women show cleavage in skimpy tops.
Several women wear cleavage-revealing dresses.
Several women wear cleavage-revealing tops.
Several woods are available but western red cedar remains the favorite.
Several words help describe the Belonging state of joy.
Several words seeming to signify action, signify but the effect.
Several works appear under more than one heading.
Several works are comparative while others focus more narrowly on a single nation or community.
Several works are of doubtful authenticity.
Several works emphasize the effects of the passage of time on hopes and dreams.
Several works have that post-apocalyptic approach to machines.
Several works have undergone restoration.
Several works parody well-known songs.
Several works reflect the cultural heritage of the artist while others are universal in expression.
Several workers are busy polishing the floor and erecting a small platform at one end of the room.
Several workers have beards.
Several workers scurry by with a pump to fix a flooded area.
Several workshops are available for students from the beginning through the advanced levels.
Several workshops are suitable for usewith both primary and secondary teachers.
Several workshops designate a principal to be one of the professionals conducting the training.
Several workshops employ long-distance learning approaches.
Several workshops focus on using other subject areas, such as science and drama, to teach writing.
Several workshops take place during the year.
Several writers call for new patterns of engagement.
Several writers criticize the county for placing the children in the freeway median.
Several writers have cc'd Contracts Watch with their refusal letters.
Several writers predict untoward effects on the medical profession.
Several writers refer to such appliances.
Several writers say that nowdays the American system is a federal one no longer.
Several writers say university study is stressful and break needed from studies.
Several writers share their favorite verses and offer helpful thoughts.
Several writers state that medicine was an avenue of assimilation in both medieval and modern times.
Several writers take on thoughtful themes with depth, wit and imagination.
Several writers use their Web pages to help sell their books.
Several writers use their webpages to help sell their books.
Several yachts lie idle, anchored in protective blue lagoons.
Several years are available.
Several years are incomplete.
Several years are required before the termite colony reaches the typically mature size.
Several years are still available for purchase.
Several years can go into preparing a mission.
Several years experience and proven ability in marketing, administration and career counseling.
Several years experience as a software project manager.
Several years experience as an accounting clerk in the packaging industry.
Several years experience calibrating a wide variety of mechanical measuring instruments.
Several years experience designing RF cellular systems.
Several years experience in a busy office environment, preferably in a university setting.
Several years experience in a university environment preferably in a student services area.
Several years experience in a university setting, preferably in an academic division.
Several years experience in electric power analysis.
Several years experience in field management and program development.
Several years experience in housekeeping and supervisory capacity.
Several years experience in natural gas analysis.
Several years experience in public or municipal accounting including supervisory experience.
Several years experience in systems analysis, software testing, testing tools and methods.
Several years experience in the chemicals industry.
Several years experience in the design and construction of neutron scattering spectrometers.
Several years experience in the development of value added services for mobile telephony.
Several years experience in the trucking industry and trucking safety.
Several years experience providing outreach or health education services.
Several years experience with European families.
Several years experience with multiple languages and databases.
Several years experience with references available.
Several years experience working with graduate students.
Several years experience working with object-oriented programming.
Several years go by.
Several years learning the disciplines of profit-centre management are invaluable.
Several years pass , and the cordless baby grows into a young cordless boy.
Several years pass before any tree is ready to harvest.
Several years pass before it becomes malignant.
Several years pass, and leo kills andrew.
Several years pass, and the Sapling continues to grow vigorously.
Several years pass.
Several youngsters are now keen to pursue their interest in angling.
Several youth go to camp each summer.
Several zoos are test-feeding hay and alfalfa silage.
Severalnumerical simulations allow to specify and complete the model input condi- tions.
Severance packages are the norm.
Some severance packages contain just money payments.
Severance pay is calculated in accordance with one of the following methods.
Severance pay is money paid by an employer to some employees who lose their jobs.
Severance pay is money paid by an employer to some workers who lose their jobs.
Severance pay is on the rise.
Severance pay is one full salary upon completion of a one year contract.
Severance pay is one month's pay plus any accrued, unused vacation.
Severance pay is one week's pay for each year on the job.
Severance pay is optional.
Severance pay is provided.
Severance pay is taxable, based on the years of service rendered to Delaware.
Severance pay is taxable.
Severance payments are one thing and retirement benefits are quite another.
Severance payments are taxable and subject to tax withholding requirements.
Severance payments begin after the last day of the notice period.
Severance tax is different from income tax.
Severance tax is paid by the owners of the natural resources at the time of severance.
Severance tax varies from state to state.
A severance is separation
Severance can be a lump sum or continued paychecks.
Severance can happen automatically, but it is best to serve a clear notice.
Severance is a third person, hack and slash adventure with an attitude.
Severance is a unique dorm divided up into eight basic parts.
Severance is a very cool game.
Severance is determined by the grantor s intent.
Severance is much more akin to Rune , but with a much more intuitive and controllable combat system.
Severance is payable on the employee's last day of work as a regular employee.
Severance is therefore inappropriate.
Severance is transition pay.
Severance is usually a tougher sell than intrinsicness.
Severance is very dependent on facts and circumstances.
Severance is waived by failure to renew the motion.
Severance needs to compete better to maintain the stable populations around it.
Severance operates to convert the interest held as joint tenant into one held as tenant in common.
Severances are cuts.
Severe abruption is rare.
Severe abuse can also, it is thought, lead to delayed recall of events.
Severe abuse can lead to problems with jobs, family or the law.
Severe accidents cause brain injuries.
Severe accidents cause injuries.
Most severe accidents cause brain injuries.
Most severe accidents cause injuries.
Severe acne can cause deeper bumps, called cysts or nodules.
Severe acne can cause scarring, and often affects our self-image.
Severe acne can lead to scarring.
Severe acne is also a frequent problem.
Severe acne is much more difficult to treat than mild or moderate acne.
Severe acne seems to run in families and is seen more often in males.
Some severe acne can cause permanent scarring.
Severe adjustments have to be made sometimes when it comes to their school work.
Severe aggression is limited but rates of mild aggression increase.
Severe agoraphobia can result in being housebound.
Severe alleles have nervous system defects suggestive of neuron malfunction.
Many severe allergies are the result of breathing in broken up insects or insect parts.
More severe allergy is rare but is an emergency.
Severe anemia affects development.
Severe anemia can be extremely debilitating.
Severe anemia can be life threatening.
Severe anemia can be life-threatening.
Severe anemia can cause cardiovascular collapse.
Severe anemia can cause other problems such as difficulty breathing.
Severe anemia can lead to heart failure.
Severe anemia can make a person too weak to perform normal activities.
Severe anemia can result from excessive uterine bleeding.
Severe anemia is often the attributable cause of death in areas with intense malaria transmission.
Severe anemia is treatable through methods such as blood transfusions.
Most severe anemia affects development.
Some severe anemia leads to death.
Severe anxiety can be a crushing condition for the elderly.
Severe anxiety interferes with the ability to function on the exam.
Severe anxiety needs professional attention.
Severe anxiety needs to be treated by a qualified physician.
Severe arthritis is one of the most common conditions causing joint pain.
Severe asthma can result in death.
Severe asthma is a serious health concern that can lead to respiratory failure and death.
Severe asthma requires no exposure to extreme cold or environmental pollutants.
Severe astigmatism produces distorted or blurred vision.
Severe attack can result in leaf fall.
Severe attacks are unusual.
Severe attacks are usually fatal.
Severe attacks can be life threatening and require emergency medical treatment.
Severe attacks can be life-threatening.
Severe attacks can cause leaf and pod loss.
Severe attacks can herald the onset of systemic anaphylaxis, characterized initially by dyspnea.
Severe attacks leave most people exhausted and they usually sleep for several hours.
Severe attacks produce complete paralysis of striated muscles, but respiratory muscles are spared.
Severe attacks weaken trees and greatly reduce fruiting.
Some severe attacks reduce grain production.
Some severe attacks reduce production.
Some severe attacks result in restrictions.
Severe azotemia is unusual with adequate dialysis therapy.
Severe belly pains.
Severe bites can cause respiratory failure, coma and death.
More severe bites are treated with anti-venom medication.
Severe blizzards occur frequently with visibility restricted by blowing snow.
Severe bloat occurs on legume pastures.
Severe bone aches in legs at night in bed.
Severe botulism causes respiratory failure and paralysis.
Severe bunions can become very painful, hindering a person's ability to walk.
Severe burn shows tissue destruction.
Severe burns are among the most disfiguring and painful of injuries.
Severe burns are excruciatingly painful during wound care, even with traditional morphine doses.
Severe burns are perfect growth mediums for bacteria which can lead to infection.
Severe burns can cause patients to lose fluids and go into shock.
Severe burns can occur when the battery sits in the esophagus without moving.
Severe burns can result from exposure.
Severe burns pose a difficult medical challenge.
Severe burns require a doctor's care.
Severe burns require care.
Severe burns require very specialized initial and long term care.
More severe burns require immediate medical attention.
More severe burns require intravenous feeding.
Most severe burns require care.
Some severe burns require resources.
Some severe burns require trips.
Severe car accidents cause brain injuries.
Severe car accidents cause injuries.
Severe cases are called mud storms.
Severe cases are eligible for guarantee issue coverage.
Severe cases are eligible for guarantee issue products.
Severe cases benefit from a short course of antibiotics.
Severe cases call for rewarming by trained medical personnel.
Severe cases can affect the brain and heart.
Severe cases can be fatal.
Severe cases can be life threatening if left untreated.
Severe cases can be life-threatening.
Severe cases can become life threatening.
Severe cases can cause damage to houses and trees.
Severe cases can cause devastating health consequences, including seizures, coma, and death.
Severe cases can cause heart damage, heart attacks, depression and accidents.
Severe cases can cause infection, fever, vomiting, and joint pain.
Severe cases can cause liver damage and death.
Severe cases can cause nerve problems, inflammation of the heart muscle, and even death.
Severe cases can cause paralysis and death.
Severe cases can cause seizure and paralysis.
Severe cases can cause spinal cord compression.
Severe cases can even result in loss of a hoof.
Severe cases can involve spasms of the vocal cords or muscles involved in breathing.
Severe cases can involve surgery.
Severe cases can lead to a narrowing of the esophagus requiring medical therapy.
Severe cases can lead to breakdown of the skin and gangrene.
Severe cases can lead to death.
Severe cases can lead to dehydration in infants and young children.
Severe cases can lead to heart failure.
Severe cases can lead to more serious health problems.
Severe cases can lead to stroke and death.
Severe cases can lead to the breakdown of enamel and the weakening of bone and tooth structure.
Severe cases can progress to persistent cognitive deficit, coma and death.
Severe cases can require hospitalization.
Severe cases can require injection therapy or surgical removal of the scar tissue.
Severe cases can result in a shoestring effect similar to what is observed in papaya.
Severe cases can result in an eye turn.
Severe cases can result in blindness.
Severe cases can result in death from respiratory paralysis.
Severe cases can result in delirium and coma and, if untreated, toxic shock and death.
Severe cases can result in erythroderma and require hospitalization.
Severe cases can result in heart attack.
Severe cases can stunt growth and alter physical and mental performance.
Severe cases cause dehydration from diarrhea and require replenishing water and salts.
Severe cases cause enough irritation to become infected.
Severe cases cause more intense pain, with limping.
Severe cases crack the skin and bacterial invasion is imminent.
Severe cases defoliate the tree and cause some twigs and smaller branches to die.
Severe cases develop disability and even heart failure.
Severe cases involve excessive fluid within the paricardium which restricts the myocardium.
Severe cases lead to death in a few days, especially in young calves and lambs.
Severe cases lead to liver failure.
Severe cases necessitate more viscous preparations such as gels and ointments.
Severe cases occur more commonly in older persons and can result in death.
Severe cases proceed to complete paralysis, impaired respiration, and death.
Severe cases progress to confusion, convulsions, and loss of consciousness.
Severe cases require a hospital stay.
Severe cases require complete removal of the tree.
Severe cases require education, removal of the causes of parasomnias and behavioral interventions.
Severe cases require hospitalization with intravenous antibiotics and strict dietary restraints.
Severe cases require medical attention of dermatologists.
Severe cases require proper medical attention.
Severe cases require specific treatment, usually antibiotic ear drops.
Severe cases require surgery as the child grows older.
Severe cases require surgery to relieve the pressure.
Severe cases require the use of systemic antibiotics.
Severe cases require treatment with a topical estrogen cream and gradual separation of the labia.
Severe cases resemble leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
Severe cases resemble varicella in the immunocompromised host.
Severe cases result in cavities.
Severe cases result in liver disease, difficulty with breathing, convulsions or death.
More severe cases are treated with drugs that inhibit serotonin and chemical sedation.
More severe cases can also include gastrointestinal symptoms.
More severe cases can also include small pimples or blisters in addition to redness.
More severe cases can cause breathing difficulty , cramps, nausea, vomiting and fainting.
More severe cases can cause nasal obstruction, facial pressure and facial pain.
More severe cases can lead to permanent nerve, brain, and kidney damage.
More severe cases can lead to the leakage of liquid into the lungs.
More severe cases can present with a crackling of the skin to the touch.
More severe cases can produce problems such as dry skin, constipation and hair loss.
More severe cases can result in kidney failure, brain damage and death.
More severe cases can result in shiny black lesions on stalks and stalk lodging.
More severe cases develop severe diarrhea and abdominal cramps.
More severe cases have small blisters appearing on the tip or shaft of the penis.
More severe cases have thick, greasy, and scaly plaques on the scalp, eyebrows, and external ears.
More severe cases require bandage contact lenses with antibiotic coverage.
More severe cases require blood transfusions.
More severe cases require corrective diet supplementation, leg splints and even corrective surgery.
More severe cases require injections.
More severe cases require medical attention, especially in chronically sick or elderly people.
More severe cases require oral anti-inflammatory or immunosuppressant therapy.
More severe cases require professional medical treatment.
More severe cases require scalp applications.
More severe cases require several days before symptoms begin to abate.
More severe cases require surgery.
More severe cases require surgical removal of the disc, which is major surgery.
More severe cases result in stillbirths or infants who die soon after birth.
More severe cases warrant therapy with oral antibiotic therapy.
Some severe cases require surgery.
Some severe cases result in gangrene to legs and feet.
Some severe cases suffer brain damage.
Some severe cases suffer damage.
Severe cataracts can result in blindness.
Severe cataracts lead to blindness.
Most severe cataracts lead to blindness.
Severe cells are the same as the medium, but the cell is completely dark.
Many severe challenges remain, but Heath is guardedly optimistic.
Severe changes occur in local climate even without global warming.
Severe cholera induces uncontrollable diarrhea and vomiting with extreme loss of fluids.
Severe climate is associated with close location of the region to Arctic seas and the Arctic Ocean.
Severe climate is conditioned by close location of the region to arctic seas and the Arctic Ocean.
Severe coastal erosion occurs over time.
Severe cold can be dangerous.
Severe complications are extremely rare.
Severe complications are rare.
Severe complications can result from too much pickle juice.
Severe complications happen most often in babies.
More severe complications can include infection, numbness or even paralysis.
Severe compression can modify normal patterns of learning in the brain.
Severe conditions affect areas.
Severe conditions are medical conditions.
Severe conditions can have adverse effects.
Severe conditions can have effects.
Most severe conditions affect areas.
Most severe conditions can have adverse effects.
Most severe conditions can have effects.
Most severe conditions result in the administrator being notified.
Most severe conditions result in the administrator being paged.
Severe congestion is experienced when all the buffers are used.
Severe congestion is followed by ischemic necrosis of hepatocytes.
Severe conjunctivitis is often a secondary infection caused by a disease like feline herpes.
More severe consequences are also possible even for first offenses.
Severe constipation can also complicate dehydration.
Severe constipation can cause an adult to cry during a bowel movement.
Severe constipation can cause incontinence.
Severe constipation can lead to painful abdominal cramps, nausea, bloating and decreased appetite.
Severe constipation can sometimes cause sudden onset incontinence.
Severe constipation causes pain, nausea, and vomiting and can be dangerous.
Severe constipation causes the bowel to be blocked with hard faeces.
Severe constipation is a frequent complication.
Some severe constipation occurs in patients.
Severe constraints exist in the budget process.
Severe convection represents a difficult forecasting problem for a number of reasons.
Severe corrosion is common place with older British amplifiers.
Severe cuts provide their own drama.
Severe damage can occur to a passerby who gets too cozy with any cholla, but especially a teddybear.
Severe damage can occur to all of the blood forming, nervous, urinary and reproductive systems.
Severe damage can occur to all the the blood forming, nervous, urinary and reproductive systems.
Severe damage can occur to the leeward walls if the windward walls are penetrated.
Severe damage can result if the required torque of the driven machine is significantly less.
Severe damage causes the peach to crack open.
Severe damage gives the field a grayish or whitish cast, as if it had been frosted.
Severe damage is caused by opening overfull drawers.
Severe damage is observed due to irrigation activities throughout.
Severe damage is to skin and underlying tissues most often involving the wing webs and legs.
Most severe damage is often in the center of the area, with damage decreasing towards the margins.
Most severe damage occurs when weevils emerge early in the season and feed on the expanding buds.
Some severe damage occurs in victims.
Severe decay can destroy teeth.
Severe deficiencies are rickets in children and osteomalacia in adults.
Severe deficiencies can lead to permanent nerve damage and a condition known as pernicious anemia.
Severe deficiencies cause death.
Severe deficiencies causing blindness are extremely rare in Western societies.
Severe deficiencies result in impairment.
Severe deficiencies result in visual impairment.
Severe deficiency can also cause irreversible corneal damage, leading to partial or total blindness.
Severe deficiency can delay maturity and through aborted flowers, reduce yields.
Severe deficiency can lead to high blood cholesterol levels and heart problems.
Severe deficiency leads to scurvy .
Severe deficiency means death.
Most severe deficiencies cause death.
Most severe deficiencies result in impairment.
Most severe deficiencies result in visual impairment.
Severe defoliation can lead to reduced bloom the next season.
Severe defoliation can occur if plants are permitted to dry excessively.
Severe defoliation can occur.
Severe defoliation disrupts the natural cycle of nutrients.
Severe defoliation leads to premature fruit drop.
Severe defoliation occurs during summer and early fall.
Severe defoliation reduces host plant vigor, which allows for secondary pest infection.
Severe defoliation reduces plant vigor, which allows for secondary pest infection.
Severe defoliation reduces tree vigor, allowing for secondary infection and possible death.
Severe degree is found in the cyclopia series.
Severe dehydration can affect blood pressure, circulation, digestion and kidney function.
Severe dehydration can also result in kidney failure.
Severe dehydration can cause death.
Severe dehydration can cause dizziness, headaches, nausea and a rapid heartbeat.
Severe dehydration can cause serious heat illnesses.
Severe dehydration can cause the body to go into shock and is potentially fatal.
Severe dehydration can lead to death.
Severe dehydration can lead to heat illness, heat stroke and even death.
Severe dehydration can lead to hospitalization and even death.
Severe dehydration can lead to kidney and circulation problems.
Severe dehydration can lead to organ failure and even coma if left untreated.
Severe dehydration can lead to shock and death.
Severe dehydration is also life threatening.
Severe dehydration is the primary cause of morbidity and mortality.
Severe dehydration leads to low blood pressure, loss of consciousness, and eventually deep coma.
Severe dehydration requires medical treatment.
Severe dementia includes a reduced ability to remember names and recall long term events.
Severe dementia is uncommon, but in some cases, it is the initial symptom of the disorder.
Severe dengue causes fluid to leak from the bloodstream .
Severe dengue causes fluid to leak from the bloodstream.
Severe dependence is marked by an excess of dependency symptoms and social dysfunction.
Severe deposit build up occurs on the piston crown and exhaust valve leading to corrosion.
Severe depression can also affect the appetite, resulting in weight loss.
Severe depression can include hallucinations and, in some cases, suicide attempts.
Severe depression can lead to suicide.
Severe depression is a medical emergency.
Severe depression is a serious illness.
Severe depression is correlated with high blood-caffeine levels.
Severe depression is thought to have a genetic component.
Severe depression lasts longer.
Severe depression seems to be spreading.
Severe depression sets in.
More severe depression can include thoughts of utter futility and suicide.
Severe dermatitis can take several weeks to clear up.
More severe deterioration means more severe symptoms.
Severe diarrhea can cause dehydration and can kill a child in just a few days.
Severe diarrhea can lead to a dangerous condition called dehydration, which can result in death.
Severe diarrhea can lead to fatal dehydration very quickly, especially in kits and juveniles.
Severe diarrhea can produce an appearance of the diaper area best described as scalded.
Severe diarrhea combined with malnutrition often leads to problems.
Severe diarrhea is rare but of more concern is the suppression of the immune system.
Severe diarrhea is the passage of many watery BMs.
Severe diarrhea is the passage of many watery bowel movements.
Severe diarrhea is the passage of watery bowel movements.
Severe diarrhea leads to dehydration.
Most severe diarrhea leads to dehydration.
Some severe diarrhea is caused by parasites.
Severe disability is defined as a complete inability to perform one of the above activities.
Severe discomfort causes the patient to possessively guard the affected part and to avoid movement.
Severe disease can cause crop loss and tree debilitation.
Severe disease can cause straw breakage, resulting in a loss of spikes with combine harvesting.
Severe disease can include acute hepatitis, pneumonia, and meningoencephalitis.
Severe disease can lead to kidney damage and, in some cases, death.
Severe disease can occur during periods of high rainfall combined with strong winds or hail.
Severe disease can occur in immunocompromised hosts.
Severe disease causes premature yellowing of leaves, sometimes followed by lodging and defoliation.
Severe disease is characterized by seizures, coma and paralysis.
Severe disease is rare and occurs more commonly in persons with weakened immune systems.
Severe disease is rare.
Severe disease is seen extending into populations in previously less affected areas.
Severe disease occurs in immunocompromised patients, esp.
Severe disease requires immediate corticosteroid therapy.
More severe disease requires hydrochloric acid pump inhibitors such as omeprazole or lansoprazole.
Some severe diseases lead to pneumonia.
Some severe diseases occur in infants.
Some severe diseases result in death.
Severe disfigurement is included as a disability, except when caused by tattoos or body piercing.
Severe dislocation affects many Subsaharan African countries, from Liberia to Rwanda.
Severe disruptions are usually the result of politically related cutbacks in supply.
Severe distortions occur when data transmits through wireline channels.
Severe disturbances can also cause power outages.
Severe drought affects regions.
Severe drought can cause the same response.
Severe drought can kill jack pine seedlings.
Severe drought can render areas too low in food or water for occupation.
Severe drought can trigger lesser releases.
Severe drought continues to plague southwest Florida.
Severe drought coupled with high winds and low humidity make for large fires.
Severe drought destroys their wetland homes.
Severe drought exists in much of the Midwest.
Severe drought hits the midwestern and southern plains.
Severe drought is probably the most common cause of prussic acid poisoning.
Severe droughts are uncommon.
Severe droughts can cause millions of dollars in losses to farmers.
Severe droughts kill crops, shrink lakes, and dry topsoil until it is carried away by the wind.
Most severe drought affects regions.
Some severe drought causes crops.
Some severe drought drives kangaroos.
Severe dryness can result in scalp sores.
More severe dryness is to be avoided.
Severe dysfunction requires valve replacement.
Severe earthquakes are a worldwide problem.
Severe earthquakes occur and volcanoes occasionally erupt with much destruction.
Severe eczema causes intense itching.
More severe eczema can be more difficult and frustrating to treat.
More severe eczema can be more difficult to treat.
Severe edema can extend from the ankles and into the abdomen.
Severe edema can strain supportive structures of udder.
Severe effects are pain, swelling, blistering, fever, chills, and nausea.
Most severe effect is formation of hydroceles and elephantiasis.
More severe elevations can lead to heart failure or even stroke.
Severe emaciation is seen in animals recovering from severe disease.
Severe emphysema is a major cause of right-sided congestive heart failure.
Severe emphysema is characterized by a profound sense of breathlessness.
Severe encephalitis can sometimes cause lasting neurological problems.
Severe endometriosis can cause infertility.
Severe endometriosis can lead to infertility in various ways.
Severe endometriosis causes pelvic scarring and distortion of pelvic anatomy.
Severe endometriosis is a known cause of infertility.
Severe endometriosis is used to describe large implants and extensive scar tissue.
Severe episodes are a frequent cause of impotency.
Severe episodes can be life threatening.
Severe episodes have a good prognosis if hypoglycemia is rapidly corrected.
Severe erosion is more likely to occur if there are two or more high tide cycles during the storm.
Severe erosion occurs over time.
Most severe erosion occurs over time.
Some severe erosion occurs in cases.
Some severe erosion occurs in such cases.
Severe eruptions can disrupt the climate for long periods or cause atmospheric shock waves.
Severe eutrophication can kill fish and other species and change the ecological balance of rivers.
Severe events are rare even in places where they are relatively common.
Severe exhaustion reduces the salmon's odds of surviving.
Severe exposure can be fatal.
Severe exposure can cause collapse and death.
Severe exposure can cause death from throat swelling or from chemical bums to the lungs.
Severe exposure can cause death from throat swelling or from chemical burns to the lungs.
Severe exposure can cause death.
Severe exposure can lead to convulsions, unconsciousness, cardiac arrest, and death.
Severe exposure requires medical attention.
Severe exposures can cause brain damage, evident after recovery from the acute effects.
Severe exposures can lead to a chemical pneumonitis.
Severe exposures can lead to a chemical pneumonitits.
Severe exposures can lead to convulsions and loss of consciousness.
Severe exposures can lead to internal bleeding, kidney and liver failure and pulmonary emphysema.
Severe exposures can lead to shock, circulatory collapse and death.
Severe exposures can lead to shock, circulatory collapse, and death.
Severe exposures occur during repair when insulation is removed.
Severe fatigue is also common as food fuels our energy level.
Severe fights occur between females, leading to takeovers of male mates.
Severe fire alters forest structures.
Severe fire alters structures.
Severe fire covers areas.
Severe fire covers extensive areas.
Severe fire creates canopy openings and suitable mineral seedbeds for gooseberry establishment.
Severe fire impacts habitats.
Severe fire impacts marten habitats.
Severe fires can also reduce the shrub cover, especially of huckleberries.
Severe fires can lead to significant further erosion if followed by heavy rainfall.
Severe fires followed by drought can also contribute to soil erosion.
Severe fires kill tree but underground parts survive in moist soils.
Severe fires producing high soil temperatures create a water-repellent layer below the soil surface.
Severe fires result from strong winds.
Most severe fire covers areas.
Most severe fire covers extensive areas.
Some severe fire kills many mature trees.
Some severe fire leads to erosion.
Some severe fire leads to further erosion.
Some severe fire leads to significant erosion.
Severe floods strike Cambodia and Vietnam.
Severe flooding can occur from hurricanes and major storms.
More severe forces result in more severe types of injuries and longer times to recover.
Severe forgetfulness is one of the first symptoms of the disease.
More severe forms are dengue haemorrhagic fever and dengue shock syndrome.
More severe forms are dengue hemorrhagic fever and dengue shock syndrome.
Severe frosts can injure blossoms and young developing berries.
More severe frosts kill growing shoots and cause severe fruit damage and fruit drop.
Severe frostbite can lead to loss of body parts such a fingers and toes.
Severe frostbite can result in loss of body parts usually the fingers or toes.
Severe frostbite requires emergency treatment.
Severe gales batter the south coast of England.
Severe gas can result from drinking soda, milk or other dairy products, certain vegetables.
Severe glossitis causes dysphagia.
Severe haemophilia is characterised by recurrent and spontaneous bleeding into joints.
Severe hallucinations are possible with large doses.
Severe headache is treated with pain relievers such as codeine.
Severe headache occurs and there is pain in the face.
Severe headaches are intermittent.
Severe headwinds can slow the blimp almost to a standstill, however.
Severe heatstroke can lead to irreversible failure of internal organs and ultimately death.
Severe hemolysis causes the fetus to call upon the spleen and liver to produce more red cells.
Severe hemophiliacs can bleed frequently without noticeable cause.
Severe hemorrhage is a rare event.
Severe hemorrhage is controlled and intravenous fluids are given as necessary.
Severe hepatitis can lead to chronic liver dysfunction.
Severe hepatitis can lead to liver failure and another transplantation.
Severe hepatomegaly is noted.
Severe hunger is rampant.
More severe hypercapnia can cause coma and hypoxemia that is ultimately fatal.
Severe hyperparathyroidism can cause bone destruction, resulting in bone fragility.
Severe hypersensitivity requires treatment to stop.
Severe hypertension can cause morning headaches, dizziness, or chest pain, among other symptoms.
Severe hypertension requires drug treatment to lower the blood pressure.
Severe hyperthermia is a disease that affects nearly every system in the body.
Severe hypos are dangerous and can lead to brain damage and death.
Severe hypocalcemia causes papilledema, which improves with treatment of the calcium derangement.
Severe hypogammaglobulinemia requires maintenance with immune globulin.
Severe hypoglycemia can cause death.
Severe hypoglycemia can cause loss of consciousness.
Severe hypoglycemia can damage the brain and the rest of the central nervous system.
Severe hypoglycemia can markedly impair neurological function.
Severe hypoglycemia can produce coma.
Severe hypoglycemia can result in temporary or permanent impairment of brain function and death.
Severe hypoglycemia can result in weakness, seizures and unconsciousness.
Severe hypoglycemia is clearly a medical emergency.
Severe hypoglycemia is more likely.
Severe hypoglycemia is very dangerous and can cause death.
Severe hypoglycemia occurs as liver stores of glucose are depleted.
Severe hypokalemia is relatively uncommon.
Severe hyponatremia can lead to seizures and coma.
Severe hypotension calls for the immediate use of an i.v. vasopressor drug, such as levarterenol.
Severe hypotension is side effect.
Severe hypothermia can also cause an irregular heartbeat leading to heart failure and death.
Severe hypothermia can cause an irregular heartbeat leading to heart failure and death.
Severe hypothermia requires emergency medical intervention.
Severe hypothermia requires immediate emergency medical intervention.
Severe hypothyroidism is known as myxedema.
Severe hypoxia is present.
Severe illness can develop quickly because fluid can shift rapidly form one compartment to another.
Severe illness can occur if vaccines designed for intranasal use are accidently injected.
Severe illness is characterized by the onset of pneumonia.
Severe illnesses are likely to have been short, leading either to early recovery or to early death.
More severe illnesses exist among certain Jewish groups.
Some severe illnesses are caused by leptospiras.
Some severe illnesses cause paralysis.
Severe immunodeficiencies result when the thymus is rendered useless or destroyed.
Some severe impact occurs during tide.
Severe incontinence is usually quite rare.
Severe infection can cause high fever, neck stiffness, disorientation, coma, tremors and paralysis.
Severe infection can cause premature defoliation.
Severe infection can cause yellowing of foliage and eventual defoliation.
Severe infection can result in coma and death.
Severe infection can result in partial defoliation of the tree.
Severe infection can result in permanent organ damage, such as brain damage, or even death.
Severe infection can result in the complete failure of the crop.
Severe infection causes a reduction in yield, fruit quality, and winter hardiness.
Severe infection causes complete collapse of the plant.
Severe infection causes excessive leaf drop and stunting of the plant.
Severe infection causes headaches.
Severe infection causes inflammation.
Severe infection causes leaves to curl upward, dry up, turn brown and drop prematurely.
Severe infection causes pod blight.
Severe infection causes symptoms.
Severe infection causes violent headaches.
Severe infection creates health problems.
Severe infection creates problems.
Severe infection creates serious health problems.
Severe infection creates serious problems.
Severe infection has a high mortality rate.
Severe infection is marked by the rapid onset of a high fever, headache and body aches.
Severe infection is related to high light intensity, prolonged summer heat, and high evaporation.
Severe infection leads to anemia.
Severe infection leads to defoliation.
Severe infection occurs during the flowering stage and shortly afterward when wet weather prevails.
Severe infections are rare on mature trees in New Zealand and are more devastating on young trees.
Severe infections can abort tillers.
Severe infections can affect the entire leaf, causing it to turn brown and drop from the tree.
Severe infections can both result and cause it.
Severe infections can cause defoliation.
Severe infections can cause life threatening dehydration and 'anemia.
Severe infections can cause life-threatening dehydration and anemia.
Severe infections can kill an animal or cause poor milk, meat, hide or wool production.
Severe infections can lead to death.
Severe infections can lead to delirium and can make the patient violent and difficult to control.
Severe infections can occur in every part of the body, including the brain.
Severe infections can result in death in young kittens.
Severe infections can result in the death of branches and, eventually, the entire tree.
Severe infections can result in the death of scaffold branches and occasionally the entire tree.
Severe infections can sometimes trigger such an over-production of chemokines.
Severe infections can ultimately be fatal to some trees or shrubs.
Severe infections cause a mass of tiny, hairy and distorted leaves in center of plant.
Severe infections cause bloody stools and overall lethargy due to blood loss.
Severe infections cause defoliation.
Severe infections cause the trees to loose their leaves prematurely.
Severe infections cause wilting of the foliage and the plants require more frequent irrigations.
Severe infections defoliate the plants.
Severe infections defoliate the tree.
Severe infections kill leaves and result in sunburn fruit and weakened plants.
Severe infections kill the twigs.
Severe infections kill trees.
Severe infections occur in a very small number of people and include rapid onset of a high fever.
Severe infections produce hemorrhagic manifestations, pleural effusions, and shock.
Severe infections result in anemia, weight loss, and chronic diarrhea.
More severe infection is marked by headache, high fever, and neck stiffness.
More severe infections can be fatal.
More severe infections can cause tremors, convulsions and sometimes death.
More severe infections require a general anesthetic and drainage in the operating room.
More severe infections require intravenous administration.
More severe infections result in West Nile encephalitis with high fever, headache, confusion.
Most severe infection causes headaches.
Most severe infection causes inflammation.
Most severe infection causes symptoms.
Most severe infection causes violent headaches.
Most severe infection creates health problems.
Most severe infection creates problems.
Most severe infection creates serious health problems.
Most severe infection creates serious problems.
Most severe infection leads to anemia.
Some severe infection causes death.
Some severe infection is caused by attempts.
Some severe infection is caused by poach attempts.
Severe infestation can cause defoliation.
Severe infestation can cause leaf, branch, or even plant death.
Severe infestation can even cause twig dieback.
Severe infestation can make all the leaves fall off a single plant or an entire hedge.
Severe infestation causes defoliation.
Severe infestation causes premature leaf drop and twig dieback.
Severe infestations appear to lag behind the invasion front by approximately one year.
Severe infestations are less common on heavy clay soils.
Severe infestations are often easily visible from the edge of the field.
Severe infestations can cause anemia or even death in the animal.
Severe infestations can cause anemia, weight loss, and death of the host.
Severe infestations can cause anemia.
Severe infestations can cause defoliation and reduce shoot growth.
Severe infestations can cause defoliation.
Severe infestations can cause diarrhea, impaction, anemia, weight loss and colic.
Severe infestations can cause overall decline and even death of a plant.
Severe infestations can cause overall decline and even death of plants.
Severe infestations can cause plants to wilt, turn brown and die.
Severe infestations can cause pneumonia and suffocation.
Severe infestations can cause rupture of the stomach.
Severe infestations can cause serious damage to turfgrass, shrub foliage and ornamental blossoms.
Severe infestations can completely destroy a stand.
Severe infestations can destroy the plant.
Severe infestations can dramatically reduce yields and eventually kill plants.
Severe infestations can form tall, dense, impenetrable stands, especially in fertile soils.
Severe infestations can kill affected trees.
Severe infestations can kill entire plants.
Severe infestations can lead to allergic reactions and skin disorders, such as impetigo and eczema.
Severe infestations can lead to drying and curling of new leaves.
Severe infestations can lead to underweight and misshapen heads.
Severe infestations can prevent flower buds from opening, distort leaves, and weaken the tree.
Severe infestations can result in defoliation and loss of plant vigor.
Severe infestations can result in fields looking as though they had been sprayed with herbicides.
Severe infestations can stunt, smother and kill host plants.
Severe infestations cause leaves to yellow and drop.
Severe infestations cause symptoms of anemia, malena, and failure to thrive in infants.
Severe infestations destroy the potato crop by preventing tuber production.
Severe infestations girdle and kill the stem.
Severe infestations give the tree a white fluffy appearance.
Severe infestations inhibit growth and fruit production.
Severe infestations lead to both individual and colony mortality.
Severe infestations lead to curled, deformed leaves and flowers.
Severe infestations resemble drought stress since damage progresses from the bottom of the plant up.
Severe inflammation can cause a loss of vision due to inflammatory debris within the eye.
Severe inflammation kills the pulp.
Severe infractions can result in immediate suspension from the bus.
Severe injuries are commonplace.
Severe injuries can occur as a result of improper safety belt positioning.
Severe injuries can result in long-term physical and mental impairments.
Severe injuries can result, including breakage of the animal's horns.
Severe injuries involve more intense pain and greater swelling.
Severe injuries require prompt transport to a medical facility for further assessment and care.
Severe injuries seem to strike at the most inopportune moment.
Severe injuries tend to produce larger settlements than deaths.
Severe injury can prevent complete maturation of the fruit.
Severe injury can reduce the life of a tree.
Severe injury can result from the high-pressure water.
Severe injury can result in tissue being rubbed off, and even bone infection and bone death.
Severe injury causes a stem constriction.
Severe injury is evident within hours after application.
Severe injury is removed by lesser injury.
More severe injuries can occur including retinal detachments and even tearing the optic nerve.
More severe injuries damage and destroy more tissue, requiring greater replacement with scar tissue.
More severe injuries have more swelling and pain.
More severe injuries occur during individual sports and recreational activities.
More severe injuries occur in individual sports and recreational activities.
Most severe injury occurs in the first four weeks of the fruiting season.
Some severe injuries lead to death.
Some severe injuries result in death.
Some severe injuries result in deformities.
Some severe injuries result in growth deformities.
Some severe injuries result in removals.
Severe interferences can cause the received signal to be completely unintelligible.
Severe intoxication can be quite dangerous.
Severe intoxications can result in seizures, coma and death.
Severe intoxications produce hyperthermia, mental status changes, and pulmonary edema.
Severe introversion is characteristic of autism and some forms of schizophrenia .
Some severe intrusion requires replacements.
Severe irritation is possible if fluocinonide solution hits the eye.
Most severe irritation comes when eyes are rubbed after touching the sap.
More severe ischaemia produces a continuous pain at rest, particularly in bed.
Severe ischemia can lead to anoxia and infarction of the tissue.
Severe leaf spotting causes the leaves to die and drop off.
Severe loss can occur following beans, potatoes and alfalfa.
Severe losses can cause feelings of despair, loneliness, bitterness, helplessness and hopelessness.
Severe losses can occur the second and third year after seeding in stands of susceptible varieties.
Severe losses can result in heart arrhythmias, confusion, nerve damage, and paralysis.
Severe losses result when spikes are infected.
Severe malabsorption causes weight loss and anemia.
Severe malaria can be fatal if untreated.
Severe malaria can impact the respiratory system.
Severe malaria is associated with death.
Severe malaria is found significantly more frequently in heterozygotes.
Severe malnutrition can result from pancreatic involvement.
Severe malnutrition is a serious, life-threatening condition for children.
Severe malnutrition is associated with decreased levels of plasma transferrin receptor.
Severe malnutrition is eliminated, and moderate malnutrition halved.
Severe malnutrition is rampant among children.
Severe manifestations occur most often in infants and immunocompromised patients.
Some severe manifestations can result from infection but there is only one serotype.
Severe migraine can affect a person's ability to function or work.
Severe migraines are part of the picture, as are an elevated white cell count.
Severe migraines knock sufferers completely off their feet.
Severe misconduct is an independent cause for debarment or suspension.
Severe moisture can cause wood to swell and paint to crack and flake off.
Severe mortality occurs in areas.
Most severe mortality occurs in areas.
Severe nausea can cause vomiting.
Severe nausea is frequently the result.
Severe necrosis can lead to the removal of damaged tissue or amputation of a limb.
Severe neutropenia is the most serious event in ticlopidine-treated patients.
Severe nosebleed can be most frightening.
Severe obesity is a chronic condition that is difficult to treat.
Severe obesity is a chronic condition that is very difficult to treat.
Severe obesity is a long term condition that is very difficult to treat.
Severe obesity is life threatening.
Severe obesity is overrepresented in lower socioeconomic groups and among women.
Severe obesity is relatively uncommon.
Severe obstruction can cause serious changes in the bladder, ureters and kidneys.
Severe occlusion can lead to gangrenous changes of the toes as a result of tissue death.
Severe opposition is characterized by violent or dangerous behavior.
Severe outbreaks can affect the general health of the tree.
Severe outbreaks can increase fire hazard as well as stream flow.
Severe outbreaks can wipe out entire fields.
Severe outbreaks occur about every five years, affecting both livestock and people.
Some severe outbreaks occur in weather.
Severe overexposure can cause death due to respiratory center paralysis.
Severe pain can be present, especially in the morning on arising.
Severe pain can cause extreme reactions in some patients.
Severe pain causes a desire to dies.
Severe pain continues and organ and system dysfunction is inevitable.
Severe pain continues.
Severe pain develops in the abdomen or rectum.
Severe pain develops in the child's abdomen or rectum.
Severe pain has the same impact both physically and psychologically.
Severe pain is caused by adduction of the arm across the chest.
Severe pain is destructive.
Severe pain is recognized as a common symptom of most forms of cancer.
Severe pain is the single most common indication for rheumatic surgery.
Severe pain lasts longer than one hour after the injury occurred.
Severe pain makes it hard to sleep and impossible to work.
Severe pain occurs during swallowing.
Severe pain occurs only in minority, but their is no doubt that it can be incapacitating.
Severe pain radiating down the left arm is a classic sign of heart attack.
Severe pain requires more aggressive therapy.
Severe pain responds consistently to narcotic anagesics such as morphine.
Severe pain sucks severely.
More severe pain requires immediate medial attention, and obviously, no skiing.
More severe pain requires immediate medical attention.
Some severe pain affects quality.
Severe pancreatitis can be life threatening.
Severe penalties apply for offences again the Wildlife Protection Act.
Severe penalties apply for offences against the Wildlife Protection Act.
Severe penalties apply if imported.
Severe penalties apply to delinquent payments.
Severe penalties apply.
Severe penalties are appropriate.
Severe penalties are enforceable in both countries.
Severe penalties are possible.
Severe penalties exist for persons or companies breaching the Wildlife Protection Act.
Severe penalties exist to punish instances of theft.
Severe penalties occur if broken.
Severe penalty means one letter grade off for each calendar day the assignment is late.
More severe penalties are possible.
Severe penetration reduces the commercial value of the mussel and weakens the shell.
Severe phobias are worth double points.
Severe plague is epidemic in Edinburgh.
Severe poisoning can cause brain damage in fetuses and can also be fatal.
Severe poisoning can cause mental retardation or death.
Severe poisoning can end fatally.
Severe poisoning can occur through skin absorption.
Severe poisoning leads to a protracted death.
Severe poisoning leads to flaccid, areflexic coma, apnea, and hypotension.
Severe poisoning requires administration of oxygen under pressure in a hyperbaric chamber.
Severe poisonings are indicated by incontinence, unconsciousness and seizures.
Severe poisonings lead to seizures, coma and death.
Severe predation is usually a symptom of other problems, such as a lack of suitable nesting habitat.
Severe preeclampsia affects the mother's blood system, kidneys, brain, and other organs.
Severe preeclampsia can lead to seizures.
Severe preeclampsia is indicated by end-organ damage due to systemic vasoconstriction.
Severe preeclampsia is managed in an intensive care setting as if the patient was truly eclamptic.
Severe preeclampsia requires anticonvulsant and antihypertensive therapy followed by delivery.
Severe problems appear to limit the use of irradiation for the treatment of meats.
Severe problems are rare, but can happen.
Severe problems arise for the comparision of theory with observational data.
Severe problems can result.
Severe problems estimating distance and depth perception can cause driving to be extra exciting.
Severe problems lie ahead.
Severe problems resulting from air leakage can occur in metal and glass curtain walls.
Severe prolapse can result in the uterine cervix protruding from the vaginal opening.
Severe psychosis is eligible for guaranteed issue products.
Severe psychosis is the most common outcome of prisoner rape.
More severe ptosis requires reattachment and strengthening of the levator muscle.
Severe punishment can also arouse feelings of resentment, counter-aggression, and deep humiliation.
Severe punishment is the best deterrence to crime.
Severe punishment looms.
Severe punishments cause hostility and resentment.
More severe punishment includes suspension or dismissal from the program.
Severe ramifications pervade the search for a genetic cause for homosexuality.
Severe rash can be life-threatening.
Severe reaction occurs at time.
Severe reactions are a contraindication to further gold therapy.
Severe reactions are a possibility.
Severe reactions are extremely rare.
Severe reactions are preventable by early detection and treatment of low blood sugars.
Severe reactions are rare in children.
Severe reactions are rare.
Severe reactions are unlikely, but can occur.
Severe reactions are very rare in children.
Severe reactions are very rare, but can include serious allergic reactions.
Severe reactions are very rare, but can include severe allergic reactions or severe brain reactions.
Severe reactions can cause difficulty breathing, coma, and death.
Severe reactions can occur if diethylcarbamazine is given to a dog with adult heartworms.
Severe reactions can occur when administering protamine.
Severe reactions can then result.
Severe reactions occur infrequently.
Severe reactions require immediate treatment in that they are life-threatening .
Severe reactions require infusion discontinuation.
Severe reactions require medical treatment.
Severe reactions require prompt veterinary intervention, but are fortunately quite uncommon.
More severe reactions are extremely rare.
More severe reactions are rare even after revaccination.
More severe reactions are rare, but they can happen.
More severe reactions are uncommon.
More severe reactions can include heart failure, enteritis, and ascending posterior paralysis.
Most severe reaction occurs at time.
Some severe reaction includes hives.
Some severe reaction includes nausea.
Some severe reaction requires care.
Some severe reaction requires emergency care.
Some severe reaction requires medical care.
Some severe reaction requires medical emergency care.
Severe recession hits the United States economy because of the depression.
Severe recession strikes the record business.
Severe recoil makes nailing more tiring and dangerous.
More severe reductions require substitution of materials.
Severe rejection is characterized by multicellular or confluent areas of necrosis.
More severe relapses respond well to retreatment with metronidazole or vancomycin.
Severe repercussions await the inconsistent players.
Severe reports are in bold type.
Severe repression is planned.
Severe respiratory infection causes symptoms.
Severe restriction can be pretty hard.
Severe restrictions remain in place in some areas.
Severe retardation is the most important of the clinical problems.
Severe retinopathies are uncommon.
Severe retinopathy can be present without symptoms and be improved with treatment.
Severe rust destroys much of the foliage and reduces yields of the next year's crop.
Severe rust tends to shrivel grain rather than reduce grain number.
Severe sandstorms are major disasters in arid and semi-arid areas.
Some severe scars require surgery.
Severe scoliosis can even complicate breathing and circulation.
Severe scoliosis can result in death.
Severe scorch can result in complete defoliation because leaves dry up and fall prematurely.
Severe season brings the threat of tornadoes.
Severe sensitivity can lead to disability or death.
Severe shigellosis can produce toxic dilatation and perforation of the colon.
Severe shortness is associated with lower income.
Severe shrinkage occurs in the thick part and warpage results.
Severe signs suggest a severe attack.
Severe snow storms hit environments.
Severe snowstorms have cold temperature.
Severe snowstorms have cold wind.
Severe snowstorms have strong cold wind.
Severe snowstorms have strong wind.
Severe snowstorms have temperature.
Severe snowstorms have wind.
Most severe snowstorms have cold temperature.
Most severe snowstorms have cold wind.
Most severe snowstorms have strong cold wind.
Most severe snowstorms have strong wind.
Most severe snowstorms have temperature.
Most severe snowstorms have wind.
Severe spasm can lead to a stroke .
Severe spasm can result in cerebral hemorrhage.
Severe spasms causes pain that requires attention to be drawn away from everything else.
Severe spasticity requires more aggressive intervention.
Severe stenosis requires referral to a neurosurgeon.
Severe stings can occur even when the animal is beached or dead.
Severe stings can result in nausea, vomiting, delirium, sweating, pale skin and shock.
Severe stings result in blackening and necrosis of the affected skin.
Severe storm lashes western Korean coast.
Severe storm spotting is an inherently dangerous activity.
Severe storms accelerate erosion.
Severe storms affect many coastal regions during the winter and, to a lesser extent, in summer.
Severe storms are a real risk anywhere in Nebraska.
Severe storms are most likely in the late afternoon but they can happen at any time, day or night.
Severe storms are possible as are wide swings in temperatures.
Severe storms are possible.
Severe storms are the most frequently occurring hazard in Australia, particularly Queensland.
Severe storms bring wind.
Severe storms build rapidly over Oklahoma.
Severe storms can happen quickly and sometimes without warning.
Severe storms can have a far more devastating and lasting effect on the mudflats.
Severe storms can have impact.
Severe storms can have tremendous impact.
Severe storms can occur anywhere in Australia and cause more damage than any other natural hazard.
Severe storms can play havoc with beaches, usually on a temporary basis.
Severe storms can produce a variety of threatening weather.
Severe storms can remove even wider beaches, along with substantial dunes, in a single event.
Severe storms can strike unexpectedly, even with today's advance technology used by meteorologists.
Severe storms cause continuous alarm.
Severe storms cause problems.
Severe storms hit environments.
Severe storms occur frequently on the sea, particularly during the winter season.
Severe storms occur in environments.
Severe storms occur in shear environments.
Severe storms tend to be nonrecurrent and are difficult to predict.
Many severe storms contain tornadoes and they all have lightning, which are life-threatening.
Most severe storms accelerate erosion.
Most severe storms bring wind.
Most severe storms can have impact.
Most severe storms can have tremendous impact.
Most severe storms cause problems.
Most severe storms hit environments.
Most severe storms occur in environments.
Most severe storms occur in shear environments.
Some severe storms cause damage.
Some severe storms cause snowfall.
Severe strain requires surgical repair.
Any severe strain can provide the necessary structural antecedent for movement emergency.
More severe straps contain metal prongs that pierce the skin when the neck is flexed.
Severe stress can cause temporary hair loss.
Severe stress can continue to limit kernel dry weight accumulation.
Severe stress can contribute also.
Severe stress can contribute to a second shedding.
Severe stress can disrupt functioning.
Severe stress can easily abort kernels at pre-blister and blister stages.
Severe stress can greatly reduce potential kernel number per row.
Severe stress can lead to dizzy spells and anxiety attacks, too.
Severe stress can produce such a significant break that the animal goes into an unnatural shed.
Severe stroke can cause coma or death.
Severe strokes lead to severe disability or death.
More severe strokes can ultimately lead to death.
Severe sufferers can even set off metal detectors, and their skin bronzes.
Severe sunburn can result from the sun's reflection off of the water.
Severe sunburn causes blisters, chills, and fever.
Severe sunburns are insults to the skin that can cause permanent damage to the skin's deeper layers.
Severe sunburns are second-degree burns.
Severe symptoms are more likely with flu.
Severe symptoms can be apparent even when mite populations are low.
Severe symptoms can include unconsciousness and convulsions.
Severe symptoms can quickly turn into fatal pulmonary or cerebral edemas.
Severe symptoms can result from DsMV infection in some plants.
Severe symptoms include pain.
Severe symptoms occur on apricot, plum, and peach trees.
Severe symptoms require immediate descent to a lower altitude and drug treatment.
Severe symptoms require medical treatment as soon as possible.
Severe symptoms result in loss of balance, coughing pink sputum and disorientation.
Severe symptoms trigger the computer to halt the survey and direct the patient to see a doctor.
More severe symptoms appear as the disease progresses.
More severe symptoms indicate a more advanced disease.
More severe symptoms indicate more advanced disease.
More severe symptoms mark the period as an episode of major depression.
Some severe symptoms associate with infection.
Severe thunderstorm winds down trees and branches onto homes, buildings, vehicles, and power lines.
Severe thunderstorms appear likely tonight over south central Nebraska and north central Kansas.
Severe thunderstorms are a good bet farther to the south in the warm air.
Severe thunderstorms are capable of producing serious threats to life and property.
Severe thunderstorms are common and cause frequent flooding.
Severe thunderstorms are common in all parts of Texas.
Severe thunderstorms are created when the air is unstable enough.
Severe thunderstorms are especially dangerous because they can produce tornadoes.
Severe thunderstorms are fairly common during the monsoon in Arizona.
Severe thunderstorms are hazardous to both the environment and man.
Severe thunderstorms are possible from southern Arizona to western Alabama today.
Severe thunderstorms are possible with damaging winds being the main threat.
Severe thunderstorms are possible.
Severe thunderstorms are quite unusual in Hawaii.
Severe thunderstorms are very difficult to accurately forecast.
Severe thunderstorms associated with windshear and a hurricane is believed to have caused the crash.
Severe thunderstorms bring damage wind.
Severe thunderstorms bring gust wind.
Severe thunderstorms bring strong damage wind.
Severe thunderstorms bring strong wind.
Severe thunderstorms bring wind.
Severe thunderstorms can also produce tornadoes with little or no warning.
Severe thunderstorms can also produce tornadoes.
Severe thunderstorms can also produce very damaging winds.
Severe thunderstorms can also spawn tornadoes.
Severe thunderstorms can and occasionally do produce tornadoes.
Severe thunderstorms can bring heavy rain in the spring and summer.
Severe thunderstorms can occur almost every month.
Severe thunderstorms can occur from any type of storm cell.
Severe thunderstorms can produce damaging winds , large hail , and sometimes tornadoes .
Severe thunderstorms can produce damaging winds and destructive hail.
Severe thunderstorms can produce damaging winds, deadly lightning, and tornadoes.
Severe thunderstorms can produce hail as large as grapefruits.
Severe thunderstorms can produce large hail, forceful winds, flash floods, and tornadoes.
Severe thunderstorms can produce tornadoes with little or no advance warning.
Severe thunderstorms can produce tornadoes with little or no warning.
Severe thunderstorms can produce tornadoes with no advance warning.
Severe thunderstorms can result in the loss of life and property.
Severe thunderstorms can spawn tornadoes with little or no warning.
Severe thunderstorms cause high winds of more than , hail , flash floods , and tornadoes .
Severe thunderstorms cause high winds of more than , hail, flash floods, and tornadoes.
Severe thunderstorms contain frequent cloud to ground lightning.
Severe thunderstorms dissipate only when no more warm moist air is encountered.
Severe thunderstorms do occasionally cross over the city during the summer.
Severe thunderstorms have wind.
Severe thunderstorms impact areas.
Severe thunderstorms injure several in North Dakota.
Severe thunderstorms moving along the valley are capable of producing tornadoes as well.
Severe thunderstorms occur a few times a month in the summer, on average.
Severe thunderstorms occur much more frequently than tornadoes, but are far less violent.
Severe thunderstorms produce high winds and occasionally hail and tornadoes.
Severe thunderstorms start in the morning and continue all day.
Most severe thunderstorms bring damage wind.
Most severe thunderstorms bring gust wind.
Most severe thunderstorms bring strong damage wind.
Most severe thunderstorms bring strong wind.
Most severe thunderstorms bring wind.
Most severe thunderstorms have wind.
Some severe thunderstorms bring damage hails.
Some severe thunderstorms bring hails.
Some severe thunderstorms develop a strong vertical updraft, commonly known as a mesocyclone .
Some severe thunderstorms produce tornado.
Severe tinnitus challenges the emotional stability of even the most resilient individual.
Severe tire wear.
Severe toxicity can lead to seizures, coma, myocardial infarction and even death.
Severe toxicity can result in a large central scotoma.
Severe trauma can have a major impact on the course of life.
Severe trauma can result in fracture, dislocation etc.
Severe trauma creates a Psycho-respiratory disturbance.
Severe traumas can cause a fragmentation of the soul.
Severe truth is expressed with some bitterness.
Severe ulcers can then occur.
Some severe ulcer is caused by fungal infection.
Some severe ulcer is caused by infection.
Severe upper respiratory infection causes inflammation.
Severe vertigo can cause nausea and vomiting.
Severe vibration can have similar effects.
Severe vitamin a deficiencies result in impairment.
Severe vitamin a deficiencies result in visual impairment.
Severe vomiting is rare.
Severe watery diarrhea leads to dehydration.
Severe weakness follows with eventual respiratory paralysis and possible death.
Severe weather conditions can have adverse effects.
Severe weather conditions can have effects.
Severe weather affects school safety in many ways.
Severe weather affects South Carolina year-round.
Severe weather can add to the dangers outside.
Severe weather can cause accidents, or drivers can become dangerously stranded.
Severe weather can cause flooding, capsizing, and eventually sinking.
Severe weather can happen at any time, and our state's future is vested in our children.
Severe weather can happen quickly during the summer time.
Severe weather can happen quickly.
Severe weather can interrupt ground or air transportation and delay inventory delivery.
Severe weather can make eagle watching easier.
Severe weather can make some regions more susceptible to outages.
Severe weather can move into an area very fast.
Severe weather can occur anywhere, anytime.
Severe weather can strike quickly and sometimes with little or no warning.
Severe weather can strike suddenly and without warning.
Severe weather does strike.
Severe weather includes events such as ice storms and major accumulations of snow.
Severe weather is a constant threat to the Hub City and the South Plains.
Severe weather is a different case.
Severe weather is a major cause.
Severe weather is a threat to the citrus industry.
Severe weather is a year-round threat.
Severe weather is also a major cause of cancellations.
Severe weather is also possible from New Jersey to Virginia.
Severe weather is always scary.
Severe weather is common in and around Fort Collins, and changes can occur rapidly.
Severe weather is complicated and confusing.
Severe weather is defined as any element of the weather that threaten peoples' property or safety.
Severe weather is defined as rain accompanied by high winds, thunder and lightening.
Severe weather is extremely dangerous - claiming lives and wreaking havoc.
Severe weather is forecasted or possible within our coverage area.
Severe weather is most likely to occur in the late afternoon or early evening.
Severe weather is one of the most common hazards in the Northern Illinois area.
Severe weather is one possible cause of the crash.
Severe weather is possible in or near the designated watch area.
Severe weather is possible in the area.
Severe weather is possible within the designated watch area.
Severe weather is possible.
Severe weather is rare and infrequent.
Severe weather is sudden, violent, hazardous weather that comes from powerful thunderstorms.
Severe weather is very rare in the islands.
Severe weather is.
Severe weather makes for big box office, too.
Severe weather occurs in a variety of ways in east central Florida.
More severe weather occurs in the spring and summer than any other time of the year.
Some severe weather brings rain.
Severe winds can breach a containment structure and force a halt to work.
Severe winds cause low visibility out at the baypen.
Some severe wind causes damage.
Some severe wind causes significant damage.
Severe windstorms can take seeds to new locations.
Severe windstorms known as blowdowns can destroy acres of plants in minutes.
Severe winter conditions affect areas.
Severe winter storms can have impact.
Severe winter storms can have tremendous impact.
Severe winter kills thousands of cattle.
Severe winters can cause mass mortality.
Severe winters do occur in Scandinavia.
Severe winters increase winter mortality.
Severe withdrawal can even cause a person to collapse.
Severe withdrawal involving hallucinations and convulsions can occur.
Severed minerals are real property and usually are conveyed by mineral deed.
Severed roots can be the result of lowering the grade, new construction or trenching.
Severity of illness can range from diarrhea to death.
Severity of illness matters more than old age in survival rates.
Severity of illness ranges from mild to that of one death due to fulminant hepatitis.
Severities are critical , grave , normal , important , and wishlist .
Severities are critical , grave , normal and wishlist .
Severities are critical , grave , serious , important , normal , minor , and wishlist .
Severities are critical, grave, normal, important, and wishlist.
Severities are critical, grave, serious, important, normal, minor, and wishlist.
Severity affects regeneration.
Severity also varies between individuals with the same level of coagulation factor.
Severity also varies from group to group.
Severity appears to be increasing almost daily.
Severity begets inequity.
Severity can be mild, moderate, or severe.
Severity can range from mild inattentiveness to severe and disruptive hyperactivity.
Severity can vary from a minor tear of a few fibres to completely tearing the ligament.
Severity can vary from mild symptoms to a serious pain that makes walking hard.
Severity can vary.
Severity correlates with degree of hypoalbuminemia.
Severity covers a wide range from slight abnormality to very severe dislocation.
Severity depends on depth.
Severity depends on dose of organisms and host factors.
Severity depends on how much injury occurred to the brain.
Severity depends on LOTS of things.
Severity depends on success in treating underlying thyroid condition.
Severity depends on sunlight.
Severity depends on the amount of toxin consumed.
Severity depends on the mutations found in each patient and the degree of enzyme deficiency.
Severity depends on wind, terrain, and time before parachute release.
Severity follows the above strict definition.
Severity has effects.
Severity has significant effects.
Severity increases with age and it is more common in males.
Severity increases with age, into very old age.
Severity increases with age.
Severity increases with time and depth.
Severity increases with time.
Severity is a measure of the area burnt and the depth of the burn.
Severity is a point on an arbitrary scale of intensity of the adverse event in question.
Severity is a relative indicator.
Severity is a relative term and encompasses many areas of speech and communication.
Severity is affected by inflation and construction issues.
Severity is categorized as critical, urgent, and normal.
Severity is classified into broad categories from mild to severe.
Severity is dependent on the intensity and duration of the exposure.
Severity is determined by the mouthpiece selected.
Severity is intensity
Severity is judged subjectively, of course, and by the child only.
Severity is measured according to the extent of ligament damage and joint instability.
Severity is random.
Severity is rated as low, moderate, serious physical harm or death.
Severity is recorded in steel- in sheet metal damage for the most part.
Severity is sometimes necessary, mercy is sometimes necessary, and mildness is sometimes necessary.
Severity is sometimes needful.
Severity is the degree of hazard and the risk associated with the hazard.
Severity is the impact the bug has on system operation.
Severity is the issue.
Severity is the plaintiff's second new element of proof.
Severity is the quality for which it has been difficult to develop an effective measure.
Severity is unpredictable.
Severity is variable.
Severity isa degree.
Severity isa level.
Severity means how dangerous is the problem to the residents' health.
Severity ranges from acute, which is severe but short lived, to chronic, long-lasting pain.
Severity ranges from asymptomatic cases acute liver damage.
Severity ranges from mild irritation to a painful scaly crust that oozes bacteria-charged fluid.
Severity ranges from mild to debilitating.
Severity ranges from mild to moderate.
Severity ranges from prenatal mortality to mild involvement allowing school attendance.
Severity ranges on the level of factor X clotting activity.
Severity refers to a how damaging a situation is likely to be.
Severity varies by age of onset and success of drug therapy.
Severity varies by age, rhythm stability and the number of time zones crossed.
Severity varies depending on which specific mutation has occurred.
Severity varies from case to case and clinical signs are exacerbated by stress.
Severity varies from mild dandruff to exfoliative erythroderma.
Severity varies from women to women, but seems to increase with age.
Severity varies greatly, even between affected members of one family.
Severity varies with the amount and kind of venom injected and the susceptibility of the victim.
Most severity affects regeneration.
Most severity depends on depth.
Most severity depends on sunlight.
Most severity has effects.
Most severity has significant effects.
Some severity depends on factors.
Some severity depends on multiple factors.
Some severity depends on several factors.
Some severity depends on size.
Some severity depends on snow.
Severy stress relating to a court case possibly is leading factor.
Every Sevgate character has an alternative, sillier Sevname .
A sewage disposal is a disposition
Sewage disposal is by individual septic tanks.
Sewage disposal is by on site septic and leach field.
Sewage disposal is through on site septic systems.
Sewage disposal works.
Sewage disposals are disposals.
A sewage farm is a farm
Sewage farms are a rarity in the U.S. b.
Sewage gas threads the haze of the leaded exhaust fumes, the sky darkens.
Sewage management is inadequate and water supplies polluted in many places.
Sewage overflows are messy, costly, and a threat to health and the environment.
Sewage plants are operational, but are impacted by the lack of water.
Some sewage plants collect methane to fuel generators, digesters and air compressors.
Sewage sludge contains heavy metals, particularly cadmium.
Sewage sludge has nice nutrients.
Sewage sludge has valuable agronomic properties in agriculture.
Sewage sludge is a recycled product of municipal sewage treatment plants.
Sewage sludge is an end product of the wastewater treatment process.
Sewage sludge is an organic slow release fertilizer.
Sewage sludge is good for composting because it provides water, organic matter, and microorganisms.
Sewage sludge is in fact an amalgamation of all the wastes of our society.
Sewage sludge is pretty much what it sounds like.
Sewage sludge is produced in the huge quantities day after day, year after year.
Sewage sludge is rich in nutrients and organic matter.
Sewage sludge is solid, semi-solid, or liquid waste from a municipal wastewater treatment plant.
Sewage sludge is the biological residual produced during the treatment of sewage wastewater.
Sewage sludge is the residue left after treatment at a sewage works.
Sewage sludge means sludge from a facility treating wastewater from a sanitary sewer system.
Sewage sludge provides a major pathway by which drugs enter the environment.
All sewage sludges contain the heavy metals copper, zinc, nickel, and lead.
A sewage system is a facility
Sewage systems are also poor and easily stopped up during the winter.
Sewage systems are essentially nonexistent.
Sewage systems are facilities.
Sewage systems are part of infrastructures.
Sewage systems are very expensive, use lots of water, and sometimes mixed with industrial chemicals.
Sewage systems carry waste from homes, offices and industry into water.
Sewage systems collect and treat wastewater from towns and cities.
Sewage systems have a long history.
Sewage treatment includes primary, secondary, tertiary, and septic.
Sewage treatment is a recent event in the history of Louisville and Jefferson County.
Sewage treatment is divided into a series of stages.
Sewage treatment is indeed costly.
Sewage treatment is mostly chemistry.
Sewage treatment is often a tardy and incomplete process.
Sewage treatment occurs through a solids contact up-flow clarifier.
Sewage affects rivers and lakes, and polluted water affects the health and enjoyment of people .
Sewage also brings in bacteria and pathogens, making the water unsafe to drink or swim.
Sewage also carries microbial pathogens that are the cause of the spread of disease.
Sewage also contains pathogens capable of spreading disease.
Sewage biosolids cumulative effects on extractable-soil and grain elemental concentrations.
Sewage breaks down into ammonium.
Sewage brings another topic.
Sewage bubbles up from a manhole.
Sewage can act as a fertilizer leading to eutrophication and prolific algal growth and red tides.
Sewage can have a similar enriching effect.
Sewage can increase the turbidity and amount of suspended sediments.
Sewage can pond on the ground near the drainfield or back up into buildings.
Sewage can release water that is either warmer or cooler than the receiving water body.
Sewage carries bacteria that makes people sick.
Sewage carries excessive nutrients such as nitrogen and phosphorus to stream water.
Sewage contains a mixture of substances.
Sewage contains germs that can cause diseases.
Sewage contains harmful bacteria, so keep pets and children away from the failure.
Sewage contains harmful bacteria.
Sewage contains lots of organic substances which are a source of food for bacteria and fungi.
Sewage contains many substances that are harmful to people and animals and the environment.
Sewage contains many viruses, bacteria, and other parasites that cause disease.
Sewage contains matter.
Sewage contains nitrate.
Sewage contains nitrates and phosphates - fertilizer for plants like algae.
Sewage contains organic matter.
Sewage contaminates water.
Sewage enters the plant via two thirty inch sanitary sewers.
Sewage finds the path of least resistance.
Sewage first goes to a settling tank where much of the solid matter settles out of the wastewater.
Sewage flows across.
Sewage flows through the house sewer to the tank.
Sewage flows to the septic tank through the house sewer.
Sewage fouls our rivers, streams, and beaches.
Sewage goes directly into the tank.
Sewage goes through a three-step drainage process and pumped onto the forest floor.
Sewage includes liquid waste.
Sewage includes waste.
Sewage includes wastes of domestic origin, from toilets, showers, kitchen sinks and laundry.
Sewage is a delicacy for bacteria.
Sewage is a major health hazard to humans because it spreads disease.
Sewage is a serious threat to water sources.
Sewage is a wonderful, untapped resource.
Sewage is billed separately for customers who use that service.
Sewage is both smelly and unsanitary.
Sewage is carried by pipes and culverts.
Sewage is collected by a piped system and receives primary treatment.
Sewage is collected by pipe and treated in an aerated lagoon facility.
Sewage is collected by pipe, deposited and treated in a sewage lagoon.
Sewage is collected in buckets and emptied each day into lagoons, barrels or cesspools.
Sewage is collected via pipes to a secondary treatment lagoon.
Sewage is considered an important environmental threat throughout the region.
Sewage is deposited in a secondary treatment lagoon.
Sewage is discharged into the sea by many communities around the world.
Sewage is discharged untreated.
Sewage is either by septic tanks on individual lots or, in some cases, by a community leach field.
Sewage is handled primarily by septic tanks.
Sewage is important route of dissemination of eggs.
Sewage is left untreated throughout the world, even in industrialized countries.
Sewage is located in oceans.
Sewage is metered as it flows out of Hancock and as it flows into the plant.
Sewage is mostly water but it also has many microbes some of which can be harmful .
Sewage is mostly water but it also has many microbes some of which can be harmful.
Sewage is one of the most challenging waste issues.
Sewage is piped and receives secondary treatment.
Sewage is piped from most homes.
Sewage is piped to a central septic system.
Sewage is processed in three major steps, called primary, secondary, and tertiary treatments.
Sewage is processed through screens, digestors and aeration basins.
Sewage is released.
Sewage is spread on the fields directly from the truck by means of a spreader bar.
Sewage is stored in the holding tank until it can be pumped out to a reception facility on shore.
Sewage is suspensions.
Sewage is the main source of ammonia added by humans to rivers.
Sewage is the main source of human-influenced nitrate addition to streams.
Sewage is the problem.
Sewage is the waste water and excrement conveyed in sewers.
Sewage is the waste water from residential and commercial buildings.
Sewage is treated at Detroit's sewage treatment plant near River Rouge.
Sewage is treated before discharge in a lagoon.
Sewage is treated before discharge.
Sewage is treated through an innovative system on the island.
Sewage is treated, and fresh water is gained by desalination of sea water.
Sewage is treated.
Sewage Is waste water released by homes, industries, hospitals, offices and other users.
Sewage is waste
Sewage is waste.
Sewage isa waste.
Sewage leaking from cesspools from residential homes is also a concern.
Sewage overflows into the streams and backs up into basements.
Sewage pump out and porta potti dump are free.
Sewage reaches the lake without having been purified by the soil.
Sewage receives secondary treatment at the Shoemaker Bay plant.
Sewage runs through it.
Sewage spills down the roads.
Sewage stays in a 'first' tank until solids fall to the bottom.
Sewage travels through three different sets of pipes.
Sewage works journal.
All sewage is pumped into the holding tank.
Most sewage contain organic materials and waste which are oxygen demanding.
Most sewage contains matter.
Most sewage contains nitrate.
Most sewage contains organic matter.
Most sewage includes liquid waste.
Most sewage includes waste.
Some sewage comes from rain.
Some sewage contains materials.
Some sewage contains organic materials.
Some sewage encourages growth.
Some sewage stimulates secondary production.
A sewer gas is a gas
Sewer gas can enter a home through a floor drain or through a blocked gas vent.
Sewer gas eats cement.
Sewer gas is also noticeable in the girls' restrooms as well.
Sewer gas is another example.
Sewer gas is heavier than air and contains very little oxygen.
Sewer gases are gases.
Sewer gases are methane gas, and therefore, are very deadly and explosive .
Sewer gases are mostly methane, which is toxic and potentially explosive under the wrong conditions.
Sewer gases can cause health problems for building occupants.
Sewer overflows are a chronic and growing problem.
Sewer pipes contain water.
Sewer service is available in the incorporated and in some unincorporated areas of the county.
Sewer service is available in the incorporated areas of the town.
Sewer service is billed according to the actual water used during the first quarter of each year.
Sewer service is provided by the City of Dodge City.
Sewer service is provided to all existing property within the city.
Sewer service is provided.
A sewer system is a facility
Many sewer systems rely on gravity to get waste to the treatment plant.
A sewer is a pipe
Sewer is also a possibility.
Sewer is available at all sites.
Sewer is available from a sewer main on the south property line.
Sewer is available from sewer manholes at the southeast corner of the parcel.
Sewer is available, electric is at lot line.
Sewer is big maze, no tricks.
Sewer is billed based on the water consumption following the same pattern as described above.
Sewer is installed in interior and sound lots.
Sewer is just so much better in the long run.
Sewer is on site, and water is across the street from the property.
Sewer is scarce in both towns.
Sewer isa drainpipe.
Sewer means a pipe or conduit for carrying sewage.
Sewer overflow can lead to potential river contamination.
Sewer overflow can occur in any community with inadequate systems when it rains.
Sewer permits planning options that the town lacked.
Sewer remains the biggest unknown.
Sewer runs across the properties.
Sewers also provide habitat, and access to street level feeding areas, particularly in cities.
Sewers are an important part of a big system which controls the water supply in our city.
Sewers are artifacts.
Sewers are available.
Sewers are currently exempt from rates.
Sewers are drains.
Sewers are great sources of food and water for rats.
Sewers are located in streets.
Sewers are part of sewage systems.
Sewers are pipes.
Sewers are the greatest catfish hotspots of all.
Sewers can back up, too, and require roto-rooter services.
Sewers can create an interesting treatment problem.
Sewers can purchase wool and wool blends by the yard.
Sewers can watch designs sew out on the computer screen, one color at a time.
Sewers collect the liquid waste and discharge it into lakes, streams or the ocean.
Sewers do sometimes come in handy.
Sewers get to choose what they want to teach and to whom.
Sewers have (part) readsides.
Sewers have (part) sections.
Sewers have a way of hiding tracks after the beasts crawl out.
Sewers present another challenge.
All sewers have some odors.
Every sewer needs a dress form.
Many sewers serge the raw edges to prevent thread tangling, but that takes time.
Some sewers abound in reflective surfaces.
Some sewers are unsure whether to choose a baby pattern or a toddler pattern.
Some sewers prefer to use a rotary cutter rather than scissors.
A sewerage is a pipe
Sewerage is the drainage system for the waste matter.
Sewerage is the system to carry away sewage.
Some sewing experience is necessary.
Most sewing functions are specialised and require the operator to receive specific training.
Most sewing functions are specialized and require the operator to receive specific training.
A sewing machine is a household appliance
Most sewing machines come with a zipper foot.
Most sewing machines come with manuals.
Most sewing machines have many different sewing machine feet.
Most sewing stores carry it, and it can be easily cut to size with a handsaw.
Most sewing today is done with artificial sinew.
Sewn bindings allow the books to open easily and lie flat.
Sewn eyelets match the crown.
Sewn work is the more commonly used in southern Africa.
Most sex abusers are homosexual.
Most sex abusers are stepfathers of live-ins.
Most sex abusers suffer from some form of serious mental illness or psychosis.
Sex addicts avoid a. success.
Sex addicts can be ahead of a moment in time or behind the moment.
Sex addicts can experience withdrawal, which can cause painful emotional and even physical distress.
Sex addicts can feel very lonely and isolated.
Sex addicts experience intense shifts in mood, often due to the despair and shame of unwanted sex.
Sex addicts feel the same way.
Sex addicts have an increased risk of STDs.
Sex addicts have lower natural levels of monoamine oxidase.
Sex addicts spend an unfortunate amount of time in their heads, avoiding life.
Sex addicts tend to come from pretty damaged backgrounds, and they have to deal with that pain.
Sex addicts use sex to feel good and they feel bad if they aren t getting sex.
Sex addicts use sex to self-medicate, to numb distressful emotions.
All sex addicts feel detached, isolated and alone.
Many sex addicts are also addicted to alcohol and other drugs.
Many sex addicts become sexually anorexic with their spouses.
Many sex addicts report planning their days, evenings, or weekends around sex.
Many sex addicts start their addiction with a poor self-concept.
Many sex addicts suffer from broken relationships.
Sex addiction has nothing to do with love really.
Sex addiction is a progressive intimacy disorder which involves uncontrollable sexual activity.
Sex addiction is a recently understood phenomena.
Sex addiction is also sin .
Sex addiction is nothing to do with frequency.
Sex addiction resembles other addictions.
Sex allocation is even.
Sex appeal is another valid concern, but beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Sex appeal is attractiveness
Sex appeal is attractiveness.
Sex appeal is legal and it sells.
Sex appeal is the secret here.
Sex appeal is used to sell everything from automobiles to after-shave lotion and soft drinks.
Sex appeal relies on the performer.
Sex Art Live blonde tits Amateur pictures and erotic stories.
Sex attraction is a subject of universal interest.
Sex books are one of the most profitable fields of selling books by mail.
A sex cell is a cell
Sex cells are called gametes.
Sex cells are celled gametes.
Sex cells are discharged directly to the exterior.
Sex cells are involved in the production of offspring.
Sex cells are made through a different form of cell division called meiosis.
Sex cells are produced in structures known as 'receptacles' located at the tips of the fronds.
Sex cells are reproduced by the process of meiosis.
Sex cells are specialized cells that are used for reproduction.
Sex cells have a half set of chromosomes.
Sex cells have half the number of chromosomes as normal body cells.
Sex cells originate in the endoderm of gonads.
Sex cells use meiosos and mitosis.
Sex change begins the next spring.
Sex change can occur in many species, although it is often clustered in specific families of fishes.
Sex change comes into that category.
Sex change is an occurrence
A sex characteristic is a feature
Sex characteristics are difficult to determine since killdeer are essentially monomorphic.
A sex chromosome is a chromosome
Sex chromosomes are chromosomes.
Sex chromosomes are eukaryotic chromosomes.
Sex chromosomes are really weird because of the way they evolved.
Sex chromosomes are the chromosomes that are used to identify gender.
Sex chromosomes contain genes specifying sex and other genes for characteristics unrelated to sex.
Sex chromosomes contain genes that code for male or female anatomy.
Sex chromosomes define gender.
Sex chromosomes determine gender.
Sex chromosomes determine the offspring's sex, and autosomal is simply all of the other chromosomes.
Sex chromosomes determine whether an individual is male or female.
Sex chromosomes differ in number and kind between males and females.
Sex chromosomes present in each sex.
Sex club is found across from a police station in a small New England town.
Sex clubs are like bargain basement clothing retailers.
Sex crime comes of age.
Sex crime is crime
Sex crimes flourish in secrecy.
Sex crimes present many difficulties.
Sex crimes rank number one on the list, primarily because there s so many out there.
Every sex crime is a crime of violence, anger and power.
Sex criminals seem to be lurking on every corner and no vulnerable situation escapes their glance.
Most sex criminals have desires they feel ashamed of.
Sex determination depends upon genes that act downstream of the primary signal.
Sex determination happens in many different ways.
Sex determination has a variety of genetic organizations.
Sex determination is associated with the X chromosome.
Sex determination is different for each species.
Sex determination is more relaxed in fish than in humans or other animals.
Sex determination is regulated by the X-chromosome counting mechanism.
Sex determination occurs as in Drosophila.
Sex determination requires a blastomere biopsy.
Sex determination using the amelogenin locus the resurrection.
Sex differences are more pronounced in tests of spatial skills than for any other intelligence.
Sex differences are readily apparent.
Sex differences begin to emerge.
Sex differences do however, appear in moratorium status.
Sex differences exist in pacemaker therapy, too.
Sex differences extend down to the cellular level.
Sex differences range greatly and include physiologically differentiating.
Sex differentiation is a continuum of successive, overlapping embryologic events.
Sex differentiation is temperature dependent in both species and easily manipulated in-vitro.
Sex discrimination comes in many forms, and woman aren t always the victims.
Sex discrimination contributes significantly to the economic plight of older women.
Sex discrimination has nothing to do it.
Sex discrimination includes a broad range of behaviors, including sexual harassment.
Sex discrimination includes sexual harassment.
Sex discrimination is a behavior.
Sex discrimination is about power.
Sex discrimination is against the law.
Sex discrimination is another factor that enters into determining the death sentence.
Sex discrimination is discrimination based on gender.
Sex discrimination is still far too common.
SEX discrimination is unlawful.
Sex discrimination occurs when an employee is treated adversely because of their sex.
Sex discrimination protects men and women alike.
Sex dreams are fun.
A sex drive is a drive
Sex drive involves an integration of emotional, physical, social and biochemical factors.
Sex drive is influenced by reproductive hormones, particularly testosterone.
Sex drive is strong.
Sex drive is very complex and influenced by many factors.
Sex drive is, of course, relative.
Sex drives are drives.
Sex education be compulsory.
Sex education begins at birth.
Sex education causes teen pregnancy, according to their counterparts on the right.
Sex education covers abstinence, contraception, responsibility and the right to say no.
Sex education encourages teens to experiment with sex.
Sex education encourages the use of birth-control devices.
Sex education involves everything but the education of abstinence.
Sex education is a home responsibility.
Sex education is a lifelong process.
Sex education is accepted as a progressive discipline and all stories are grounded.
Sex education is almost nonexistent.
Sex education is also a crosscutting issue.
Sex education is also for their own protection - against abuse.
Sex education is an essential ingredient of any school curriculum.
Sex education is an important piece to any effort that promotes male responsibility.
Sex education is an integral part of health education.
Sex education is begun in school.
Sex education is deficient.
Sex education is included in school curricula.
Sex education is less and less comprehensive and more abstinence-based.
Sex education is most effective when it is begun before students have initiated sexual activity.
Sex education is mostly health and hygiene.
Sex education is necessary.
Sex education is no more a taboo.
Sex education is such a sticky subject to talk to students about.
Sex education is taught by the school nurses.
Sex education is taught the government way.
Sex education is the private responsibility of parents.
Sex education is very different from pornography and is quite distinguishabel at all times.
Sex education is very important.
Sex education is, as a rule, the private responsibility of the parents.
Sex education leads to experimentation.
Sex education leads to promiscuity.
Some sex education is taught as part of biology-related curricula.
Sex educators are also welcome to share experiences or discuss problems.
Sex educators reject the classic notion of a latency period until approximately age twelve.
Sex educators seem to think so.
Most sex educators see contra-ception as the solution to sexual health problems.
Sex equality becomes a contradiction in terms, something of an oxymoron.
Sex Equity measures the degree to which school staff and programs address issues of gender equity.
Sex flush refers to the red color that often appears on the body during and after sex.
Sex friends beware.
Sex games have effects.
Sex games involve forces.
Sex harassment can occur between people of the same or different gender.
Sex harassment is a means for men to claim work as masculine turf.
Sex harassment is also sex discrimination.
Sex headaches are a combination of the blood pressure and muscle tension, for most people.
Sex headaches can occur around either masturbation or any kind of sex.
Sex hormone estrogens cause breast growth.
Sex hormone estrogens cause growth.
Sex hormone estrogens cause slight growth.
Sex hormone estrogens control development.
A sex hormone is a hormone
Sex hormone changes in male epileptics.
Sex hormones accelerate growth and also control the skeletal process that ends growth.
Sex hormones accelerate growth as well as the skeletal process that ends growth.
Sex hormones activate development.
Sex hormones activate gland development.
Sex hormones affect the growth and function of the reproductive organs.
Sex hormones are different because they start to work later on.
Sex hormones are important to the normal sexual development of young animals.
Sex hormones are power players in human abilities and behaviors.
Sex hormones are produced in the gonads and released in small amounts into the blood.
Sex hormones are steroids.
Sex hormones change adrenoceptors in blood vessels of the spontaneously hypertensive rat.
Sex hormones contribute to characteristics.
Sex hormones control sexual development in male and female bodies.
Sex hormones control the sexual development of male and female bodies.
Sex hormones have profound influences on many aspects of health and disease.
Sex hormones have several functions.
Sex hormones help boys.
Sex hormones help keep bones strong.
Sex hormones interact at critical life stages to produce profound differences.
Sex hormones peak.
Sex hormones perform functions.
Sex hormones perform important functions.
Sex hormones perform many important functions.
Sex hormones seem to play a role in heart disease.
Sex hormones stimulate development of sexual behavior patterns after physical determination.
Sex hormones trigger development.
Most sex hormone estrogens cause breast growth.
Most sex hormone estrogens cause growth.
Most sex hormone estrogens cause slight growth.
Most sex hormone estrogens control development.
Most sex hormones activate development.
Most sex hormones activate gland development.
Most sex hormones contribute to characteristics.
Most sex hormones help boys.
Most sex hormones perform functions.
Most sex hormones perform important functions.
Most sex hormones perform many important functions.
Some sex hormones are produced by gonads.
Some sex hormones stimulate development.
Sex industries are also small but growing in several college towns .
Sex inequality is an outcome of systemic dominance.
Sex jokes focus on porn magazines and videos, incest and virginity.
Sex life is better if a little calmer.
Sex life is shot, it's a thing of the past.
All sex links are available via keyword search or by selecting a categorized text links.
Sex linkage applies to genes that are located on the sex chromosomes.
Some sex lubricants come in both water and oil based versions.
Sex magic is an important component of Celtic spiritual practice.
Sex magic tends to be the exception rather than the rule.
Sex matters Get informative health advice from five different columnists.
Sex movies are see black babes bbw.
All sex movies picturelinks maybe sex hardcore free adult movies and porning asses.
A sex offender is a convict
Sex offenders are a tricky subject.
Sex offenders are convicts.
Sex offenders are criminals.
Sex offenders are easy marks to begin with.
Sex offenders are especially creative in finding ways to cover their tracks and continue molesting.
Sex offenders are generally very manipulative and superficially compliant.
Sex offenders are no more entitled to privacy than stalkers are to camouflage.
Sex offenders are of grave concern to the public due to the nature of sexual offending.
Sex offenders are particularly likely to repeat their criminal acts.
Sex offenders are smart.
Sex offenders are very secretive.
Sex offenders are weird.
Sex offenders come from all backgrounds, ages, income levels, and professions.
Sex offenders come from all walks of life and all socioeconomic groups.
Sex offenders come from all walks of life and ethnic backgrounds.
Sex offenders come from all walks of life and from all socio-economic groups.
Sex offenders commit heinous crimes.
Sex offenders do.
Sex offenders get gratification from intimidating, humiliating and degrading their victims.
Sex offenders have a relatively low overall recidivism rate.
Sex offenders have great social skills.
Sex offenders have issues with power and lack the skills to develop healthy peer relationships.
Sex offenders make a choice.
Sex offenders seek positions of authority, for example a police officer or coach.
Sex offenders seem to be from another planet altogether.
Sex offenders seem to do better from psychotherapy and intensive counseling.
Sex offenders tend to be compulsive and repetitive, the kind of criminals that are hardest to treat.
Sex offenders tend to be older, less violent and more intelligent.
Sex offenders tend to come from restrictive and punitive home environments.
Sex offenders tend to have a high rate of repeat offenses.
All sex offenders receive mandatory treatment, and prison terms for their criminal offences.
Many sex offenders start their criminal careers early.
Most sex offenders abuse many victims before they are caught.
Most sex offenders are friends or family members of the victims.
Most sex offenders groom their victims prior to any crime.
Most sex offenders have a history of pyromania and animal abuse.
Most sex offenders look and act very normal.
Most sex offenders perpetrate against someone they know.
Most sex offenders work.
Sex offense is crime
Sex offenses committed by juveniles are a serious problem.
Sex offenses present their own set of problems.
A sex organ is an organ
Sex organ sounds a bit like a musical instrument.
Sex organs are apparent.
Sex organs are multicellular.
Sex organs are visible.
Sex organs become affected.
Sex organs begin to appear during the third month of gestation.
Sex organs develop in acropetal succession, ie.
Sex organs play roles.
All sex organs are what is called 'homologinous'.
Most sex organs play roles.
Some sex organs produce hormones.
Sex pheromone traps to determine applications of azinphos-methyl for codling moth control.
Sex pheromones act as described above.
Sex pheromones are a natural chemical produced by female moths to attract a mate.
Sex pictures are all high quality.
Sex pictures bringing is in with inback dildo-riders.
Sex ratio can be critical in hypothesizing the ancestral mating system.
Sex ratio describes the relative number of males to females in a population.
Sex ratio is equal.
Sex ratio is reported as a male-female ratio.
Sex ratio is the number of organisms of a species per unit area.
Sex ratio is the proportion of males to females in a population.
Sex ratio varies with maternal size in the common garter snake.
Sex ratios are higher in cities and towns, higher in industrial and mining areas.
Sex ratios are how many males compared to how many females there are in a population.
Sex ratios are ratios.
Sex reassignment is a logical and effective treatment for paraphilic transsexuality.
Sex reassignment is one of the most radical and disruptive things that an individual can do.
Sex research has more to do with behavioral studies and surveys.
Sex roles are very different when it comes to territorial disputes.
Sex roles can flip in primates too.
Sex roles derived from burial data can obscure gender roles.
Sex roles take on new importance as adolescents' bodies become more sex-differentiated.
Sex scandals can still overshadow the business of governing a nation.
Sex scandals involving clergy always make page one, so they're hard to forget.
Sex scandals raise few eyebrows, and adultery is widespread.
Sex scenes are common now in mainstream fiction, and porn fans have video.
Sex scenes are hot.
Sex scenes look fake.
Every sex scene includes true multiple angles.
Some sex scenes involve unorthodox positions, a lot of thrusting and a lot of nudity.
Sex segregation creates a vicious cycle.
Sex segregation involves putting women and men in different jobs.
Sex segregation is a separatism
Sex segregation is problematic for several reasons.
Most sex segregation analyses show that the workforce is highly sex-segregated.
Sex selection is a widely practiced procedure in the United States and world wide.
Sex selection is the attempt to control the sex of offspring to achieve a desired sex.
Sex shops show off exotic toys.
Sex shops sit right next to antique stores and cafes.
Many sex shops sell 'exotic' condoms which are covered with flanges, knobs and nodules.
Sex Shows Live lesbian sex via web cam.
Sex slavery grows, children sold into sweat shops to make our clothes.
Sex steroids are involved in aggression.
Sex steroids have effects.
Most sex steroids have effects.
Sex stories are for adults only.
Sex Stories Sit back and read some of the hottest erotic sex stories ever written.
Sex talk gets child in trouble.
Sex therapists are from the ranks of mental health professionals.
Sex therapists employ a variety of techniques to understand and treat sexual problems.
Sex therapists refer to sexual dysfunction as problems that are recurrent and persistent.
Sex therapists say sex acts on the principal of use it or lose it.
Sex therapists say they treat as many individuals as couples.
Many sex therapists advise that couples having sexual problems view erotic materials as a tool.
Many sex therapists disagree.
Sex therapy can be a remarkably effective and rewarding experience.
Sex therapy can be helpful for individuals and couples depending on the issue being addressed.
Sex therapy is a new, dynamic approach to very real human problems.
Sex therapy is a relatively new field.
Sex therapy is also helpful in patients who have premature ejaculation problems.
Sex therapy is deductible as a medical expense.
Sex therapy is especially helpful for psychogenic erectile dysfunction.
Sex tours abound in numerous countries, and are advertised in numerous venues.
Sex tourism is also very much integrated in tourism activities.
Sex tourism is an important business in Taipei, which is second only to Bangkok.
Sex tourism is especially on the rise in countries in Central and South America.
Sex tourism is the most dehumanised form of sex and economic exploitation of women.
Sex toys are adult entertainment.
Sex toys are another fun way to give lovemaking that extra 'twist'.
Sex toys are located in bedrooms.
Sex toys are located in beds.
Sex toys can be equally great for partner sex and masturbation.
Sex toys can keep a relationship hot and interesting.
Sex Toys Swingers personal ads from around the world.
Some sex toys can function in a similar way.
Sex urge is a fine and noble thing.
Sex Wars See who can get off the hardest, wettest, and loudest.
Sex work continues to be illegal in many countries so prevention remains difficult.
Sex work is a major income-generating opportunity in South Africa.
Sex work is one of their options.
Sex work is valid and valuable work.
Sex work is, and has long been, a major source of income for throwaway kids.
All sex work is equally valid, whether it be prostitution, stripping, pornography or phone sex.
Sex worker wants sex-tourism boost .
Sex workers aim to please their clients with dry sex.
Sex workers are mostly very genuine women with a great sense of humour.
Sex workers are on the board and staff.
Sex workers are people.
Sex workers are scholars in the theory that the strong gain from the weak.
Sex workers are the ultimate independent contractors.
Sex workers are too outside their home environment.
Sex workers are unlikely to disclose their work to healthcare providers.
Sex workers crouch silently inside.
Sex workers have boundaries and set limits in what they are willing to do with clients.
Sex workers say no .
Sex workers speak out.
Sex Workers Write About Their Clients , who offers tips and etiquette for prospective johns.
Many sex workers move from place to place, whether voluntarily or involuntarily.
Sex acts as an agent to promote the diversity required to evolve such libraries.
Sex acts between a man and a woman , as well as between two men .
Sex acts between a man and a woman, as well as between two men.
Sex addicts aren t the only ones enticed by the accessibility and anonymity the Internet offers.
Sex addicts whose sexual behaviors incur legal consequences are one category of sex offenders.
Sex adds even more responsibility to a relationship.
Sex affects age determination and wear of molariform teeth in white-tailed deer.
Sex affects manganese absorption and retention by humans from a diet adequate in manganese.
Sex almost brings down a president.
Sex alone endures.
Sex already pervades modern life, transforming values and changing morals.
Sex also affects lysine requirement.
Sex also cheapens a relationship.
Sex also displays sexual deviance from society's norms.
Sex also has risks.
Sex also has some emotional risks.
Sex also helps.
Sex also makes the inflammation worse.
Sex also requires a little muscular endurance .
Sex also requires less energy than shovelling snow.
Sex also sells.
Sex also slows, at least on the Web.
Sex also speaks to loyalty, trust and commitments.
Sex also spreads parasites and they are more easily passed than venereal diseases.
Sex also takes much longer and requires more energy than simple division.
Sex appears to be a taboo subject.
Sex are available.
Sex Be like a Sting, and investigate prancing, trancing, tantric sex.
Sex becomes a big hit.
Sex becomes a burden.
Sex becomes a cheap commodity.
Sex becomes a game, a conquest, a popularity contest.
Sex becomes a goal in itself, the object of fixation, and sometimes even addiction.
Sex becomes a mystery and a problem, instead of a joyful, wonderful part of life.
Sex becomes a performance or a test of our manhood.
Sex becomes a release.
Sex becomes a ritual, and often only about getting an orgasm.
Sex becomes a substitute for communication and intimacy.
Sex becomes a transaction.
Sex becomes a way of balancing energy and creating wholeness.
Sex becomes boring.
Sex becomes brutal, violent and humiliating.
Sex becomes entirely different without jealousy.
Sex becomes impersonal, riskier and mundane.
Sex becomes lackluster or even an obligation.
Sex becomes more pleasurable, less performance-based, more natural.
Sex becomes one of the only remaining powers and used voraciously.
Sex becomes rather redundant.
Sex becomes safer.
Sex becomes something to accomplish - even a chore, at worst.
Sex becomes sustenance, like food, for some.
Sex becomes the forbidden fruit when it is practiced outside a marital relationship.
Sex becomes the organizing principle of addicts' lives.
Sex becomes the path out of old-fashioned thinking towards the new sexual attitudes.
Sex becomes the worship of the male or female body instead of a celebration of love.
Sex becomes turbulent and highly energized at times when other things become highly energized.
Sex begins in the brain.
Sex begins in the mind.
Sex begins in the morning for women.
Sex belongs in intimate, committed relationships.
Sex belongs in marriage, but only in marriage.
Sex belongs to love.
Sex belongs to the soul, speaking of which,still needs our care.
Sex binds two people in a very deep and intimate manner.
Sex breaks up associations between alleles, so maintains variation for selection to act on.
Sex breaks up the linkage of one gene with another, increases randomness.
Sex breeds sex.
Sex brings a ton of responsibility with it.
Sex brings disease.
Sex calm a person's libido.
Sex can also be a dangerous thing.
Sex can also be a religious sacrament.
Sex can also be an issue for couples with very young children.
Sex can also be self-affirming.
Sex can also influence the pharmacodynamics of antipsychotic medications.
Sex can also lead to emotional feelings that are very difficult to understand and deal with.
Sex can alter the definition of an existing relationship.
Sex can always wait.
Sex can be a beautiful part of life.
Sex can be a great means of escape, the problem is what to say to the person afterwards.
Sex can be a great pleasure, but comes with many twists.
Sex can be a great teacher.
Sex can be a great way to start the day, too.
Sex can be a natural sleep inducer and helps some people.
Sex can be a powerful positive force for enriching marital commitment.
Sex can be a real pain sometimes.
Sex can be a scary, dangerous topic.
Sex can be a special and loving act between two people.
Sex can be a weapon or a beautiful gift.
Sex can be a wonderful thing.
Sex can be a wonderful, beautiful thing, and so can parenthood.
Sex can be an art form.
Sex can be an endless deepening into new levels of pleasure, connected -ness and love.
Sex can be an enjoyable, life-enhancing experience.
Sex can be an expression of love or an expression of selfish lust.
Sex can be an expression of love.
Sex can be an idol.
Sex can be anything from a commodity to a sacrament.
Sex can be beautiful, if done for love, and all that stuff.
Sex can be delightful and fulfilling.
Sex can be difficult for many people to discuss.
Sex can be dull.
Sex can be embarrassing to talk about.
Sex can be embarrassing, blah, unenjoyable or even painful.
Sex can be emotionally blind.
Sex can be fun, frivolous and relaxing.
Sex can be fun, or deadly.
Sex can be fun, sex can be silly, and sex can be serious.
Sex can be good for bananas.
Sex can be good.
Sex Can Be Good.
Sex can be immensely pleasurable, or it can be humiliating and uncomfortable.
Sex can be new and exciting, infinitely fantastic, mediocre or downright stale.
Sex can be one of the most joyful things two people can do together.
Sex can be playful, fun, and safe.
Sex can be powerful.
Sex can be really funny.
Sex can be Scientific and Safe.
Sex can be sublime and meaningful, or at the very least, something to do to pass the time.
Sex can be temporal.
Sex can be tender, a miracle of love, yet vaporously inconsequential, a wistful deja vu.
Sex can be very healthy before marriage.
Sex can be wonderful, but a great big hug can go a long way.
Sex can become a sort of currency for women with few other economic options.
Sex can become very stressful and mechanical.
Sex can cause a lot of problems.
Sex can cloud real issues, such as beliefs and personal values.
Sex can come later.
Sex can come naturally and often, if there is enough affection.
Sex can create more confusion then it can resolve.
Sex can deepen their emotional bond, and be the source of all sorts of realizations and revelations.
Sex can depend on the species of clam and what stage of life the individual clam is currently in.
Sex CaN do that for u.
Sex can follow, beautifully and easily, if the friendship and caring are there first.
Sex can happen sideways in bed, nose to nose.
Sex can happen without love and love can happen without sex.
Sex can hurt when it is about power-over.
Sex can introduce new gene combinations into a population.
Sex can last for a long time.
Sex can make a couple think that they are in love .
Sex can mean death.
Sex can mean different things to different people.
Sex can mess everything up.
Sex can never be a successful foundation for marriage.
Sex can no longer be the germ, the seed of fiction.
Sex can only happen when a male gets an election.
Sex can release stress, and help relax people, thereby reducing seizure frequency.
Sex can remain interesting, fulfilling, and exciting in the forties, fifties, sixties, and beyond.
Sex can resume when it is no longer uncomfortable.
Sex can seem like one more demand, meeting one more person's needs.
Sex can seem rather unappetizing, too.
Sex can serve as a gateway to the spiritual dimension of existence.
Sex can still be wonderful and hot.
Sex Can Wait .
Sex Can Wait.
Sex causes a desire to smoke.
Sex causes a great deal of difficulty.
Sex causes a man and a woman to gravitate toward one another.
Sex causes children.
Sex causes orgasm.
Sex causes pregnancy.
Sex causes pregnancy.
Sex causes unwanted pregnancy.
Sex causes venereal diseases.
Sex certainly feels just as good to unmarried partners as it does to married couples.
Sex certainly sells.
Sex changes everything.
Sex Check the appropriate box.
Sex comes first.
Sex comes in in another way in the information age.
Sex comes with baggage.
Sex comes, first and foremost, to mind.
Sex continues to reign as the ultimate conundrum, the queen of problems, in evolutionary biology.
Sex correlates to the biological organs, hormones, etc. which are parts of the body.
Sex creates babies.
Sex creates offspring with new unique combinations of genes.
Sex creates the possibility of getting pregnant.
Sex creates variation in offspring.
Sex cure Many women had different ideas about how to prevent the onset of osteoporosis.
Sex definitely is for more than just reproduction.
Sex definitely sells in France.
Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.
Sex discriminates against the shy and ugly.
Sex does come up as a topic of discussion in the Boy Scouts, of course.
Sex does feel good.
Sex does have a major impact on the results, so try and get it correct.
Sex Does Have Something to Do With It Finding startup money, that is.
Sex does sell.
Sex does, in some situations, play a role in a person's ability to perform their appointed duties.
Sex drives Internet progress.
Sex easily becomes a routine to release stress.
Sex efficiently repairs damage while masking the effects of mutation.
Sex ends up turning into work, eliminating most of the fun and enjoyment of making love.
Sex ends with divorce .
Sex ends with kids, disease, the end of relationships.
Sex equals death.
Sex equals intercourse.
Sex equals life-fulfillment.
Sex equals reproduction.
Sex especially is something different to everybody.
Sex evolves naturally for the young.
Sex exists in itself, and is sublimely indifferent to what humans think of it.
Sex exists to create diversity, and it's worth the risks.
Sex expresses the joining of two people in the most intimate way.
Sex feels like a chore, or there is no sex.
Sex feels really really good.
Sex freaks on stage.
Sex generally is something one does at night, in the bedroom, as quietly as possible.
Sex gets better with age.
Sex gets mechanical after a while.
Sex goes the same exact way every time.
Sex Going to the Doctor about 'sexual things' can be quite daunting.
Sex greatly increases variability and is usually selected for.
Sex grows by what it feeds on.
Sex happens and is talked about almost exclusively in the sphere of honne.
Sex happens because men want it to happen.
Sex happens, and it ll happen with or without a stupid visitation policy.
Sex has a powerful impact on the human mind and personality.
Sex Has a Price Tag.
Sex has a unique ability in the human realm to both brutalize and comfort the individual.
Sex has a way of clouding one's vision.
Sex has appearances.
Sex has consequences.
Sex has differences.
Sex has different appearances.
Sex has impact.
Sex has little to do with it.
Sex has little to do with logic.
Sex has many more consequences that most people realize.
Sex has meaning when it is about love, about possibilities, about the future.
Sex has more disadvantages than advantages at our age.
Sex has more than just physical meaning.
Sex has no calories.
Sex has no consequences.
Sex has no influence.
Sex has no place at a nudist resort precisely because the guests are naked.
Sex has nothing to do with a soulmate relationship or in any relationship for that matter.
Sex has nothing to do with 'Christian' love.
Sex has nothing to do with it.
Sex has nothing to do with one's spiritual unfoldment.
Sex has significant impact.
Sex has the usual roles out here in the real world, laying the groundwork for drama.
Sex has to be a lot more than rubbing.
Sex has very little to do with competency.
Sex has very little to do with thinking and a lot to do with instinct.
Sex helps hosts evolve fast enough to maintain defense against parasites.
Sex helps lower the overall cholesterol level.
Sex helps prevention and recovery from aging.
Sex identifies the biological difference between men and women.
Sex identifies the biological make up and difference between the male and the female.
Sex includes far more than intercourse.
Sex includes pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions.
Sex includes pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical condition.
Sex increases alertness and heightens the senses by stimulating the nervous system.
Sex increases the efficacy of natural selection in experimental yeast populations.
Sex increases the variance of genotypes, which can have long-term advantages.
Sex Indicates the sex of the injured person.
Sex influenced traits are autosomal but are influenced by the sex chromosomes.
Sex influences everything from mammals to slime molds.
Sex influences things too.
Sex involves difficult choices.
Sex involves our full person, our whole self.
Sex involves responsibility.
Sex is . . .
Sex Is . . .
Sex is a bad girl.
Sex is a bad thing because it rumples the clothes.
Sex is a bargaining chip to be withheld or given as a control mechanism.
Sex is a basic and powerful force that has consequences to individuals' health and to society.
Sex is a beautiful act that is meant to be enjoyed by married couples.
Sex is a beautiful expression.
Sex is a beautiful thing denoting pleasure.
Sex is a beautiful thing, especially when it is performed as an expression of love.
Sex is a behavior that involves body parts.
Sex is a big deal.
Sex is a big issue for younger kids.
Sex is a big part of the problem.
Sex is a big step on the way to happiness and joy.
Sex is a big thing, and also a big responsibility.
Sex is a biological construct.
Sex is a biological process.
Sex is a capital crime.
Sex is a caress.
Sex is a casual pastime and everyone is extremely promiscuous.
Sex is a celebration of love, skin and personality.
Sex is a chance to let go of their controlled emotions.
Sex is a chemical thing.
Sex is a commodity for trade.
Sex is a Communication.
Sex is a complex thing.
Sex is a complicated way for an organism to reproduce itself.
Sex is a connection, mute and powerful, but fleeting.
Sex is a conversation carried out by other means.
Sex is a crime.
Sex is a critical ingredient in the explosive cocktail fueling the action.
Sex is a currency in our society, sold on the basis of glib assumptions and glossy packaging.
Sex is a Dangerous Business.
Sex is a desire filled, sensual and exciting experience.
Sex is a different matter.
Sex is a difficult factor.
Sex is a difficult topic linguistically.
Sex is a direct route to a man's heart.
Sex is a distant memory.
Sex is a divertissement, a respite from boredom, a balm against feeling, a cheap opiate.
Sex is a driving force for human beings as much and needing air or water or food.
Sex is a fact of life.
Sex is a far darker power that feminism has admitted.
Sex is a form of communication.
Sex is a form of inebriation affecting speech and judgment.
Sex is a frequent topic, with frank language.
Sex is a function of sexuality.
Sex is a fundamental aspect of adult relations.
Sex is a further expression of one's deep and intimate love for another.
Sex is a game or an appointment.
Sex is a genotype.
Sex is a gift from the gods, it creates life and it makes life worth living.
Sex is a gift.
Sex is a good age reducer too, as long as it's practiced safely.
Sex is a good barometer of marriage health.
Sex is a good example.
Sex is a good stress reliever.
Sex is a good thing for the people.
Sex is a good thing.
Sex is a great form of education.
Sex is a great part about life, but so is life.
Sex is a great tranquilliser.
Sex is a great way to keep a marriage passionate and fun.
Sex is a guarantee without cost or responsibility.
Sex is a highly enjoyable, healthy recreational activity that contains a certain amount of risk.
Sex is a hot topic in chatrooms.
Sex is a killer.
Sex is a liberation for the uninhibited.
Sex is a life-affirming, healthy part of life.
Sex is a lifetime growth process and some women just grow into boundless sexual energy.
Sex is a loaded topic.
Sex is a locus of, or contact point with, the sacred.
Sex is a lot like pizza, goes a wry modern-day saying.
Sex is a lot newer for high school students.
Sex is a low priority.
Sex is a major part of a beginning relationship.
Sex is a matter of physics.
Sex is a measure of love for men.
Sex is a mess.
Sex is a messy sport so get used to it.
Sex is a metaphysical experience.
Sex is a method of reproduction which is widespread among living things .
Sex is a method of reproduction which is widespread among living things.
Sex is a mirror of cognition.
Sex is a misdemeanor. . .
Sex is a misdemeanor. .
Sex is a mode of communication.
Sex is a modest pleasure.
Sex is a more bizarre reason for failing a cocaine test.
Sex is a more serious business.
Sex is a most complicated part of being human.
Sex is a much broader concept that genital connecting or having an orgasm.
Sex is a much harder problem.
Sex is a much more immediate sell.
Sex is a natural act between two people.
Sex is a natural act.
Sex is a natural and normal function.
Sex is a natural bodily process, like a stroke.
Sex is a natural instinct.
Sex is a natural part of any human's experience.
Sex is a natural pleasure, and can thus be a source of good and virtue.
Sex is a natural urge that is difficult or impossible to control.
Sex is a natural, healthy drive.
Sex is a necessity of life, like food.
Sex is a normal and healthy part of relationships and is important to self-esteem.
Sex is a normal function.
Sex is a normal part of a happy and fulfilled life.
Sex is a paradoxical phenomenon because it is less efficient compared with asexual reproduction.
Sex is a part of human life.
Sex is a part of intimacy, but only a part.
Sex is a part of intimacy.
Sex is a part of it.
Sex is a part of life, and therefore a part of good storytelling.
Sex is a part of our love for our mates.
Sex is a part of that world.
Sex is a part of the responsibility in marriage.
Sex is a partial expression of our love.
Sex is a penis inside a vagina.
Sex is a perfect example.
Sex is a performance.
Sex is a playground for lonely scientists.
Sex is a pleasurable activity.
Sex is a poor predictor of ideology as well.
Sex is a powerful drive, second only to survival itself.
Sex is a powerful force with great capacity for good or evil.
Sex is a powerful physical excitement.
Sex is a powerful thing.
Sex is a privacy between the spouses.
Sex is a private decisions between to people.
Sex is a problem in ethics.
Sex is a product of love.
Sex is a real attention grabber.
Sex is a release or a job.
Sex is a revelation of what is, intensely.
Sex is a risky business, biologically speaking.
Sex is a sacred act for some, men and women, and a joyous diversion for others, men and women.
Sex is a serious matter.
Sex is a shared responsibility of both the male and the female partners.
Sex is a short-term adaptation to rapid environmental change.
Sex is a significant part of life.
Sex is a simple matter of physics, love is a far more complex matter of chemistry.
Sex is a sin.
Sex is a sport with hazards.
Sex is a sport.
Sex is a state of mind as much as it is a state of body.
Sex is a stress reliever.
Sex is a subject like every other subject.
Sex is a subset to nature.
Sex is a successful sales tool because it is still provocative.
Sex is a symbol of gender.
Sex is a theatre.
Sex is a three letter word.
Sex is a topic teens in general love to talk about, brag about and lie about.
Sex is a topic that attracts a lot of attention, and rightly so.
Sex is a totally different subject than marriage or reproduction.
Sex is a touchstone for intense questions about freedom and responsibility, passion, and sanctity.
Sex is a transient and empty substitute for enduring intimacy.
Sex is a truly enjoyable aspect of life that can become an addiction or sickness.
Sex is a type of reproduction common among living things.
Sex is a universal entity and, as such, is open to all types of enquiry.
Sex is a very big responsibility, and it needs to be taken seriously.
Sex is a very difficult issue to discuss.
Sex is a very difficult subject for reporters to deal with.
Sex is a very gray issue, cause of the stereotype of men getting more drunk and rowdy than women.
Sex is a very important step to take in a relationship.
Sex is a very personal and private act.
Sex is a very personal priority.
Sex is a very powerful thing.
Sex is a very powerful tool.
Sex is a very risky thing to do.
Sex is a way of coping .
Sex is a way that women service men in order to get love.
Sex is a way they can do that.
Sex is a way to affirm the love of life.
Sex is a way to build intimacy and give each other pleasure.
Sex is a weapon to defile, degrade and humiliate the victim.
Sex is a whole separate article of thoughts.
Sex is a woman.
Sex is a wonderful and powerful expression of love.
Sex is a wonderful gift, but if uncontrolled, it has a great capacity for evil as well as good.
Sex is a wonderful gift, but it's for married people.
Sex is a wonderful part of a relationship.
Sex is a wonderful thing, but it is as much a responsibility as a pleasure.
Sex is about four women tackling the New York singles scene.
Sex is about love and intimacy, and giving and mutuality.
Sex is about love.
Sex is about meaningful relationships.
Sex is about once every week and half.
Sex is about pleasuring each other, releasing tension, and about romance, love, and intimacy.
Sex is about the ultimate delights of fidelity, and the final joys of faithfulness.
Sex is about totally committed love.
Sex is abused and as a result people feel guilty.
Sex is activities.
Sex is actually a great way to jump-start an intimate friendship.
Sex is addictive, and extremely powerful.
Sex is addictive.
Sex is after all an animal instinct.
Sex is ageless.
Sex is all about fun, and a little water never hurt anyone.
Sex is all about mixing up the DNA from two parents to spawn something new.
Sex is all about the body.
Sex is all around.
Sex is all over the media.
Sex is all projection.
Sex is all they ever think about, except for erotic recipes, or even eating pasta.
Sex is all they have.
Sex is almost beside the point.
Sex is also a complicated human behaviour, highly nuanced.
Sex is also a dominant theme in many of the songs.
Sex is also a great consumer of time, energy and emotion.
Sex is also a mystery, similar to the mystery of existence.
Sex is also a prominent means of transmitting diseases.
Sex is also an issue.
Sex is also beautiful.
Sex is also common throughout the culture.
Sex is also communication, with very few restrictions.
Sex is also distinguishable.
Sex is also one of the few businesses making money in the Web publishing racket.
Sex is also relatively inexpensive.
Sex is also the revenge on death.
Sex is also the subject of a much more difficult issue in Newcastle.
Sex is always a difficult subject to write about without sounding salacious or coy.
Sex is always a hot topic in human society and is an intensively investigated phenomenon in biology.
Sex is always a safe marketing tool and cyber sex is the safest sex yet.
Sex is always better after a potluck dinner.
Sex is always better when preceeded by sex.
Sex is always fun and satisfying.
Sex is always good.
Sex is amazing.
Sex is among the most basic of human instincts and needs.
Sex is among the most complicated aspects of our behavior.
Sex is an act for all of the senses.
Sex is an act of mutual consent.
Sex is an act of sharing.
Sex is an act to entertain.
Sex is an activity that takes place behind closed doors.
Sex is an activity
Sex is an aerobic activity, and like any workout, it burns calories.
Sex is an area of great potential for hurt, emotional blackmail, and conflict.
Sex is an art form.
Sex is an art that is learned best in the safe environment of marriage.
Sex is an art.
Sex is an emotion in motion.
Sex is an emotional and physical process, but most films portray it as a physical act only.
Sex is an energy.
Sex is an eternal bond.
Sex is an evolutionary enigma.
Sex is an evolutionary puzzle .
Sex is an evolutionary puzzle.
Sex is an experiential kind of activity, though, that's hard to learn from a book.
Sex is an expression and extension of love.
Sex is an expression of feelings, thoughts and emotions.
Sex is an expression of love.
Sex is an expression of two people showing the closeness of relationship they share.
Sex is an immense part of life for almost everyone in the nation and the world, including youth.
Sex is an important part of life at any age.
Sex is an important part of many people's relationships.
Sex is an important part of marriage for most people.
Sex is an important part of our lives and it is an important part of any intimate relationship.
Sex is an important part of the relationship between two people.
Sex is an important subject.
Sex is an important tool of power in the book.
Sex is an important way to ensure group stability and ease tensions.
Sex is an important, often neglected, aspect of a relationship during pregnancy.
Sex is an incredible gift within the marriage covenant.
Sex is an independent variable.
Sex is an integral but otherwise minor part of any healthy, full relationship.
Sex is an integral part of being human.
Sex is an integral part of life and nature.
Sex is an intense animal drive.
Sex is an intermingling, or a blending of two entire personalities - body, soul, and spirit.
Sex is an intimate thing shared between two people.
Sex is an irresistible appetite, whose indulgence is a part of life.
Sex is an obvious example.
Sex is an obvious question.
Sex is an obvious way of escape.
Sex is an old standby, according to investigators.
Sex is an outmoded form of communication.
Sex is an outright industry in Thailand.
Sex is anatomical difference based on reproductive organs.
Sex is another area where reality is an uneasy portrayal.
Sex is another big issue.
Sex is another fine thing, and it's closely related to love.
Sex is another issue that tends to cause problems in marriages.
Sex is another issue.
Sex is another lure.
Sex is another theme, and gender too.
Sex is another thing.
Sex is another word that joins the list of the maligned.
Sex is another.
Sex is any activity that one engages in for erotic pleasure or reproduction.
Sex is any contact between people that is erotic in nature and which potentially can lead to orgasm.
Sex is art, and there's something more to art than a raw appreciation of vibrant color.
Sex is as boring or as exciting as the two consenting adults make it.
Sex is as easy to grab as the escort pamphlets passed out by kids along the Strip.
Sex is as frequent as it is casual, a social tool used to strengthen and maintain bonds.
Sex is as good as having a big dick stuck up a pussy.
Sex is as holy as prayer.
Sex is as meaningless to many women today as it is for the stereotypical male.
Sex is as much psychological as it is physical.
Sex is as much spiritual mystery as physical fact.
Sex is as natural as sunshine and rain, as food and drink, as sight and scent.
Sex is as sex does.
Sex is associated with a transient escape from parasite damage in American beech.
Sex is associated with freedom, adulthood, and sophistication.
Sex is avoided for a short while.
Sex is awesome.
Sex is baad.
Sex is bad for one - but it's good for two.
Sex is bad, feeling sexual is worse.
Sex is bad.
Sex is based on the fact that sexual reproduction results in genetically variable offspring.
Sex is basically a very valuable type of stuff that is still used as a means of trade.
Sex is beautiful and romantic enough without that nonsense.
Sex is beautiful, s'wonderful, but the big thing is friendship.
Sex is beautiful.
Sex is best in the confines of marriage.
Sex is best when it's a perfect blend of friction and wetness.
Sex is better and drinks are usually FREE .
Sex is better for both parties with a circumcised penis.
Sex is better than gender.
Sex is better than logic.
Sex is better than raspberry cake.
Sex is better when the ladies are doing it less.
Sex is better with alcohol or drugs.
Sex is better.
Sex is between the legs, gender between the ears.
Sex is between the legs.
Sex is between two consenting partners.
Sex is biological and cross-species.
Sex is biological functions.
Sex is biological.
Sex is biologically determined, but gender is culturally determined.
Sex is biologically determined, while gender is to a large extent enculturated, or learned.
Sex is biology.
Sex is biology-based, the identification as either male or female.
Sex is bizarre, and it is powerful.
Sex is bona fide occupational qualification for sergeant.
Sex is books.
Sex is both a metaphor for transformation and also a vehicle for it.
Sex is both delightful and disgusting.
Sex is bothersome and yet has persisted tenaciously.
Sex is breath, caught like a bird in a vortex, winding to earth.
Sex is but one expression.
Sex is by definition on-topic.
Sex is capable of wonderful things.
Sex is certainly full of paradox at times.
Sex is cheap and profane.
Sex is cheap.
Sex is cheaper than going to the movies.
Sex is cheaper.
Sex is classes.
Sex is cleaner with a packaged weiner.
Sex is cleaner with a packaged wiener.
Sex is clearly meaningful for young people.
Sex is coitus and coitus is the act of making babies.
Sex is cold and ugly.
Sex is committed with the same indifference.
Sex is completely natural.
Sex is complex and reveals itself constantly in our words, our actions, and our decisions.
Sex is complicated.
Sex is considered a moral issue in the public.
Sex is considered a pious and sacred activity.
Sex is considered a sin, unless it is between marriage partners.
Sex is considered to be an implicit part of the job for Filipino housemaids.
Sex is considered to be wholly a pleasure-giving activity with no deeper meaning.
Sex is constantly on the forefront.
Sex is constructive, productive, life affirming and pleasurable.
Sex is consummation of that union.
Sex is continued throughout pregnancy.
Sex is convenient.
Sex is cool.
Sex is copulation.
Sex is creative energy.
Sex is crude.
Sex is daemonic.
Sex is damn hard.
Sex is dangerous.
Sex is dead.
Sex is dealt with a certain frankness that makes it seem very natural and even humorous.
Sex is dealt with frankly and graphically.
Sex is deeply symbolic.
Sex is definately a lot more exciting now than it was.
Sex is defined by the way it is carried out - on the basis of a conscious decision.
Sex is definitely a skill, and like any skill, it is refined with education and practice.
Sex is definitely on the agenda.
Sex is delicious.
Sex is dependent variable.
Sex is designed to last a lifetime.
Sex is determined at the time of fertilization.
Sex is determined by environmental factors.
Sex is determined by examining the vent region.
Sex is determined by temperature in the nest about midway through incubation.
Sex is determined by temperature.
Sex is determined by the non-autosomal sex chromosomes.
Sex is determined by the physical differences exhibited by females and males.
Sex is determined by the sex chromosome carried by the sperm.
Sex is determined by the sex chromosome in the sperm that fertilizes the female egg.
Sex is determined by the sex chromosomes.
Sex is determined by the sperm.
Sex is determined by the temperature of the egg during incubation.
Sex is determined ordinarily by a chromosomal mechanism in the germ cells.
Sex is determined using the anogenital distance.
Sex is different - immediate, intense, orgasmic.
Sex is different for everyone.
Sex is different.
Sex is dirty after all, and that's part of what makes it great.
Sex is dirty only if done right.
Sex is dirty only if it is done right.
Sex is dirty only if it's done right.
Sex is dirty only when it' s done right.
Sex is dirty, ugly, awkward, scary, humiliating, disgusting, and shameful.
Sex is dirty.
Sex is disappointing.
Sex is disease, but machines are so clean.
Sex is disgusting.
Sex is displayed and able to be seen by younger people more than ever.
Sex is divine.
Sex is done.
Sex is dull.
Sex is easy to talk about compared to death.
Sex is easy.
Sex is either the source or cause of all social interactions.
Sex is emotional and spiritual super glue.
Sex is emotional.
Sex is energy, the finest and thus most powerful force in the natural world.
Sex is engaged in for pleasure and socialization as well.
Sex is essentially a simple biological function, as natural to our bodies as eating or sleeping.
Sex is even cooler than games.
Sex is everything in Cuba.
Sex is everywhere and affects everyone, which makes it a good thing to market.
Sex is everywhere in America - and in the ads, films, TV shows and music videos it exports abroad.
Sex is everywhere, but nobody seems to know what is normal.
Sex is everywhere, even on the news.
Sex is everywhere.
Sex is everywhere-on television, in the movies, and even in everyday conversation.
Sex is evil, evil is sin.
Sex is evolution s brain in that it lets it try all the possibilities.
Sex is exaltation.
Sex is exciting and new, and the oxytocin is flowing.
Sex is exciting.
Sex is exercise and does burn calories.
Sex is expensive, burdened as it is with the costs of meiosis.
Sex is expensive.
Sex is extremely important to the man.
Sex is fascinating.
Sex is feelings.
Sex is fine, and their contrasting temperaments neatly complement each other.
Sex is fine, as long as it follows the other rules.
Sex is for adults.
Sex is for babies.
Sex is for bonding.
Sex is for communing with spirit and with each other and sensing our place in the whole of creation.
Sex is for deepening love between a husband and wife and for the procreation of children.
Sex is for everyone.
Sex is for loving.
Sex is for marriage, and only for marriage.
Sex is for marriage, period.
Sex is for married couples only.
Sex is for one man with one woman, committed to each other for life.
Sex is for people who are married to one another.
Sex is for pleasure.
Sex is for sharing.
Sex is for the taking, love is for the giving.
Sex is free expression.
Sex is freedom from time.
Sex is freedom From time.
Sex is freedom.
Sex is frequent, but sweaty and often guilt-ridden.
Sex is full of lies.
Sex is fun and games.
Sex is fun and meant to be enjoyed.
Sex is fun and pleasure, a great adventure.
Sex is fun precisely because it is reproductive in nature.
Sex is fun, but it can also be reproductive and dangerous.
Sex is fun, but it can only be fun if it is legal, safe and consensual.
Sex is fun, exciting and normal.
Sex is fun.
Sex is fun.
Sex is funny.
Sex is generally a private act, recognized as such by the state.
Sex is good and for seniors it has some minor differences from earlier ages.
Sex is good because it is an expression between two people who love each other.
Sex is good for males but bad for hermaphrodites.
Sex is good for the soul.
Sex is good things.
Sex is good though.
Sex is good with a women with a shaved pussy.
Sex is good, and nudity is natural.
Sex is good, though.
Sex is good.
Sex is good.
Sex is graphic.
Sex is great for maintaining physical fitness.
Sex is great for parties, executive meetings, and study sessions.
Sex is great fun.
Sex is great now, even for a college guy.
Sex is great, and it can also cause alot of heartache down the road.
Sex is great, but it gets tiring doing it everyday.
Sex is great.
Sex is groovy and all, but there are other places to get into gory detail about it.
Sex is gross.
Sex is guaranteed.
Sex is hardwired into our brains in ways beyond our imaginings.
Sex is healthy.
Sex is here a weapon, a status symbol, an indication of power held or power lacking.
Sex is here to stay, and it remains a very basic force in our lives.
Sex is hereditary.
Sex is hinted at but never displayed.
Sex is hot - cool, rational calculation tends to be thrown aside with the clothes.
Sex is hot.
Sex is how men relate to women.
Sex is how the body is shaped, how it functions, male or female.
Sex is human magnetism.
Sex is ideally part of a long term, loving relationship.
Sex is identical to comedy in that it involves timing.
Sex is implied as the two are shown the next morning wearing nothing but a blanket.
Sex is implied in two occasions, but nothing is actually seen.
Sex is implied rather than explicit, and the bad ones smoked cigarettes.
Sex is important as males have a larger capacity than females.
Sex is important but nobody care to participate on the serious side of it.
Sex is important in speciation theory because it bestows cohesiveness on populations.
Sex is important to life on Earth.
Sex is important.
Sex is in that world.
Sex is in the air.
Sex is in their face on family hour and prime time, on soaps, sitcoms and shampoo ads.
Sex is in.
Sex is indeed a profoundly important and deeply political issue.
Sex is indicated only for females.
Sex is inescapable.
Sex is inevitable.
Sex is innate, gender is learned.
Sex is insinuated and there's one tame scene of violence and lots of chocolate.
Sex is instinctive and offers one of the highest forms of pleasure.
Sex is intended for mutual pleasure and, like submission, requires giving by both husband and wife.
Sex is intended only to satisfy the man's ego and needs.
Sex is intended primarily for having children.
Sex is intensely private and personal, but it also has deep moral and social dimensions.
Sex is intrinsically undignified and is best kept a private matter.
Sex is just a situation in which it happens naturally.
Sex is just about what body parts one was born with.
Sex is just incidental.
Sex is just one factor to consider when making decisions about drugs.
Sex is just one manifestation of the erotic instinct.
Sex is just one more part of the equation, one more primal instinct and lust.
Sex is just one of many physical experiences enhanced by the wearing of casts.
Sex is just one.
Sex is just sex.
Sex is just short-term happiness.
Sex is just something to do, something guys want, nothing special.
Sex is just that, sex.
Sex is just the beginning.
Sex is kinda like pizza.
Sex is laughs and kicks.
Sex is leisure activities.
Sex is less a teleology than an alphabet, composing endless possibilities.
Sex is less important now than a loving and almost spiritual bond.
Sex is less pleasureable, particularly with someone else.
Sex is life and all life, with the exception of viruses and some plants, comes from sex.
Sex is life, and it is the very meaning of beauty.
Sex is life.
Sex is like a beautiful gift.
Sex is like a nose without marriage.
Sex is like a thermometer.
Sex is like air.
Sex is like another goddamn job, another responsibility to fill.
Sex is like dancing.
Sex is like eating, breathing, shitting and sleeping.
Sex is like fire in a fireplace.
Sex is like fire.
Sex is like flan.
Sex is like hacking.
Sex is like joining a private club.
Sex is like language or science, it's an infinite topic of possibilities and interpretations.
Sex is like oil.
Sex is like pizza, when it's good, it's great.
Sex is like pizza.
Sex is like snow.
Sex is like soccer, everyones on the team but only the best get play.
Sex is like that.
Sex is limited to a couple of squeaky bed jokes.
Sex is located in bedrooms.
Sex is located in hotels.
Sex is located in rest areas.
Sex is looked upon as a gift which demands reponsibility.
Sex is love and love is sex.
Sex is love.
Sex is mainly for the expression of love.
Sex is man's second strongest instinct.
Sex is meaning.
Sex is meant to be an incredibly enjoyable, be it orgasmic experience.
Sex is meant to be easy to determine from a pelvis.
Sex is meant to be enjoyed as part of marriage.
Sex is merely a means to an end.
Sex is merely a physical act with no real consequences.
Sex is merely a variable.
Sex is more complicated and, equally as often, more simple than that.
Sex is more exciting with a stranger.
Sex is more fun than logic.
Sex is more fun.
Sex is more of a physical act than a romantic one.
Sex is more predominant than anything else in the lyrics and the groups themselves.
Sex is more than a physical act.
Sex is more than an act.
Sex is more than genitals, and necking particularly is an underrated joy.
Sex is more than intercourse.
Sex is more than recreation.
Sex is more than the physical act.
Sex is more than the 'rub and tickle' of two bodies.
Sex is more worrisome.
Sex is mostly out of the closet.
Sex is mostly promiscuous, but occasionally monogamous.
Sex is much more complicated than champagne, especially if two people or more are involved.
Sex is much more than a form of personal recreation.
Sex is natural distinction and applies to living objects.
Sex is natural except when done right.
Sex is natural thing in life and the shape of women is among the most beautiful thing on earth.
Sex is natural, essential, enduring.
Sex is natural.
Sex is Natural.
Sex is nature itself, no matter who's involved in it.
Sex is necessary for the preservation of the species and is therefore also a pleasure.
Sex is never a test of love.
Sex is never an emergency.
Sex is never immoral.
Sex is never just sex.
Sex is never very far away.
Sex is next.
Sex is nice, but living is even more fun.
Sex is no barrier to attaining sainthood.
Sex is no different.
Sex is no longer a powerful sign of love between a husband and wife.
Sex is no longer taboo, no longer the sole territory of adults, no longer post watershed viewing.
Sex is no more important than eye color.
Sex is no release either.
Sex is nobody's business but the three people involved.
Sex is nobody's business except the three people involved.
Sex is normal.
Sex is normally sort of a barometer of the relationship.
Sex is nothing more or less than animals rutting.
Sex is nothing new to American children.
Sex is nothing without the flow of real passion and emotion.
Sex is nothing.
Sex is notoriously difficult to write about.
Sex is now a group variable.
Sex is now a much larger part of the formula as well.
Sex is now a valuable commodity.
Sex is now for fun, love and intimacy, thanks to the greatly reduced risk of unwanted pregnancy.
Sex is number one.
Sex is obviously far more than the simple intercourse.
Sex is of particular concern.
Sex is of the body.
Sex is off limits to Canadian swimmers.
Sex is often a barometer of the overall marital climate.
Sex is often a more prominent motivating factor when a man has an affair.
Sex is often casual, lying is merely a joke, and every taboo is a target.
Sex is often painful or curtailed.
Sex is often part of the cement that holds relationships together.
Sex is often the driving force of technology.
Sex is okay once in a while.
Sex is okay.
Sex is on our minds a lot.
Sex is on the TV, in the films, when people get together they discuss it and laught about it.
Sex is one area in life where our rebellion shows itself.
Sex is one factor among many.
Sex is one occupation that can really take over, if given the chance.
Sex is one of Cuba's major draws.
Sex is one of evolution's greatest innovations.
Sex is one of life's great pleasures and is a vital part to any relationship.
Sex is one of man's strongest drives.
Sex is one of the highest expressions of that love.
Sex is one of the most beautiful, wholesome, and natural things that money can buy.
Sex is one of the most difficult and controversial topics in our culture.
Sex is one of the most important forces that motivate human beings.
Sex is one of the most personal, emotional things two people can share together.
Sex is one of the most wholesome, beautiful and natural experiences that money can buy.
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation, the other eight are unimportant.
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation.
Sex is one of the pinnacles of creation.
Sex is one of the processes fully exploited with eukaryote cells.
Sex is one of the strongest forces in interpersonal relationships.
Sex is one of the strongest human impulses.
Sex is one of the toughest things to handle in life.
Sex is one of the ways of signing that contract.
Sex is one part of the equation.
Sex is one thing that impacts all of our lives, either for good or for ill.
Sex is one way to convey that love.
Sex is one, which is why some authors are reluctant to write about it directly.
Sex is one.
Sex is only a part of it.
Sex is only a particularly humiliating way to exercise power.
Sex is only a small part of it, learned in advanced lessons, usually after many years of study.
Sex is only a weapon.
Sex is only an adjunct.
Sex is only for procreation.
Sex is only good if it involves two loving people.
Sex is only interesting when it releases passion.
Sex is only natural and it is of human nature.
Sex is only okay when it is between heterosexual couples and it is used to sell soap.
Sex is only okay within a marriage between one man and one woman.
Sex is only one aspect of our humanity.
Sex is only proper between a man and woman who are married to each other.
Sex is only right in the context of heterosexual marriage.
Sex is only right within marriage, it is a sacred thing.
Sex is only slightly more likely to be pure than love.
Sex is only the business of the pile of people involved.
Sex is only the medium of exchange.
Sex is only the subtext of such an event.
Sex is only the weapon.
Sex is oral, anal, penetration, kinky.
Sex is our behavioral link with procreation and the maintenance of a species.
Sex is our second most powerful drive after survival.
Sex is out of the closet and the bedroom and right in the center of the family room.
Sex is out of the closet since the free love days of the sixties.
Sex is out there.
Sex is out, for starters.
Sex is over-rated.
Sex is owed for dinner or for a night on the town.
Sex is painful.
Sex is paraded everywhere but only as a pervasive titillation.
Sex is part of a full and good life.
Sex is part of a life force.
Sex is part of being an adult.
Sex is part of every person whether they're gay, bi or straight.
Sex is part of human experience.
Sex is part of life - and finding information about sex is difficult.
Sex is part of love.
Sex is part of nature.
Sex is part of procreation.
Sex is part of the flow of mental traffic.
Sex is part our lives and part of the scheme of nature.
Sex is passion.
Sex is penultimate.
Sex is perfectly natural and good.
Sex is perfectly safe during most pregnancies.
Sex is perhaps the highest form of ecstasy because of it's spiritual component.
Sex is permanent, in the body.
Sex is permissible only when one partner is out of town.
Sex is permissible only within the context of a marriage .
Sex is physical.
Sex is physically intimate.
Sex is pleasurable.
Sex is pleasure.
Sex is pointed out for the first time.
Sex is political , and political speech is the most protected in our society.
Sex is portrayed as a vile and nasty thing.
Sex is portrayed as pure lust, passion, and with no self-restraint.
Sex is Power.
Sex is powerful and can wreak havoc in the emotionally volatile world of teens.
Sex is powerful both in the desires it arouses and in the results it produces.
Sex is powerful, wonderful, and deeply spiritual.
Sex is powerful.
Sex is praised.
Sex is predicated on gender.
Sex is preeminently adult behavior.
Sex is presented as a fun time with no consequences, no risk and no heartache.
Sex is presented as a last resort for individuals who have no other means of making a living.
Sex is pretty hard to resist.
Sex is pretty much the same way.
Sex is pretty scary stuff at that age to begin with, scare campaigns just stuff it up totally.
Sex is prevalent in movies, on television and on the radio.
Sex is private and intimate.
Sex is private because it is sacred, good and holy.
Sex is private business.
Sex is probably the first casualty in a stressful situation.
Sex is proper only within a legal marriage contract.
Sex is pushed everywhere.
Sex is put on the back burner while they try to get a semblance of routine into their lives again.
Sex is qualified in terms of male and female.
Sex is rare among very young teenagers, but common in the later teenage years .
Sex is rare among very young teenagers, but common in the later teenage years.
Sex is rare among very young teens, but quite common in later adolescence.
Sex is really a latecomer.
Sex is really all that matters besides friendship.
Sex is recognizable.
Sex is recognized by seeing the genitals.
Sex is red hot and wonderful.
Sex is reduced to a contest of strategic moves without emotional involvement.
Sex is reduced to 'bang the living crap out of' women.
Sex is repressed because it is incompatible with a general and intensive work imperative.
Sex is reproduction, to produce more of the same.
Sex is rewarding.
Sex is risky business.
Sex is rough.
Sex is sacred and private, sexual partners are chosen carefully with hopeful permanence in mind.
Sex is sacred only when love is present.
Sex is sacred.
Sex is safe.
Sex is safer than abstinence.
Sex is sensual, even vicious.
Sex is serious business and unprotected sex can be deadly serious.
Sex is serious fun, but it's also serious business.
Sex is serious.
Sex is sex and philosophy is philosophy.
Sex is sex, light or no light.
Sex is sex.
Sex is shared freely.
Sex is sick at heart.
Sex is simply images of sexual acts.
Sex is simply the means of using that power and control over people.
Sex is simply too irresistible, especially on the job.
Sex is simulated.
Sex is sin.
Sex is sleek, slim, and well curved.
Sex is so fun because nature really wants to keep the species going.
Sex is so intense that humanity has tended to be deeply suspicious of it.
Sex is so much a part of our popular culture, but in that context it is fantasized and idealized.
Sex is so much more than a physical release.
Sex is so often about getting human contact and touch.
Sex is so overloaded with ideological debates, it is considered to be a very serious issue.
Sex is so personal that it's often difficult to talk about it openly.
Sex is so pervasive that it is present in advertising, film and television.
Sex is so powerful that it's often blinding before marriage.
Sex is so special, like two pizzas for the price of one.
Sex is sold on the street, sold in the media, sold in the movies.
Sex is some crazy stuff.
Sex is something else.
Sex is something everyone talks about nowadays.
Sex is something important.
Sex is something more than bodily pleasure.
Sex is something necessary in one's life.
Sex is something of an embarrassment to evolutionary biologists.
Sex is something that a couple can be creative with, and share with each other.
Sex is something that can be a health risk under some circumstances.
Sex is something that every human being, regardless of preference, understands.
Sex is something that is shared between two people for whatever reason.
Sex is something that is very intimate between two people who love each other very deeply.
Sex is something that women have that men want.
Sex is something two people have.
Sex is something women want to get around to when they feel closeness and believe they are in love.
Sex is somewhat like fire - it has great power.
Sex is sophisticated and amusing, with the possibilities far exceeding the pitfalls.
Sex is sort of like that.
Sex is species.
Sex is spectacularly inefficient.
Sex is still mostly between the ears.
Sex is still sex whatever the gender, orientation, preferences, or number of the participants.
SeX is still under development, and is known to be buggy.
Sex is still very difficult.
Sex is strange.
Sex is strictly forbidden and privacy is respected.
Sex is such a strange thing, a way to create other creatures.
Sex is such a subject.
Sex is such an absolute thing.
Sex is suggested rather than shown.
Sex is supposed to be about procreation.
Sex is supposed to be full of passion and feelings.
Sex is supposed to be fun.
Sex is supposed to be one of life's great pleasures.
Sex is supposed to be pleasurable, and pain indicates that something is wrong.
Sex is supposed to be wet, sticky and slippery.
Sex is supposedly strictly for procreation and a baby a year is considered a blessing.
Sex is sweet, death is bitter, love is both.
Sex is sweet.
Sex is taboo, and discussing the subject in company is almost worse than actually doing it.
Sex is taboo, and really violent gory death is taboo because a lot of publishers are afraid of that.
Sex is that important bonus along the way.
Sex is the another predetermined risk factor.
Sex is the answer to all their problems.
Sex is the antidote to the genetic deterioration due to the imperfect copying process.
Sex is the best answer and always has been.
Sex is the big gift from nature and the gods.
Sex is the biggest nothing of all time.
Sex is the binding force of a loving marriage.
Sex is the biological characteristic determined at conception.
Sex is the body.
Sex is the bonobos' social currency.
Sex is the catalyst for all destruction.
Sex is the deepest point of union between two people.
Sex is the easy part.
Sex is the ersatz or substitute religion of the twentieth century.
Sex IS the exception, though.
Sex is the first step after two people realize they are attracted to each other.
Sex is the food of carnal love.
Sex is the fulcrum on which a heterosexual relationship is balanced.
Sex is the gateway to life.
Sex is the glue that holds couples together.
Sex is the great amateur art.
Sex is the great equalizer.
Sex is the highest art form.
Sex is the highest form of physical intimacy between two people.
Sex is the killer ap here.
Sex is the last priority after a day of full-time work, childcare, and household chores.
Sex is the major topic of all discussions, including comparison of anatomical sizes.
Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated.
Sex is the matter with sex.
Sex is the means by which to gain power.
Sex is the method of conceiving life, of making children.
Sex is the most important factor in a successful relationship.
Sex is the most important sign of love.
Sex is the most intense kind of pleasure and that triggers certain chemicals.
Sex is the most natural act that every living thing animal does.
Sex is the most potent driving factor in our lives.
Sex is the most potent emotional expression there is.
Sex is the most potent force on the face of the earth.
Sex is the most powerfully and moving creative life force on earth.
Sex is the most practical way of losing weight.
Sex is the most tiring thing in the world.
Sex is the natural in man.
Sex is the one issue liberals have that resonates with the whole culture.
Sex is the one key element that distinguishes a romantic relationship from all other types.
Sex is the one of the most powerful urges and is for continuance of the species.
Sex is the only cure for the sexless as love is the only cure for the loveless.
Sex is the only exception.
Sex is the only form of human behavior viewed as uncontrollable in teenagers.
Sex is the only way to express true love.
Sex is the opposite of death.
Sex is the other one.
Sex is the outward visible sign of an inward spiritual grace bringing about love.
Sex is the payoff for the dress, the tux, the limo, the dinner, the dance and the corsage.
Sex is the physical world's primary desire-based commodity.
Sex is the predominant theme on the rest of the new offering.
Sex is the preeminent form of bringing love into physical reality.
Sex is the preoccupation of adolescence.
Sex is the purely biological element of our sexual identity.
Sex is the question.
Sex is the quintessence of life.
Sex is the refuge of the mindless.
Sex is the same but the dishes are piling up.
Sex is the same kind of powerful force.
Sex is the same way.
Sex is the second strongest of the psychological appeals, right behind self-preservation.
Sex is the selective pressure that drives adaptation.
Sex is the shape and function and form of physical organs of the body.
Sex is the single largest universal of mankind.
Sex is the single most popular type of content on the Net.
Sex is the solution to too many needs and situations.
Sex is the spark of life, and a gateway to ecstasy.
Sex is the tabasco sauce which an adolescent national palate sprinkles on every course in the menu.
Sex is the tender and exciting expression of two lives committed to mutual faithfulness and care.
Sex is the thermometer that measures the temperature of marriage.
Sex is the thing that makes the natural world go round.
Sex is the ultimate controller and destroyer.
Sex is the ultimate ephemera, a phantom.
Sex is the ultimate experiment of love.
Sex is the ultimate fact of life.
Sex is the ultimate in human sharing, transcending all other experiences.
Sex is the umbrella, but beneath that umbrella are so many other denominators that are crucial.
Sex is the vicarious experience of the other.
Sex is the way for the man of today.
Sex is the way most adults express love and desire for their partner.
Sex is the way to communicate at the beginning.
Sex is the way to fulfilment'.
Sex is the way to go.
Sex is the weapon rapists use to exert control over the survivor.
Sex is the weapon they choose to gain and underpin their power.
Sex is the weapon used to humiliate and control the victim.
Sex is the weapon.
Sex is the weed that no one can eradicate.
Sex is the whole ball of wax.
Sex is the winner.
Sex is the worst affected area due to such conflict.
Sex is their gift to bring to the table, couch, workbench, floor, or even the backyard and hillside.
Sex is their job.
Sex is their shield.
Sex is thought to be a product of biology or nature in pre-cultural goo.
Sex is to be bound within marraige and commitment.
Sex is to be enjoyed.
Sex is to express love.
Sex is to love . . .
Sex is to love what action is to thought, possession to evaluation, body to soul.
Sex is to occur in the context of marriage as an expression of love.
Sex is too complicated, it means too many things to people.
Sex is too damn good.
Sex is too important and activity to undertake without making a conscious decision about it.
Sex is too important to glop up with sentiment.
Sex is too mysterious, archetypal, protean, dark, instinctual to be done right.
Sex is tool powerful a drive at that age.
Sex is understood as unaffected by outside culture.
Sex is unimportant.
Sex is unreadable.
Sex is unthinkable.
Sex is used as a substitute for aggression, as a means of defusing tension.
Sex is used as a way to achieve deeper moral understanding and advance social change.
Sex is used as a weapon to intimidate and control another person.
Sex is used as social communication - to forge social bonds among all members of society.
Sex is used as the weapon.
Sex is used by plants and animals , and also by fungi and various single-celled organisms .
Sex is used by plants and animals , and also by fungi and various single-celled organisms.
Sex is used by plants and animals, and also by fungi and various single-celled organisms.
Sex is used for all sex and age groups to reduce tension.
Sex is used for instant pleasure.
Sex is used for pleasure.
Sex is used for procreation.
Sex is used for recreation.
Sex is used in ads to sell products.
Sex is used to lure a man into a legal contract to support a woman and their children.
Sex is used to sell everything from soap to sports cars.
Sex is used to sell everything.
Sex is used to sell products, shows and ideas.
Sex is verboten, even in a joking manner.
Sex is very difficult.
Sex is very good for health in general.
Sex is very important as a base.
Sex is very important in a marital relationship.
Sex is very important in a relationship.
Sex is very important to psychology, especially male psychology.
Sex is very important.
Sex is very intense and also has human passions and emotions attached to it.
Sex is very much a part of it.
Sex is virtually ubiquitous.
Sex is way out of hand in our society.
Sex is what it means to be a man or a woman.
Sex is what makes the world turn.
Sex is what women have and men want.
Sex is where a lot of oppressions live, where they really come out.
Sex is wonderful, but a baby before one is ready in all ways to be a parent that can easily be hell.
Sex is wonderful, but also very dangerous.
Sex is wonderful, but only for the right reasons, with the right person and at the right time.
Sex is wonderful.
Sex is worse than the temptation to do drugs.
Sex is, by nature, a risky endeavor, emotionally.
Sex is, for human beings, a vehicle for contact and communication on the most profound of levels.
Sex is, more importantly, about marriage, and families, and children.
Sex is, of course, a great gift.
Sex is, on the whole, a good thing.
Sex is, simple as that.
Sex is, surely, simply good or bad.
Sex is, therefore, man's greatest glory in the physical order.
Sex is, unfortunately, masking real scandals.
Sex isa property.
Sex just complicates their lives.
Sex just doesn t get on the schedule.
Sex kann ueberall, wo viel reingesteckt und gespielt wird, auch viel passiern.
Sex kills brain cells .
Sex lasts a short time.
Sex lasts much longer.
Sex leads to getting pregnant.
Sex Learn about contraception, sexuality, and safety.
Sex Let s take a look at the three hot topics to see why each is so difficult and so important.
Sex Let's talk about sex.
Sex limits the potential for population growth rate.
Sex loads the mutational dice in favour of some offspring rather than others.
Sex makes an appearance only in the form of scantily clad women.
Sex makes anything like com- plete standardization virtually impossible.
Sex makes babies.
Sex makes contact with another person.
Sex makes lose perspective.
Sex makes older men feel happier and younger.
Sex makes possible the recombination of alleles at various loci.
Sex makes the world go 'round.
Sex makes women cry.
Sex masterbating masturbating celebrity shows x-rated panty sex.
Sex means different things to different people.
Sex means love.
Sex means never having to finish the job.
Sex means sexual intercourse.
Sex means so much more than just intercourse.
Sex means that the number contributing to a pedigree doubles each generation.
Sex means the biological condition or quality of being a female or male human being.
Sex means the state of being or becoming male or female or transsexual, or pregnant.
Sex means whether someone was born with a male or female 'body'.
Sex needs emotion.
Sex needs to be elevated by marriage to be truly intimate, exclusive, and, ultimately, meaningful.
Sex needs to be talked about in the home and during sex education at school.
Sex needs to become a priority.
Sex never takes a hiatus.
Sex normally follows love, as well as being independent of love.
Sex occurs in furtive encounters with strangers.
Sex occurs in virtually all partner combinations and in a variety of positions.
Sex occurs inside the pavilion .
Sex occurs unexpectedly and without contraceptive protection.
Sex offers human contact and closeness.
Sex only complicates the discussion without changing the essential ideas.
Sex opens men up to rejection and sexual rejects are often seen as personal rejections.
Sex operates like a catalyst in all matters where independent intensity is involved.
Sex ought to be saved for the long-lasting, productive joy of marriage.
Sex permeates all of life, and so does our programming.
Sex permeates conversation and interaction.
Sex permeates the fabric of bonobo society, weaving through all aspects of daily life.
Sex permeates the novel.
Sex Play it safe with our kit full of quizzes, tips and cool pics.
Sex play with another person can be very pleasant.
Sex plays a central and profoundly important role in the marriage.
Sex plays a major part in our dream world.
Sex plays an important role in men's lives thus another controlling dynamic.
Sex plays an overriding role in today's society and is considered almost as important as money.
Sex pops up repeatedly.
Sex produces endorphins, which are opiate-like substances in the brain.
Sex produces fruiting body, basdiocarp, source of sexual spores.
Sex produces heat.
Sex produces instant adulthood.
Sex produces organisms different from the parent.
Sex provides energy by creating a tension that is released in orgasms.
Sex puts women to sleep, but has the opposite effect on men.
Sex ranks one notch above survival on the male priority marquee.
Sex reaches maturity.
Sex reaches reproductive maturity.
Sex reaches sexual maturity.
Sex really is an important part of our lives, but it also is serious business.
Sex reassures men of their masculinity, women of their femininity.
Sex refers to biological distinction between females and males.
Sex refers to the biological characteristics that distinguish males and females.
Sex releases the speed limit on evolution .
Sex releases the speed limit on evolution.
Sex relieves stress.
Sex relieves tension.
Sex remains a prime source of income.
Sex Remember, there are no right or wrong answers.
Sex represents one of the most important biological functions in life.
Sex requires an erection.
Sex requires meaningful context.
Sex runs a close second but it is money that takes the prize.
Sex seals the covenant of marriage .
Sex See celebrity sex action.
Sex See good hardcore sex in a threesome or twosome.
Sex seem to cater much more to a gay audience.
Sex seems more trouble than it's worth.
Sex seems to be a folly that leaves people feeling worse, and more lonely, than before.
Sex seems to be everywhere in our society-on television, in movies, in advertising.
Sex seems to be everywhere.
Sex seems to be ruled out.
Sex seems to be the key to the heart.
Sex seems to be the pastime.
Sex seems to fall into both categories, at least for some species.
Sex seems to pay off whenever uncertainty prevails for the next generation.
Sex seems to pervade everything in our society today.
Sex seems to promise so much.
Sex Select an option from the drop down box.
Sex sells - ask any marketroid.
Sex sells , it's a fact.
Sex sells . . .
Sex sells and money can but anything including love.
Sex sells and that is why it is everywhere.
Sex sells and women sell the most.
Sex sells cars.
Sex sells computers as well as beer.
Sex sells everything from prescription drugs to boat motors because people like sex .
Sex sells everything from soap to sitcoms.
Sex sells everything now.
Sex sells on television.
Sex sells on the Internet.
Sex sells plain and simple.
Sex sells professional football, professional wrestling, cars, perfume and of course lingerie.
Sex sells, and beautiful people sell.
Sex sells, and interests a lot of people, witness the current white house debacle.
Sex sells, and it sells for a reason.
Sex sells, and nowhere more boldly than in ads for booze and cigarettes.
Sex sells, and ratings are high.
Sex sells, as the common colloquialism goes.
Sex sells, baby.
Sex sells, but infrastructure pays the bills.
Sex sells, especially to teens with raging hormones.
Sex sells, even at the Cannes Film Festival, the most prestigious such event in the world.
Sex sells, no matter the medium.
Sex sells, period.
Sex sells, so they show it.
Sex sells, that's no secret.
Sex sells, then as now, and humor can sometimes disarm prejudice.
Sex sells, there's no doubt about it.
Sex sells, they say.
Sex serves a lot of purposes, more than simply making sure there is a next generation.
Sex serves a very important function in the state.
Sex serves as a metaphor for self knowledge.
Sex Show up-sell.
Sex sluts porno bikini.
Sex spells the future of art.
Sex spreads it.
Sex still comes with no guarantees.
Sex still sells.
Sex strengthens our love for each other.
Sex strips away identities it take a lifetime to build.
Sex supplies the stakes.
Sex symbolizes the love between husband and wife and the strength of their unity to each other.
Sex Take a bath and get in the mood.
Sex takes a great deal of energy.
Sex takes precedence over sleep, no matter what.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
Sex Talking about sex and birth control is hard to do.
Sex tends to breed deeper sexual relationships and many conflicts.
Sex then replenishes the primal sex drives.
Sex then takes on the value of love and is elevated in importance.
Sex therefore is intercourse between heterosexuals who want to make a baby.
Sex throws a big hard bone into the dogpen of friendship.
Sex throws the ratchet in reverse.
Sex thus becomes one of the powerful engines which drives the capitalist economy.
Sex too is a battle.
Sex too seems to interest most people.
Sex turns in to a series of quadradic equations, flesh becomes spectral.
Sex turns out to be a lot more fun way to make people than cloning.
Sex works as a primary bonding agent in families and the family is the building block of society.
Sex works as a stress reliever for some, and goes out the window for others under stress.
Sex works better.
Sex writes poetry.
Sexes appear similar, but females are often slightly larger.
Sexes are about equally represented.
Sexes are alike but juveniles duller.
Sexes are alike in plumage and size.
Sexes are alike in plumage, blackish above with white below.
Sexes are alike in plummage, though females are usually larger than males.
Sexes are alike, but the females are somewhat smaller.
Sexes are alike, female slightly larger, but size very variable.
Sexes are alike, females average just a bit larger than males.
Sexes are alike.
Sexes are colored and marked alike.
Sexes are difficult to determine in young iguanas.
Sexes are dimorphic.
Sexes are equal in size.
Sexes are externally similar.
Sexes are generally separate.
Sexes are hard to tell apart.
Sexes are identical.
Sexes are in equal proportion.
Sexes are in separate heads but both sexes on the same plant.
Sexes are mostly separate in sea anemones and their relatives.
Sexes are nearly indistinguishable in the field.
Sexes are of similar size.
Sexes are pooled.
Sexes are separate and fertilization is external.
Sexes are separate and fertilization is internal.
Sexes are separate and sexual dimorphism is well distinct.
Sexes are separate in amphipods.
Sexes are separate in hydrozoans, as in all cnidarians.
Sexes are separate in some other plants.
Sexes are separate throughout the life cycle in most species of nematodes.
Sexes are separate with external fertilization.
Sexes are separate, and brittle stars tend to spawn at the end of the summer.
Sexes are separate, but hermaphroditic adults can be found.
Sexes are separate, but there is no external distinction.
Sexes are separate, dimorphic.
Sexes are separate, with external fertilization.
Sexes are separate.
Sexes are separated both physically and visually, except for mating.
Sexes are similar .
Sexes are similar although females are smaller.
Sexes are similar and young are like adults.
Sexes are similar in appearance, but the female woodcock is slightly larger than the male.
Sexes are similar in appearance, except for the fourth pair of legs.
Sexes are similar in appearance, though males are slightly larger.
Sexes are similar in appearance.
Sexes are similar in color with the female more brightly colored than the male.
Sexes are similar in plumage.
Sexes are similar with females being larger.
Sexes are similar with small head and long, white-trimmed, tapered tail.
Sexes are similar with the male larger.
Sexes are similar, although female is usually larger.
Sexes are similar, although females tend to be larger and more heavily marked.
Sexes are similar, although the female is larger than the male.
Sexes are similar, but juveniles are a duller version of the adult.
Sexes are similar, but the female lacks the male's small red patch on the back of the head.
Sexes are similar, but the male is slightly larger.
Sexes are similar, with females larger.
Sexes are similar.
Sexes are the same size.
Sexes are unknown.
Sexes are unlike.
Sexes are usually alike.
Sexes are very similar in appearance, though the males are slightly larger.
Sexes are very similar in appearance.
Sexes are, of course, segregated and a surprising amount of modesty prevails.
Sexes associate only for mating purposes.
Sexes begin to square off for the showdown.
Sexes differ morphologically.
Sexes forage separately with the male preferring the smaller branches and the upper canopy layers.
Sexes freely mix in large herds throughout the year in open, agricultural environments.
Sexes have the same plumage but females are larger.
Sexes look alike, and both parents, as well as older siblings, cooperate to raise two to five young.
Sexes look nearly identical, although males are larger and have more iridescence on their neck.
Sexes look similar but the female is usually slightly larger.
Sex always comes before Work with dictionaries.
Sex always ends in, like, kids or disease or relationships.
Sex always equals death.
Sex always makes for great entertainment.
Sex always sells .
Sex always sells.
Sex always works.
Sex often becomes a weapon of anger instead of the expression of shared love in a marriage.
Sex often becomes a year-long preoccupation instead of a seasonal madness.
Sex often becomes painful.
Sex often depends upon the right time and the right atmosphere.
Sex Often dificult to score and can be somewhat disappointing.
Sex often diminishes after marriage.
Sex often leads to babies.
Sexes often segregate, and only come together to mate.
Sexes usually are separate and fertilization is external.
All sex carries some risk of pregnancy.
All sex does.
All sex has both an inner and outer expression.
All sex is punishable by death.
All sex takes place in the vehicle in a nearby off-road parking site.
All sexes welcome.
Any sex is good to pretty young studs in a video.
More sex is always good.
Most sex has appearances.
Most sex has differences.
Most sex has different appearances.
Most sex has impact.
Most sex has significant impact.
Most sex reaches maturity.
Most sex reaches reproductive maturity.
Most sex reaches sexual maturity.
Some sex becomes mainstreams.
Some sex has anal glands.
Some sex has big horns.
Some sex has bright orange legs.
Some sex has fringes.
Some sex has glands.
Some sex has horns.
Some sex has legs.
Some sex has long legs.
Some sex has prominent horns.
Some sex has scent glands.
Some sex has sharp horns.
Some sex has sharp point horns.
Some sex has spiral horns.
Some sex has stripes.
Some sex has tips.
Some sex has vertical stripes.
Some sex has white stripes.
Some sex is safer than others.
Some sex shows differences.
Some sex shows similarity.
Sexed semen is semen that contains only all male or all female sperm.
Sexism appears to be alive and well.
Sexism can occur at home, in the work place, or out in any other public area.
Sexism compounds racism and xenophobia for women.
Sexism crosses over race and class lines, and is one our oldest societal wrongs.
Sexism exists here, but who cares.
Sexism extends to all women, but black women are further subjugated by their color.
Sexism is a far more complicated process than men oppressing women at every turn.
Sexism is a form of violence.
Sexism is a natural part of it.
Sexism is a part of all our lives.
Sexism is a political issue today.
Sexism is a sin.
Sexism is a two edged sword, and boys also pay a price.
Sexism is a two-edged sword, and boys also pay a price.
Sexism is alive and well, particularly in diplomacy's higher stratosphere.
Sexism is also a factor on the web.
Sexism is another interesting topic.
Sexism is as evil as the bigotry of racism, classism, or ageism.
Sexism is bad enough without the women participating.
Sexism is bad.
Sexism is based on gender while racism is based on color.
Sexism is connected to homophobia.
Sexism is discrimination
Sexism is discrimination.
Sexism is eroticised.
Sexism is everywhere in today s society.
Sexism is everywhere, including our schools.
Sexism is in full retreat.
Sexism is in, while sex is out, except between a legally married man and woman.
Sexism is just one of the generalised forms of prejudice that projection can take.
Sexism is located in religion.
Sexism is most evident in the employment status of women.
Sexism is much more than a matter of hurt feelings and glass ceilings.
Sexism is often so pervasive that it seems natural.
Sexism is pervasive in our society.
Sexism is prejudice or discrimination based on gender.
Sexism is so ingrained, people use it to defend sexism.
Sexism is something that can be gotten rid of, to a large extent, if it's worked on.
Sexism is still alive and thriving today.
Sexism is still strong in the military.
Sexism is still the norm in Japan and women are often judged on their appearance.
Sexism is structural.
Sexism is the belief that one sex is better than the other.
Sexism is the extra layer on top of the oppression of young people.
Sexism is the mistreatment of one person by another, based solely on their gender.
Sexism is the systematic oppression and exploitation of humans on the basis of their gender.
Sexism is ugly here, and rampant.
Sexism is unique.
Sexism is wrong.
Sexism makes sisters feel passive, guilty, ashamed.
Sexism occurs when one assign characteristics to other based on their sex.
Sexism plays a role.
Sexism remains acute, just like in the real world.
Sexism remains am obstacle to wmen's equality.
Sexism remains in our society.
Sexism still exists in higher education.
Sexism still exists, but feminism changed the world forever.
Sexism takes many forms, including the idealization of women.
Sexism tries to impose dominant-submissive roles according to gender.
Sexist advertising is pass .
Sexist anarchists do exist, but only by virtue of directly contradicting their own anarchism.
Sexist assumptions can be insidious.
Sexist bias defines masculine as strong, aggressive and independent.
Sexist language can creep into a sentence in many different ways.
Sexist language is biased language that perpetuates stereotypes about gender.
Sexist language is to be avoided.
Sexist men see women as objects, things, to be admired, possessed, and used.
Many sexist questions mask a legitimate concern.
Sexist slurs are popular tools, especially among adolescent males and abusive men.
Sexist words lack the fragrance of a rose, but they do have thorns.
A sexist is an antifeminist
Sexists violate the principle of equality by favoring the interests of their own sex.
Sexless marriages are all about husbands listening to what their wives are saying.
Sexless people transmits nothing.
Sexless procreation is already a reality with in vitro fertilization.
A sextant is an unit
Sextant isa measuring device.
Sextant requires sun shot.
Sextants have (part) sections.
Some sextants have antique finish.
Some sextants have black finish.
A sextet is a piece
Sextet do an opening set.
Sextet is for piano and five wind instruments.
A sexton is a caretaker
A sexton is a church officer
Sextons are responsible for the maintenance of the cemetery.
Sextons plan to send notices to the last known plot owner and resell any remaining plots.
A sextuplet is a figure
Sextuplets are almost unheard of.
Sextuplets are also kosher.
Sexual abnormality is worse.
Sexual abstinence is advised until symptoms improve and partners are treated.
Sexual abstinence is advised until symptoms improve.
Sexual abstinence is an honored religious tradition.
Sexual abstinence is an option that can be used at any time.
Sexual abstinence is possible.
Sexual abstinence is required until the infection is confirmed cured.
Sexual abstinence is the safest way to prevent the spread of genital warts.
Sexual abstinence requires planning, commitment, and skill in being assertive.
Sexual abuse affects every facet of someone's life.
Sexual abuse affects the learning ability of the victim and the classroom environment.
Sexual abuse affects the whole family.
Sexual abuse arouses feelings of shame and humiliation in children.
Sexual abuse can also be emotional.
Sexual abuse can also involve children in pornography.
Sexual abuse can also lead to changes in behavior.
Sexual abuse can be an isolated or a recurrent event.
Sexual abuse can be anything from inappropriate touching to stalking to penetration.
Sexual abuse can be physical, emotional and verbal.
Sexual abuse can be verbal and emotional as well as physical.
Sexual abuse can bring devastating trauma if left unattended.
Sexual abuse can cause serious medical and psychological harm to the child.
Sexual abuse can cause serious, often chronic problems with sex and intimacy.
Sexual abuse can cause sexual problems for both men and women.
Sexual abuse can destroy trust and warp the victim's perception of a normal, loving relationship.
Sexual abuse can happen to either girls or boys.
Sexual abuse can have severe consequences on the mental development of a children.
Sexual abuse can involve varying degrees of violence and emotional trauma.
Sexual abuse can lead to shattered families, crime and other problems.
Sexual abuse can occur both within and outside the family.
Sexual abuse can take many different forms.
Sexual abuse can take many forms besides non-consensual sex.
Sexual abuse does emotional harm to children.
Sexual abuse elevates the risk of adolescent pregnancy.
Sexual abuse entails an adult fondling or having sex with a young child.
Sexual abuse happens in all races, ethnic groups, socio-economic groups, ages, and neighborhoods.
Sexual abuse happens in all socioeconomic strata, in all cultures and within every ethnic grouping.
Sexual abuse happens only to girls.
Sexual abuse happens over a period of time.
Sexual abuse happens to both boys and girls.
Sexual abuse happens to children and teenagers of every class, culture, race, religion.
Sexual abuse happens to many women, children and men daily.
Sexual abuse happens, even in Christian homes.
Sexual abuse has many negative consequences for the child, family and all involved.
Sexual abuse has no race, ethnic, economic or religious boundaries.
Sexual abuse impacts it's survivor's life forever.
Sexual abuse impacts on both physiological and psychological functioning.
Sexual abuse includes a wide range of sexual activities that are forced upon someone.
Sexual abuse includes any forced sexual activity.
Sexual abuse includes nontouching, touching, and sexual exploitation.
Sexual abuse includes rape or incest.
Sexual abuse includes sex experiences of intense pleasure in the wrong context.
Sexual abuse includes sexual activity, abuse or exploitation, including rape and incest.
Sexual abuse includes threatened sexual abuse.
Sexual abuse includes threatening sexual abuse.
Sexual abuse includes touching and nontouching offenses.
Sexual abuse increases risk of both disease transmission and teen pregnancy.
Sexual abuse increases teenage risk-taking and, thus pregnancy.
Sexual abuse involves a wide variety of experiences.
Sexual abuse involves our pleasure zones.
Sexual abuse is a crime that scars both genders.
Sexual abuse is a cycle.
Sexual abuse is a devastating experience for children and their non-abusing relatives.
Sexual abuse is a difficult area for many to deal with.
Sexual abuse is a fact in our society.
Sexual abuse is a highly charged, polarizing, and prominent social issue.
Sexual abuse is a horror and curse that is unbelievably common in our society.
Sexual abuse is a key factor in homosexuality.
Sexual abuse is a leading cause of sexual functioning problems.
Sexual abuse is a part of the pattern of life in many families and communities.
Sexual abuse is a particular expression of potential life trauma.
Sexual abuse is a problem that can affect all members of a community.
Sexual abuse is a rare occurrence.
Sexual abuse is a real and undeniable problem, but so are false accusations.
Sexual abuse is a widespread problem in our society.
Sexual abuse is about domination, control and humiliating the victim.
Sexual abuse is about power.
Sexual abuse is abuse that usually starts in childhood by a parent or other trusted adult.
Sexual abuse is against the law in Canada.
Sexual abuse is against the law.
Sexual abuse is also difficult to identify.
Sexual abuse is always difficult to talk about.
Sexual abuse is an act of power.
Sexual abuse is an attack on one's body and soul.
Sexual abuse is an extremely difficult and damaging experience.
Sexual abuse is another.
Sexual abuse is any behavior imposed on a juvenile.
Sexual abuse is any form of non-consensual physical contact.
Sexual abuse is any form of sexual contact or implied sexual contact between an adult and a child.
Sexual abuse is any kind of nonconsensual sexual contact of any kind.
Sexual abuse is any misuse of a child for sexual pleasure or gratification.
Sexual abuse is any sexual act involving a child and an adult, teenager, or older child.
Sexual abuse is any sexual act or exploitation against an individual.
Sexual abuse is any sexual activity between an adult and a child.
Sexual abuse is any touching of the child's genitals by an adult perpetrator.
Sexual abuse is any unwanted sexual contact.
Sexual abuse is any unwanted sexual touching or intercourse.
Sexual abuse is attempted or actual unwanted sexual activity, such as sexual touching and fondling.
Sexual abuse is avoidable.
Sexual abuse is crime
Sexual abuse is defined as any sexual activity between an adult and a child.
Sexual abuse is defined as any unwanted sexual intimacy forced on one individual by another.
Sexual abuse is devastating.
Sexual abuse is done most often by someone known to the child.
Sexual abuse is essentially sexual assault but over a prolonged period of time.
Sexual abuse is everywhere.
Sexual abuse is extremely difficult for victims and caretakers to talk about.
Sexual abuse is extremely harmful to the emotional and physical stability and anyone.
Sexual abuse is forced participation in any type of sexual activity.
Sexual abuse is fundamentally an abuse of power.
Sexual abuse is horrendous.
Sexual abuse is more difficult to document unless it is combined with physical abuse.
Sexual abuse is more overt in forced, unwilling sexual acts, which often go unreported.
Sexual abuse is neither pleasant nor easy to discuss.
Sexual abuse is never the child's fault.
Sexual abuse is never the victim's fault.
Sexual abuse is nonconsensual sexual contact of any kind with an elderly person.
Sexual abuse is nonconsensual sexual contact.
Sexual abuse is on the increase in the whole region, often perpetrated by foreign nationals.
Sexual abuse is one of the worst crimes.
Sexual abuse is particularly devastating as it incorporates all of the abuse.
Sexual abuse is quite different.
Sexual abuse is reportable to child protective services.
Sexual abuse is sexual actions done without one's partner's consent.
Sexual abuse is so common that it too is beguiling to seem almost normal to some people.
Sexual abuse is something that can happen in gay male or in lesbian relationships.
Sexual abuse is the common lot for female slaves.
Sexual abuse is the fault of the abuser.
Sexual abuse is the form of abuse about which nonprofits are usually most concerned.
Sexual abuse is the infliction of non-consensual sexual contact of any kind.
Sexual abuse is the most prominent factor.
Sexual abuse is the second most commonly reported form of child abuse.
Sexual abuse is the ultimate act of taking control of another's body and spirit.
Sexual abuse is the use of a child for sexual gratification.
Sexual abuse is traumatic.
Sexual abuse is widespread.
Sexual abuse leaves a legacy.
Sexual abuse makes up three-fourths of all crimes against children.
Sexual abuse means any forced sexual activity.
Sexual abuse occurs among all groups of the population.
Sexual abuse occurs in all parts of society.
Sexual abuse occurs in the home, in communities and across societies.
Sexual abuse occurs most often in the child's own home.
Sexual abuse occurs mostly among lower socioeconomic groups.
Sexual abuse occurs when a parent uses a child for sexual gratification.
Sexual abuse produces many effects.
Sexual abuse takes away the victim's power and control.
All sexual abuse are criminal offence.
Most sexual abuse is committed by strangers.
Sexual abusers can be anyone, male or female, although most abusers are men.
Sexual abusers can make a child extremely fearful of telling anyone about the abuse.
Sexual abusers can stop abusing children if they get appropriate treatment.
Sexual abusers come from all socioeconomic and educational levels.
Sexual abusers have good prospects for recovery when properly treated.
Sexual acts are a choice, but desire simply exists.
Sexual acts are, of course, pleasurable.
Sexual acts arise from conventional com mitment of the husband and wife toward each other.
Any sexual act involving a minor by an adult is wrong.
Any sexual act is fine as long as all the parties to it consent.
Every sexual act is aggressive.
A sexual activity is an activity
Sexual activities are located in bedrooms.
Sexual activities are physical events.
Sexual activities fall on a continum from high risk to risk-free.
Sexual activities span entire active periods.
Sexual activities span entire periods.
Sexual activities span periods.
Sexual activity becomes addiction when it is unmanageable.
Sexual activity begins at an early age.
Sexual activity begins early for many teens.
Sexual activity can be a factor in transmission of UTIs.
Sexual activity can be dangerous for the elderly.
Sexual activity can lower blood pressure and overall stress levels, regardless of age.
Sexual activity can occur in the shower.
Sexual activity can stimulate vaginal secretions.
Sexual activity carries very real consequences.
Sexual activity continues for about a month.
Sexual activity decreases.
Sexual activity improves blood circulation in the vagina , which helps maintain the tissue.
Sexual activity includes vaginal, anal, and oral sex.
Sexual activity increases.
Sexual activity influences the secretion of reproductive hormones in the stallion.
Sexual activity involving consenting adults violates the rights of no other person.
Sexual activity is a choice between two consenting adults.
Sexual activity is a choice.
Sexual activity is a marital duty for mutual fulfillment.
Sexual activity is a matter of pride and is seen as a sign of strength.
Sexual activity is a risk factor for the disease, as is immune suppression.
Sexual activity is a very personal thing.
Sexual activity is accompanied by high rates of adolescent pregnancy and parenthood.
Sexual activity is also on the rise.
Sexual activity is always to be taken seriously.
Sexual activity is another matter.
Sexual activity is another technique used to help with chronic pain.
Sexual activity is another thing that sometimes predisposes to infections.
Sexual activity is based in marriage for the purposes of mutual love and procreation.
Sexual activity is cautioned in patients who have low blood counts.
Sexual activity is concentrated in a period of estrus close to the time of ovulation.
Sexual activity is different.
Sexual activity is exclusive.
Sexual activity is forbidden.
Sexual activity is free to occur without interruption or time limits.
Sexual activity is heightened by constant exposure to sexually stimulating media and dress.
Sexual activity is initiated at earlier ages.
Sexual activity is just one such way to convey love.
Sexual activity is limited to married couples, and extramarital sex is forbidden.
Sexual activity is natural.
Sexual activity is OK from two weeks onward, again as dictated by comfort level.
Sexual activity is one of the ways that people can show romantic love for each other.
Sexual activity is spread out.
Sexual activity is steeped in spirituality and mysticism.
Sexual activity is the basis for reproduction and also an expression of intimacy and pleasure.
Sexual activity is the hardest to translate.
Sexual activity is, it seems, as old as the hills.
Sexual activity promotes circulation in the vaginal area, which helps it stay moist.
Sexual activity s rightful place is only in the committed love of marriage.
Sexual activity seems to be a predominant factor.
Sexual activity stops.
All sexual activity is related to voyeurism for a person with the most severe form.
All sexual activity is terminal hedonism.
Many sexual activities are almost always safe without having to take any special precautions.
Most sexual activities span entire active periods.
Most sexual activities span entire periods.
Most sexual activities span periods.
Some sexual activities are much safer than others, though.
Some sexual activities carry no risk infection.
Some sexual activities provide pleasure.
Sexual adaptation precedes social adaptation.
Sexual addicts become preoccupied or obsessed with the goal of participating in sexual behaviors.
Sexual addicts make sex a priority more important than family, friends, and work.
Sexual addiction can also have adverse health consequences.
Sexual addiction can be progressive in nature.
Sexual addiction follows the same progressive nature of other addictions.
Sexual addiction gives a destructive turn to normal, life-enhancing activity.
Sexual addiction has progressive features.
Sexual addiction is a major problem in the ministry.
Sexual addiction is a problem that is hard to stop without professional help.
Sexual addiction is a search for connection.
Sexual addiction is a very destructive activity.
Sexual addiction is a. self-medication for pain through the release of endorphins.
Sexual addiction is an illness.
Sexual addiction is behavior that is out of control and compulsive.
Sexual addiction is much more defined and cyclic.
Sexual addiction is no longer just a problem in American society.
Sexual addiction is repetitive, uncontrollable sexual activity of any kind.
Sexual addictions are out of control today.
Sexual addition is pandemic among youth .
Sexual affairs are sexual affairs are sexual affairs.
Sexual affairs seem to have been almost commonplace in the history of the presidency.
Sexual aggression is the same thing as rape.
Sexual amorality is only part of it.
Sexual anatomy Learn about the antomy of the sexual and reproductive system.
Sexual anatomy varies as much as facial features differ from one person to another.
Sexual animals are said to be adaptable and quick to change.
Most sexual animals have two sets, one each from the mother and father.
Sexual annoyance includes sexual harassment by an employee against a co-employee.
Sexual appetite can change too.
Sexual arousal begins in the brain .
Sexual arousal begins internally.
Sexual arousal causes erections.
Sexual arousal depends on a host of physical and psychological factors.
Sexual arousal depends on hormones .
Sexual arousal depends on hormones.
Sexual arousal ignites central nervous system activity, sparking numerous changes in the body.
Sexual arousal increases blood flow to the vagina.
Sexual arousal is a relaxation response.
Sexual arousal is an altered state of consciousness, but it's a normal, healthy altered state.
Sexual arousal is arousal
Sexual arousal is arousal.
Sexual arousal is different in older men and women than it is in younger people.
Sexual arousal is emotion.
Sexual arousal is primarily a vasodilation response.
Sexual arousal occurs more slowly with age and orgasm takes longer.
Sexual arousal plays a key role in promoting sexual satisfaction.
Sexual arousal produces some natural lubrication by increasing blood flow to the vagina.
Sexual arousal tends to follow emotional loving feelings.
A sexual assault is crime
Sexual assault affects everyone's life in one way or another, either directly or indirectly.
Sexual assault affects people in different ways.
Sexual assault affects the entire community.
Sexual assault can also be traumatic for.
Sexual assault can also include the use of a position or power of influence over another person.
Sexual assault can be a method of homophobic violence.
Sexual assault can be extremely traumatic and life-changing.
Sexual assault can happen anywhere, anytime.
Sexual assault can happen anywhere.
Sexual assault can happen anywhere-in a residence hall, for instance, or a classroom.
Sexual assault can happen in lesbian and gay relationships.
Sexual assault can happen to a child or adult, male or female, gay, lesbian, bisexual or straight.
Sexual assault can happen to a child or adult, male or female, gay, lesbiasn, bisexual or straight.
Sexual assault can happen to anyone - men, women and children.
Sexual assault can happen to anyone, anywhere, at any time.
Sexual assault can happen to anyone, at anytime, anywhere.
Sexual assault can happen to anyone.
Sexual assault can have a significant psychological and emotional impact on a victim.
Sexual assault can have serious effects on women's health and well-being.
Sexual assault can occur anytime, anyplace.
Sexual assault can occur anywhere.
Sexual assault can occur between parties who are married.
Sexual assault can occur between people who are married.
Sexual assault can occur between persons in dating or sexual relationships, including marriage.
Sexual assault can produce agonizing trauma for victims and survivors.
Sexual assault can range from voyeurism and public indecency to rape.
Sexual assault can take place between individuals who know each other or between strangers.
Sexual assault continues to be a significant problem throughout our country.
Sexual assault continues to represent the most rapidly growing violent crime in America.
Sexual assault creates a crisis for loved ones as well as for victims.
Sexual assault cuts across lines of race, sex, class, age and background.
Sexual assault destroys the victim's sense of personal safety.
Sexual assault files Open, with identity of victim masked.
Sexual assault happens in every zip code.
Sexual assault happens most often between people who know each other.
Sexual assault happens only at the hands of a stranger in a dark alley at night.
Sexual assault happens only to young children.
Sexual assault happens to both males and females.
Sexual assault happens to boys, girls, men and women of all ages, races and cultural backgrounds.
Sexual assault happens to men and women by acquaintances, dates, strangers, and family members.
Sexual assault happens to men as well as women.
Sexual assault happens to women, men, and children.
Sexual assault has a profound impact on our culture.
Sexual assault has life long impacts on victims, their families and friends, and our society.
Sexual assault has no boundaries.
Sexual assault has such a devastating effect on women and their families.
Sexual assault impedes the personal and academic development of everyone in our community.
Sexual assault includes a wide range of sexual acts.
Sexual assault includes any physical sexual contact with a person who is unable to consent.
Sexual assault includes any unwanted sexual contact.
Sexual assault includes child sexual abuse, rape, incest and ritual abuse.
Sexual assault includes rape or any other forced, unwanted sexual contact.
Sexual assault includes touching or fondling without consent.
Sexual assault includes unwanted fondling, forced kissing and forced intercourse.
Sexual assault is a broader term than rape.
Sexual assault is a brutal act of violence and a misuse of power.
Sexual assault is a brutal and violent act.
Sexual assault is a class C felony.
Sexual assault is a community issue.
Sexual assault is a community problem and a community responsibility.
Sexual assault is a concern for both men and women, and a risk for people of all ages.
Sexual assault is a concern for most women in today's world.
Sexual assault is a concrete human experience that is coupled with real suffering.
Sexual assault is a crime .
Sexual assault is a crime against another person.
Sexual assault is a crime and a very serious crime.
Sexual assault is a crime and is treated as such.
Sexual assault is a crime of aggression and violence.
Sexual assault is a crime of passion and lust.
Sexual assault is a crime of power and control.
Sexual assault is a crime of the second degree or felony.
Sexual assault is a crime of the second degree.
Sexual assault is a crime of varying degrees.
Sexual assault is a crime of violence in which sex is used to overpower and intimidate the victim.
Sexual assault is a crime of violence that knows no age limit.
Sexual assault is a crime of violence, power, and control.
Sexual assault is a crime of violence, used to control and dominate through sex.
Sexual assault is a crime of violence.
Sexual assault is a crime problem that is increasing in North America.
Sexual assault is a crime punishable by both civil and criminal legal action.
Sexual assault is a crime that endangers the health and lives of youth at alarmingly high levels.
Sexual assault is a crime that is increasing at an alarming rate.
Sexual assault is a crime that robs victims of their internal safety and trust.
Sexual assault is a crime under the Criminal Code, explains Stamp.
Sexual assault is a crime where sex is being used as a weapon to humiliate and hurt someone else.
Sexual assault is a crime, committed by a criminal, against an innocent survivor.
Sexual assault is a crime, used by one person to control and humiliate another.
Sexual assault is a crime.
Sexual assault is a criminal act carrying a penalty of varying degrees.
Sexual assault is a criminal act that can be prosecuted under Minnesota state law.
Sexual assault is a criminal offence.
Sexual assault is a criminal offense and a violation of the Student Code of Conduct.
Sexual assault is a difficult experience.
Sexual assault is a fear that every woman has.
Sexual assault is a felony.
Sexual assault is a form of sexual harassment and is also a violation of the criminal code.
Sexual assault is a form of sexual harassment.
Sexual assault is a frightening and traumatic experience.
Sexual assault is a fundamental violation of an individual.
Sexual assault is a fundamental violation.
Sexual assault is a general term which covers a range of crimes including rape.
Sexual assault is a general term which covers a range of crimes, including rape and sexual battery.
Sexual assault is a growing concern for most women in today's world.
Sexual assault is a heavy, intense issue.
Sexual assault is a horrific and traumatic crime.
Sexual assault is a horrifying reality.
Sexual assault is a lesser included offense to gross sexual imposition.
Sexual assault is a particularly serious form of sexual misconduct.
Sexual assault is a personal violation and is likely the most difficult crime to take to trial.
Sexual assault is a perversion of the most intimate of physical acts.
Sexual assault is a prominent issue throughout the country.
Sexual assault is a relatively new, but very serious problem.
Sexual assault is a reportable offense.
Sexual assault is a serious and violent crime.
Sexual assault is a serious crime.
Sexual assault is a serious problem in our society.
Sexual assault is a serious violent crime.
Sexual assault is a spontaneous, impulsive act.
Sexual assault is a term used to describe any act of a sexual nature done without consent.
Sexual assault is a terrible experience for the victim and for the victims friends and family.
Sexual assault is a topic addressed during orientation programs.
Sexual assault is a topic also addressed during orientation programs.
Sexual assault is a traumatic event for the victim and significant others.
Sexual assault is a traumatic experience for the victim.
Sexual assault is a traumatic experience, and it is recommended that victims seek counseling.
Sexual assault is a university offense under the University Code of Student Conduct.
Sexual assault is a very common experience for many people.
Sexual assault is a very serious form of sexual harassment.
Sexual assault is a very traumatic experience.
Sexual assault is a violation of the joint sexual misconduct policy.
Sexual assault is a violent abuse of power.
Sexual assault is a violent crime affecting all ages, races, cultures and economic classes.
Sexual assault is a violent crime and is often premeditated.
Sexual assault is a violent crime, a hostile attack, an attempt to hurt and humiliate.
Sexual assault is against the law .
Sexual assault is also a crime as defined by the Arkansas Criminal Code.
Sexual assault is also a crime, defined by the Arkansas criminal code.
Sexual assault is also when someone is forced or tricked into sexual contact.
Sexual assault is always a risk.
Sexual assault is among the primary offenses listed.
Sexual assault is an abominable violation that unfortunately plagues our society.
Sexual assault is an abuse of power.
Sexual assault is an act driven by sexual desire.
Sexual assault is an act of aggression and a profoundly serious violation of person and community.
Sexual assault is an act of aggression designed to humiliate, instill fear and dominate.
Sexual assault is an act of aggression on and a violation of a person's body and mind.
Sexual assault is an act of power.
Sexual assault is an act of violence , control and domination.
Sexual assault is an act of violence against another person and is always illegal and immoral.
Sexual assault is an act of violence, and a crime.
Sexual assault is an act of violence.
Sexual assault is an act that breaks a person's trust or safety and is sexual in nature.
Sexual assault is an attack of a sexual nature, which includes sexual touching or rape.
Sexual assault is an attack on body, mind, and spirit.
Sexual assault is an attempt to assert power and anger.
Sexual assault is an enormous problem on college campuses.
Sexual assault is an equally serious problem in Wichita county.
Sexual assault is an expression of hostility, aggression and dominance.
Sexual assault is an extreme form of sexual harassment.
Sexual assault is an impulsive and uncontrollable act.
Sexual assault is an impulsive, spontaneous act.
Sexual assault is an invasion of a person's body and mind.
Sexual assault is an issue that affects both women and men of all ages.
Sexual assault is an issue that is widely misunderstood.
Sexual assault is an obvious example of sexual harassment.
Sexual assault is another name for rape, incest, or sexual abuse.
Sexual assault is any forced or coerced sexual intercourse or contact.
Sexual assault is any non-consensual sexual act which is forced by one or more persons upon another.
Sexual assault is any sexual act committed against a person without that person's consent.
Sexual assault is any sexual behaviour that is unwanted, unwelcome or uninvited.
Sexual assault is any unwanted act of a sexual nature imposed by one person upon another.
Sexual assault is any unwanted act of sexual nature imposed by one person upon another.
Sexual assault is any unwanted sexual act imposed on one person by another.
Sexual assault is any unwanted sexual act.
Sexual assault is any unwanted sexual contact - even if the victim involved has consented before.
Sexual assault is any unwanted sexual contact or attention.
Sexual assault is any unwanted sexual contact.
Sexual assault is as much of a men's issue as it is a women's issue.
Sexual assault is bad.
Sexual assault is committed by strangers and, more often, acquaintances, friends or relatives.
Sexual assault is considered first-degree sexual abuse under Iowa law.
Sexual assault is defined as any form of unwanted sexual contact.
Sexual assault is defined as any sexual act that is perpetrated without consent of the victim.
Sexual assault is defined as any sexual activity forced upon one person by another.
Sexual assault is defined as engaging or attempting to engage in unwanted sexual activity.
Sexual assault is defined as the forcing of a person to engage in any sexual act.
Sexual assault is extremely difficult to deal with in isolation.
Sexual assault is extremely traumatic and life-changing.
Sexual assault is forced, manipulated or coerced sexual activity.
Sexual assault is forced, manipulated, or coerced sexual activity.
Sexual assault is handled solely by the police and criminal courts.
Sexual assault is humiliating and embarrassing.
Sexual assault is illegal.
Sexual assault is known to be a crime of violence and hostility.
Sexual assault is more about power and control than sex.
Sexual assault is more prevalent than people think.
Sexual assault is mostly interracial.
Sexual assault is never the fault of the survivor.
Sexual assault is never the fault of the victim, no matter what the situation.
Sexual assault is never the fault of the victim.
Sexual assault is never the survivor's fault.
Sexual assault is now a private matter.
Sexual assault is probably the only crime where the victim is perceived as guilty as the offender.
Sexual assault is punishable by penalties ranging from probation to dismissal.
Sexual assault is purely a crime of violence.
Sexual assault is rare.
Sexual assault is sex without consent.
Sexual assault is sexual contact without the victim's consent.
Sexual assault is simply an assault that takes place in circumstances which suggest a sexual motive.
Sexual assault is the forgotten violent crime.
Sexual assault is the leading cause of suicide in confinement.
Sexual assault is the legal term used in New Jersey to refer to nonconsensual sexual contact.
Sexual assault is the most committed, and least reported of all violent crime.
Sexual assault is the most common, most serious violent crime occurring on our campus.
Sexual assault is the most frequently committed violent crime in the United States.
Sexual assault is the second most common violent crime committed on college campuses.
Sexual assault is the touching of another person in a sexually aggressive manner without consent.
Sexual assault is traumatic and can have lasting effects throughout life.
Sexual assault is traumatic enough without an unwanted pregnancy involved.
Sexual assault is tremendously under reported.
Sexual assault is usually a life altering experience.
Sexual assault is, unfortunately, a much to frequent part of women's lives.
Sexual assault Let's be honest.
Sexual assault occurs between strangers, acquaintances, friends and even family members.
Sexual assault occurs in all age, racial and socioeconomic groups.
Sexual assault occurs in heterosexual, gay and lesbian relationships.
Sexual assault occurs most frequently when one, and commonly both, of the parties are drinking.
Sexual assault occurs on every campus across the United States.
Sexual assault occurs only among strangers.
Sexual assault refers to rape as well as other forms of forcible or non-forcible activity.
Sexual assault refers to sexual violence as it is defined by the study.
Sexual assault remains a problem in today's society.
Sexual assault remains an issue nationwide.
Sexual assault remains an ugly and unfortunate occurrence in our society.
Sexual assault robs a person of dignity and a sense of personal safety.
Sexual assault takes many forms.
Sexual assault transcends all boundaries.
Sexual assault victimizes members of all racial groups.
Sexual assault violates the Campus Security Act and criminal law.
Sexual assaults are acts of violence where sex is used as the weapon.
Sexual assaults are diseases.
Sexual assaults are especially likely to take place between acquaintances.
Sexual assaults are generally a very difficult crime for a victim to report.
Sexual assaults are highly corrosive of morale and unit cohesion.
Sexual assaults are less common than bulldogging in county jails.
Sexual assaults are more likely to occur after one or both individuals have consumed alcohol.
Sexual assaults are primarily crimes of opportunity.
Sexual assaults are the most difficult crimes to capture statistically, experts agree.
Sexual assaults are up.
Sexual assaults become increasingly more deviant and brutal with time.
Sexual assaults can and do occur in conjunction with other crimes such as burglary.
Sexual assaults can and do occur within marital relationships.
Sexual assaults can happen to anyone regardless of age, gender, or status.
Sexual assaults can include any inappropriate touching for the purpose of sexual gratification.
Sexual assaults can leave the victim exposed to sexually-transmitted diseases or pregnancy.
Sexual assaults can occur in different circumstances and locations on college campuses.
Sexual assaults can occur when the assailant is the same sex as the victim.
Sexual assaults go hand in hand with alcohol and the situations it creates.
Sexual assaults happen on dark streets and walkways.
Sexual assaults have repercussions on all levels of a person's boundary system.
Sexual assaults increase, and prostitution fees rise.
Sexual assaults involving the use of a psychoactive substance have their own issues and problems.
Sexual assaults occur between men and women, women and women, and men and men.
Sexual assaults occur in a variety of situations under a variety of conditions.
Sexual assaults occur most frequently in the summer months.
Sexual assaults result from perpetrators attempting to feel more powerful than their victims.
All sexual assault is an expression of power, hate, and control.
Any sexual assault can have serious effects on women's health and well-being.
Many sexual assaults occur in a victim's home.
Many sexual assaults occur when a rapist traps a person alone in a car.
Most sexual assault involves strangers attacking women.
Most sexual assaults are by people of one race assaulting people of another race.
Most sexual assaults are by perpetrators known to the victim.
Most sexual assaults are inter-racial.
Most sexual assaults are interracial.
Most sexual assaults involve either stranger rape or acquaintance rape.
Most sexual assaults involve people who know each other.
Most sexual assaults occur between people who know each other.
Most sexual assaults occur between two people who know one another.
Most sexual assaults occur in or around the victim's home.
Most sexual assaults occur in the victim's home.
Sexual attitudes follow a cycle, too.
Sexual attraction depends on many things, including the physical attributes of one's partner.
Sexual attraction has a lot to do with looks.
Sexual attraction involves both genetic and environmental components.
Sexual attraction is about appreciating the beauty of another in a humble way.
Sexual attraction is attraction
Sexual attraction is attraction.
Sexual attraction is complicated and filled with gray areas.
Sexual attraction is discussed as a mechanism for preserving the strongest gene pools.
Sexual attraction is easy.
Sexual attraction is interest as it is perceived on the physical level.
Sexual attraction is normal and is what leads people to marry etc.
Sexual attraction is one of the attachments that causes tension.
Sexual attraction is to be the fruit growing out of the first two levels.
Sexual attractions begin to develop and friendships form with members of the opposite sex.
Sexual autonomy is on the agenda now.
Sexual aversion is the probable diagnosis in lifelong cases.
Sexual awareness seems to come in stages and explanations deepen with age.
Sexual battery is a class A misdemeanor.
Sexual battery is a Class E felony.
Sexual battery is a crime of moral turpitude.
Sexual battery is a form of sexual assault.
Sexual battery is sexual contact by force between a defendant and a victim.
Sexual battery is the touching, feeling, or mauling of the body of another person without consent.
Sexual behavior appears to be influenced by learning and experience.
Sexual behavior can change from promiscuity to celibacy by religious teaching.
Sexual behavior can.
Sexual behavior involves sexual contact of genitals.
Sexual behavior involves the entire nervous systems of the participants.
Sexual behavior is a choice, and different people have different comfort levels.
Sexual behavior is a choice.
Sexual behavior is a crucial part of human behavior.
Sexual behavior is also a factor.
Sexual behavior is always a tough thing to regulate.
Sexual behavior is in our nature and is an integral part of being human beings.
Sexual behavior is influenced by the hypothalamus.
Sexual behavior is key to understanding how dragonfly species got to be the way they are.
Sexual behavior is predominant in bonobo life.
Sexual behavior occurs at time.
Sexual behavior plays a role in people's lives that goes beyond reproduction.
Sexual behavior shows true nature of the person really remarkably.
Most sexual behavior occurs at time.
Some sexual behavior has functions.
Some sexual behavior has important functions.
Some sexual behavior has important social functions.
Some sexual behavior has social functions.
Some sexual behavior includes pursuits.
Sexual beings are either unisexual or hermaphroditic.
Sexual betrayal is one of the most devastating experiences anyone can face.
Sexual bliss is a comprehensive experience.
Sexual bullying can include unwanted contact or rude personal comments.
Sexual bullying is characterized by unwanted physical contact or abusive comments.
Sexual cannibalism contradicts the traditional male-female relationship in terms of sexual conflict.
Sexual cannibalism involves females slaying and consuming males during courtship or copulation.
Sexual cannibalism offers a puzzling mixture of risks and benefits.
Sexual censorship is demanded only by small-minded ugly people.
Sexual censorship is political censorship.
Sexual changes can effect masculine identity.
Sexual chaos marks our modern society because the sexual boundaries of our past have been shaken.
Sexual characteristics contribute to differences.
Most sexual characteristics contribute to differences.
Sexual choices are for the individual to decide upon.
Sexual coercion can take place at any point in a woman's life.
Sexual coercion is a form of harassment with specific distinguishing characteristics.
Sexual coercion is a type of sexual assault.
Sexual coercion is known as quid pro qul sexual harassment in the United States.
Sexual coercion places many women at risk.
Some sexual coercion is against the law or violates school or workplace policies.
Sexual comfort begins early in the lives of most spontaneous and creative lovers.
Some sexual comments are humiliating and degrading.
Sexual communication is really important.
Sexual compatibility ensures outcrossing.
Sexual compatibility is determined by mating systems.
Sexual compatibility is extremely important in the satisfaction and happiness of a marriage.
Sexual competition results in favoritism and double standards that defeat cohesion.
Sexual compulsivity is about disconnecting from one's inner pain.
Sexual concerns can evolve slowly over years.
Sexual conduct becomes unlawful only when it is unwanted.
Sexual conduct becomes unlawful only when it is unwelcome.
Sexual conduct can include numerous types of sexual activities.
Sexual conduct seems to be the chief issue in discussions of morality.
Sexual conflict influences outcomes.
Sexual conflict is exhibited when males target other males through sperm competition.
Sexual conflict is present because a enhances female fitness but decreases male fitness.
Sexual conflict promotes speciation in insects.
A sexual congress is sex
Sexual congress can only happen in the context of man and woman in the contract of marriage.
Sexual contact allows the virus to spread.
Sexual contact can also spread the virus.
Sexual contact can also transmit the virus.
Sexual contact can be a good outlet for some people.
Sexual contact can mean vaginal intercourse, anal intercourse, oral sex, kissing and touching.
Sexual contact can occur over clothing.
Sexual contact includes any intentional touching of the victims sexual or intimate parts.
Sexual contact includes fondling or manipulating genitals, anus or female breast.
Sexual contact includes fondling or manipulating genitals, anus or the female breast.
Sexual contact includes fondling, touching intimate parts, and sexual intercourse.
Sexual contact includes vaginal, anal, and oral sex.
Sexual contact is a much more rare mode of transmission.
Sexual contact is a powerful force.
Sexual contact is a relatively inefficient mode of transmission.
Sexual contact is also a means of catching scabies.
Sexual contact is impossible, and as such it is endlessly pursued.
Sexual contact is just a more efficient means of bringing the sexual energy body into balance.
Sexual contact is the most common form of transmission.
Sexual contact is the most common means of transmission.
Sexual contact is the most common way people spread the infection.
Sexual contact is the most common way to transmit genital herpes.
Sexual content forms a continuum, from essential to outrageous.
Sexual content is all but missing.
Sexual content is even more common on primetime network programs than on television in general.
Sexual content is infrequent, but graphic when it does appear.
Sexual content is limited to one minor line of dialogue.
Sexual content is okay.
Sexual context varies from individual to individual and even changes over time within individuals.
Sexual counseling can be very effective.
Sexual counseling is a specialty within the counseling professions.
Some sexual cravings are politically incorrect.
Sexual criminals are irrational and mentally ill.
Sexual curiosity is a glorious part of being human.
Sexual cycle exists allowing recombination in pathogen.
Sexual cycle is the mosquito, while the asexual cycle in man.
All sexual decisions have effects or consequences.
Sexual degenerates seem a strange group to protect.
Sexual desirability is mainly a state of mind.
Sexual desire becomes the servant and the spice of that covenant bond of mutual honor.
Sexual desire can cause people to lie and cheat so they can try and get sex.
Sexual desire is a danger.
Sexual desire is a normal and natural feeling for women and men.
Sexual desire is a powerful physical excitement.
Sexual desire is a strong physical excitement.
Sexual desire is actually fragile.
Sexual desire is also intrinsic to human nature.
Sexual desire is an instinct, and an instinct that can lead to many different kinds of awareness.
Sexual desire is an instinctive reaction in animals.
Sexual desire is complex and frequently nasty, even without the stimulus of pornography.
Sexual desire is desire
Sexual desire is desire.
Sexual desire is expressed principally through depictions of seductive or aroused women.
Sexual desire is good.
Sexual desire is increased and erections troublesome at night.
Sexual desire is increased.
Sexual desire is influenced by many different things.
Sexual desire is libido.
Sexual desire is like hunger.
Sexual desire is made up of fantasy, motivation, and arousal, and it does vary from woman to woman.
Sexual desire is no different.
Sexual desire is said to peak at eighteen.
Sexual desire is still low.
Sexual desire is the motivation for sexual aggression.
Sexual desire is the motive for the behavior.
Sexual desire is the work of the devil.
Sexual desire leads causally to reproduction.
Sexual desire plays a major role in each one of the films.
Sexual desire ranges tremendously among individuals.
Sexual desires are even harder to control while intoxicated.
Sexual desires are shameful, they think, as is certainly sexual activity itself.
Sexual desires cause humans a host of problems.
All sexual desires are states of tension that demand an outlet.
Sexual development continues.
Sexual development involves enlargement, maturity and the reproduction of the primary sex organs.
Sexual development is a major part of adolescence.
Sexual development is delayed.
Sexual development is influenced by both genetic and environmental factors.
Sexual difference has extensive biological implications, going way beyond reproductive systems.
Sexual difference is one of the most basic polarities of human life, and of most animal life.
Sexual difference is unchangeable.
Sexual differences create a space for total trust between one person and another.
Sexual differentiation becomes complete.
Sexual differentiation is rather well understood, for example, at the level of hormonal control.
Sexual differentiation refers to the type of adult structure formed by each genital primordium.
Some sexual differentiations take places.
Sexual difficulties are also a significant source of emotional and relationship dissatisfaction.
Sexual difficulties can be all sorts.
Sexual difficulties occur in many patients.
Many sexual difficulties are lifestyle related.
Sexual dimorphism exists among males and females, but is more pronounced in the breeding season.
Sexual dimorphism exists among the river otters.
Sexual dimorphism extends to the voice, that of the female having a overall lower-pitch.
Sexual dimorphism is a result of male-male competition that is easily seen in species.
Sexual dimorphism is a term that refers to physical differences that exist between the genders.
Sexual dimorphism is absent.
Sexual dimorphism is also plentiful.
Sexual dimorphism is clearly obvious.
Sexual dimorphism IS common among invertebrates, rare in the higher ani- mals.
Sexual dimorphism is evident.
Sexual dimorphism is found within the species.
Sexual dimorphism is greatest and canines large in polygynous societies.
Sexual dimorphism is indistinct, but the male generally has a slightly thicker tail.
Sexual dimorphism is limited, but sometimes males are slightly larger.
Sexual dimorphism is minimal with males being the smaller of the two sexes.
Sexual dimorphism is much less pronounced in badgers, otters and skunks.
Sexual dimorphism is observed with billfishes.
Sexual dimorphism is obvious in all varieties.
Sexual dimorphism is present in the patas monkey.
Sexual dimorphism is present.
Sexual dimorphism is prominent in hyenas.
Sexual dimorphism is pronounced in the male.
Sexual dimorphism is pronounced in the species.
Sexual dimorphism is pronounced.
Sexual dimorphism is reduced in pair-bonding species.
Sexual dimorphism is shown in pups as well as in adults.
Sexual dimorphism is significant in mature individuals.
Sexual dimorphism is similar to that in temperate environments at birth, but less at maturity.
Sexual dimorphism is the occurrence of differences between males and females in a species.
Sexual dimorphism is when there are different body structures between males and females.
Sexual dimorphism occurs in many rodent species.
Sexual dimorphism occurs in several species.
Sexual dimorphism refers to males and females.
Sexual dimorphism varies per species.
Some sexual dimorphism exists.
Sexual discrimination is difficult because their external genital organs are underdeveloped.
Sexual discrimination is even more common than sexual harassment.
Sexual discrimination is sexism
Sexual discrimination is sexism.
Sexual discrimination is still an issue.
Sexual discrimination occurs when one sex is impermissably favored over another.
Sexual discrimination seems to occur the most.
Sexual discussions are equally offensive throughout the film.
Most sexual diseases are easy to treat if they are found early.
Sexual disorders are dominantly mental, and frigidity being one, needs psychiatric therapy.
Sexual disorders cause hormonal imbalance and disturb the work of entire body, causing diseases.
Sexual display instincts.
Sexual diversity is defined as pathological and deviant.
Some sexual dreams involve a sort of casting call of past lovers.
Sexual drive is affected by a variety of everyday factors including nutrition, stress and fatigue.
Sexual drive is affected by nutrition stress fatigue and medications.
Sexual drive is affected by nutrition, stress, fatigue and medications.
Sexual drive is repressed and no new area of bodily excitement emerges.
Sexual dysfunction can amplify the patient s perceptions of the severity of their condition.
Sexual dysfunction can be a symptom of depression.
Sexual dysfunction can be among the most troubling side effects of depression treatment.
Sexual dysfunction can be psychological or physiological.
Sexual dysfunction can be the result of medical, surgical, or psychological factors.
Sexual dysfunction can have physical or psychological causes, or a combination of both.
Sexual dysfunction feels very threatening to men.
Sexual dysfunction happens to everybody at some point in our lifetime.
Sexual dysfunction includes libido decrease and impotence.
Sexual dysfunction is a cause for decreased libido.
Sexual dysfunction is a common and troublesome problem that is often overlooked.
Sexual dysfunction is a problem for some persons who take SSRIs.
Sexual dysfunction is also common and often leads to non-compliance.
Sexual dysfunction is associated with and compounded by cognitive factors such as anxiety.
Sexual dysfunction is common among people with diabetes.
Sexual dysfunction is common to victims of sexual assault, and lesbians are no exception.
Sexual dysfunction is common, which further confounds the problem.
Sexual dysfunction is often a very complex set of circumstances.
Sexual dysfunction is real pathology that needs to be treated.
Sexual dysfunction is uncommon but is seen at higher doses.
Sexual dysfunction is usually a psychological problem.
Sexual dysfunction occurs in many men.
Sexual dysfunction persists after breast cancer treatment, despite recovery in other domains.
Sexual dysfunction relating to ovarian hormone decline can have direct or indirect effects.
Sexual dysfunction resulting from the treatment of testicular cancer is rare.
Sexual dysfunction takes different forms in men and women .
Sexual dysfunctions affect men and women.
Sexual dysfunctions are disorders related to a particular phase of the sexual response cycle.
Sexual education remains an extremely sensitive, 'closed' topic in Armenian society.
Sexual embassies exist in the sea and on dolphin star ships.
Sexual encounters are always verbally shared with each other.
Sexual encounters are frequent, sometimes even in the bar itself.
Sexual encounters are frequent.
Sexual encounters occur with a regularity that becomes monotonous.
Any sexual encounter is subject to self-delusion, and that's when it turns out well.
Sexual energy is a fine basis for generating a relationship, but it is double-edged.
Sexual energy is a gift rather than a weapon or a privilege.
Sexual energy is intensified , producing greatly enhanced, memorable and meaningful experiences.
Sexual energy is one of the most important base energies in spirituality and magick.
Sexual energy is one of the most powerful motivating forces in our life.
Sexual energy is the means by which physical reality is manifested.
Sexual energy is very potent energy.
Sexual enlightenment is an aspect of our sex advice program and sex advice columns.
Sexual equality offers something very different from sexual equivalence.
Sexual ethics is a major thrust of the site.
Sexual exchanges shuffle the genetic deck, usually just before winter sets in.
Sexual excitation dilates the arterioles supplying blood to the penis.
Sexual excitement can also increase the amount of secretions that are produced.
Sexual experiences are things like kissing, touching, making out, having sex.
Sexual experiences help teenagers understand pleasure and satisfaction.
Every sexual experience is different and perfect in itself.
Sexual exploitation continues in the streets, too.
Sexual exploitation eroticises women's inequality.
Sexual exploitation involves the use of children in prostitution or pornography.
Sexual exploitation is inextricable from gender-based violence.
Sexual exploitation is probably a more appropriate area for legislative reform.
Sexual exploitation is the number one motive for non - family abductions.
Sexual exploration is a natural and normal part of growing up.
Sexual expression can be frightening to some.
Sexual expression can be frightening.
Sexual expression is a natural part of a well-rounded life.
Sexual expression is more than erotic pleasure or sexual acts.
Sexual expression is one of our basic human needs like water, food, and shelter.
Sexual expression is THE most repressed form of American speech.
Sexual eyes paint a thousand intentions Eyes are commonly seen as a means to see.
Sexual fantasies are common for men and women.
Sexual fantasies are conscious acts of the imagination.
Sexual fantasies are more than just mood music.
Sexual fantasies are normal and natural.
Sexual fantasies are the most common form of sexual experiences a.
Sexual fantasies are the poetry of the libido.
Sexual fantasies are the prime source of all impurity.
Sexual fantasies can serve many purposes.
Sexual fantasy predicts sexual behavior.
Sexual favoritism can give rise to complaints of sexual harassment.
Sexual favours are, sometimes, the payment they have to make for such help.
Sexual feelings are a positive lifeforce.
Sexual feelings are normal and real, but sexual behavior is always controllable.
Sexual feelings are normal, and there are many ways of expressing one's sexuality.
Sexual feelings are too universally active to be so easily dislocated.
Sexual feelings are very normal for adolescents and are frequently acted upon.
Sexual females are also more opaque than worker, with more hairs on their body.
Sexual fiction is no different.
Sexual fluids come from a man's penis or from a woman's vagina, before, during, or after orgasm.
Sexual fluids make a good cement, and they also produce babies.
Sexual foreplay is inappropriate in a relationship in which intercourse is inappropriate.
Sexual forms are diploid and reproduce by conjugation.
Sexual freedom comes with incredible responsibilities, personally, politically and culturally.
Sexual freedom encompasses the possibility for individuals to express their full sexual potential.
Sexual freedom is a freedom to tragedy and destruction.
Sexual freedom is a topic that merits rigorous public investigation.
Sexual freedom is based on deep respect for oneself and for the other.
Sexual freedom requires realistic honest evaluation of the consequences of sexual behavior.
Sexual frequency is a two-person decision.
Sexual frustration leads to creativity according to many psychologists.
Sexual fulfillment can provide ultimate joy in shared intimacy, orgasm and emotion.
Sexual fulfillment is an important aspect of married life for both partners.
Sexual fulfillment is obtainable.
Sexual function is an essential component of total patient care.
Sexual function is an important part of their lives.
Sexual function is arousal and orgasm.
Sexual function is arousal,and orgasm.
Sexual function is complex.
Sexual function remains unaffected in many people until a late stage.
Sexual functions are in abeyance.
Sexual fundamentalism is the worldwide enemy of sexual cosmopolitanism.
Sexual fusion is anisogamous.
Sexual gratification is a relatively common way for some adults to relieve stress.
Sexual gratification is the primary reason a married person has an affair.
Sexual greed is activated by fear and hatred, and has nothing to do with love, nor with selfhood.
Sexual habits are the most restrictive.
Sexual harassers can be male or female, boss or subordinate, teacher or student.
Sexual harassment affects only a few people.
Sexual harassment affects only a few persons.
Sexual harassment affects people in different ways.
Sexual harassment affects people's performance, good order and discipline.
Sexual harassment affects students of all ages.
Sexual harassment affects the lives and integrity of many individuals all over the world.
Sexual harassment applies whether the harassment is between people of the same or different gender.
Sexual harassment becomes a household term.
Sexual harassment can affect both sexes.
Sexual harassment can also amount to a criminal offence .
Sexual harassment can also be female to female, female to male, male to female, and male to male.
Sexual harassment can also be unwanted behavior directed at an individual on the bases of sex.
Sexual harassment can also occur between members of the same sex.
Sexual harassment can also occur between two students.
Sexual harassment can also occur without any promises of reward, or threats.
Sexual harassment can also take many forms.
Sexual harassment can also take place between individuals of the same sex.
Sexual harassment can be a woman harassing a man.
Sexual harassment can be as blatant as rape or as subtle as a comment or look.
Sexual harassment can be as blatant as rape or as subtle as a look.
Sexual harassment can be as subtle as .
Sexual harassment can be as subtle as repeated off-color jokes or as blatant as sexual assault.
Sexual harassment can be between people of the same sex.
Sexual harassment can be blatant or subtle.
Sexual harassment can be devastating.
Sexual harassment can be direct or implied, obvious or subtle.
Sexual harassment can be either verbal, physical, auditory, or visual.
Sexual harassment can be hard to define.
Sexual harassment can be unintended.
Sexual harassment can be verbal, nonverbal, or physical.
Sexual harassment can be verbal, physical or visual.
Sexual harassment can be verbal, physical, or both.
Sexual harassment can be verbal, visual, or physical.
Sexual harassment can be verbal, visual, physical or communicated in writing or electronically.
Sexual harassment can be verbal, visual, physical, or communicated in writing or electronically.
Sexual harassment can be verbal, written, physical, or pictorial in nature.
Sexual harassment can be very frightening.
Sexual harassment can be very subtle an hard to detect.
Sexual harassment can cause academic problems for girls.
Sexual harassment can come in many forms.
Sexual harassment can cost corporations huge sums of money.
Sexual harassment can damage a woman's sense of competence and self-esteem.
Sexual harassment can happen to any person in the workplace.
Sexual harassment can happen to anyone at any age.
Sexual harassment can happen to anyone, female or male.
Sexual harassment can happen to anyone.
Sexual harassment can happen to men and women.
Sexual harassment can happen to women or men, and the harasser can be a man or woman.
Sexual harassment can include a wide range of behaviors.
Sexual harassment can include negative comments that are gender based.
Sexual harassment can involve persons of the same or opposite sex.
Sexual harassment can make people feel angry or frightened.
Sexual harassment can occur anywhere and in any circumstance.
Sexual harassment can occur anywhere jerks work.
Sexual harassment can occur between a student and faculty member, with the latter as victim.
Sexual harassment can occur between any two individuals.
Sexual harassment can occur between both or the same sexes.
Sexual harassment can occur between individuals of different sexes or of the same sex.
Sexual harassment can occur between individuals of the same or opposite sex.
Sexual harassment can occur between members of the same gender of different genders.
Sexual harassment can occur between members of the same sex or of the opposite sex.
Sexual harassment can occur between members of the same sex.
Sexual harassment can occur between men and women, or persons of the same gender.
Sexual harassment can occur between people of the same sex.
Sexual harassment can occur between students whenever a power differential exists.
Sexual harassment can occur in a variety of circumstances.
Sexual harassment can occur in any educational institution.
Sexual harassment can occur on or off campus.
Sexual harassment can occur only between members of opposite sexes.
Sexual harassment can occur outside the work site and still be considered work related.
Sexual harassment can occur outside the work site and still be work related.
Sexual harassment can poison a workplace and be costly for the employer.
Sexual harassment can range from a look to attempted sexual assault and sexual assault.
Sexual harassment can range from sexual humor and innuendo to physical threats and sexual assaults.
Sexual harassment can take any of the above forms.
Sexual harassment can take different forms, from physical contact to verbal harassment to leers.
Sexual harassment can take many forms, ranging from blatant to subtle, from serious to minor.
Sexual harassment can take many forms.
Sexual harassment can take place in person, over the phone, fax, and computer.
Sexual harassment can take place via the Internet, as well off campus.
Sexual harassment can take several forms.
Sexual harassment can take two forms.
Sexual harassment can take various forms and be obvious or indirect, physical or verbal.
Sexual harassment can vary widely in type and seriousness.
Sexual harassment claims.
Sexual harassment comes in many forms.
Sexual harassment committed by school district employees against students constitutes misconduct.
Sexual harassment committed by students against school district employees constitutes misconduct.
Sexual harassment consists of unwelcome verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature.
Sexual harassment consists of verbal and physical behaviors.
Sexual harassment constitutes sex discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act .
Sexual harassment constitutes unlawful discrimination on the basis of sex.
Sexual harassment continues to be a serious social problem.
Sexual harassment costs Experiencing sexual harassment in the workplace is traumatic for victims.
Sexual harassment creates a hostile, offensive, and intimidating environment.
Sexual harassment demeans the dignity of women.
Sexual harassment destroys teamwork and negatively affects combat readiness.
Sexual harassment directed at men or women is illegal, even if it is only a single incident.
Sexual harassment does.
Sexual harassment encompasses any sexual attention that is unwanted.
Sexual harassment encompasses any unwanted verbal or physical sexual attention.
Sexual harassment encompasses sexual attention that is unwanted.
Sexual harassment entails some sort of exchange.
Sexual harassment erodes the notion that school is a safe place to be.
Sexual harassment exists in many forms.
Sexual harassment falls into two general categories.
Sexual harassment gets worse when it is ignored.
Sexual harassment happens mostly to women and is generally perpetrated by men.
Sexual harassment happens only to women who encourage it.
Sexual harassment happens to both men and women.
Sexual harassment happens to many women, but most incidents are never reported.
Sexual harassment happens very frequently in workplaces.
Sexual harassment has an adverse impact on the health care environment.
Sexual harassment has damaging effects and far-reaching consequences for all parties involved.
Sexual harassment has little to do with sex and a lot to do with power.
Sexual harassment has many definitions and therefore some people find it difficult to define.
Sexual harassment has many faces.
Sexual harassment has no place here.
Sexual harassment has nothing to do with mutual attraction or friendship.
Sexual harassment has to be broadly understood within a context of gender violence.
Sexual harassment hurts our whole community when it occurs.
Sexual harassment includes a range of behaviors specified below.
Sexual harassment includes a wide range of behaviors.
Sexual harassment includes any behavior that is sexual in nature and unwanted by the other student.
Sexual harassment includes any unwelcome sexual attention.
Sexual harassment includes situations where employers fail to eliminate hostile work conditions.
Sexual harassment includes the harassment of the same or of the opposite sex.
Sexual harassment includes unwanted contact or verbal abuse.
Sexual harassment includes unwanted touching, advances, requests for sex, or sexual remarks.
Sexual harassment involves an abuse of power.
Sexual harassment involves behavior that is unwanted and unwelcome.
Sexual harassment involves unwanted sexual attention.
Sexual harassment involves unwelcome sexual conduct.
Sexual harassment involving public institutions and educators is governed by federal law.
Sexual harassment is a barrier to learning in the classroom and to productivity in the workplace.
Sexual harassment is a behavior.
Sexual harassment is a big problem in today s workplace.
Sexual harassment is a common occurrence for many tenants.
Sexual harassment is a common occurrence in school.
Sexual harassment is a community concern.
Sexual harassment is a complex and controversial problem both in the classroom and the workplace.
Sexual harassment is a complex and sensitive issue.
Sexual harassment is a continuum of behaviors that intimidate, demean, humiliate, or coerce.
Sexual harassment is a daily fact of life for millions of women and girls.
Sexual harassment is a derivative of sexual repression.
Sexual harassment is a difficult topic to discuss.
Sexual harassment is a factor.
Sexual harassment is a federal and state law.
Sexual harassment is a form of discrimination and is illegal.
Sexual harassment is a form of discrimination based on a person s gender.
Sexual harassment is a form of discrimination based on a persons gender.
Sexual harassment is a form of discrimination based on one's gender or sexual orientation.
Sexual harassment is a form of discrimination based on sex.
Sexual harassment is a form of discrimination on the basis of gender.
Sexual harassment is a form of discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a form of discriminatory harassment.
Sexual harassment is a form of gender discrimination and can be directed at both men and women.
Sexual harassment is a form of gender discrimination from both a legal and conceptual perspective.
Sexual harassment is a form of gender discrimination usually involving an abuse of power.
Sexual harassment is a form of gender discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a form of illegal discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a form of illegal gender discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a form of illegal sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a form of misconduct that undermines the integrity of our university community.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination and a violation of state, federal, and local laws.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination and is illegal.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination and is therefore illegal.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination and it is illegal.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination that is both reprehensible and unlawful.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination that is reprehensible and unlawful.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination that occurs in the workplace.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination which is illegal under both federal and state law.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discriminationand is illegal.
Sexual harassment is a form of sexual coercion.
Sexual harassment is a form of sexual discrimination and is illegal.
Sexual harassment is a form of sexual discrimination that is illegal under federal and state law.
Sexual harassment is a form of sexual discrimination, and is illegal.
Sexual harassment is a form of sexual discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a form of unlawful discrimination on the basis of sex.
Sexual harassment is a form of unlawful discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a form of unlawful sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a hot button.
Sexual harassment is a hot topic of late, particularly with fast-growing technology firms.
Sexual harassment is a major problem in public schools, colleges, and universities.
Sexual harassment is a malign specter hovering over workplaces everywhere.
Sexual harassment is a much larger problem on campus than people realize.
Sexual harassment is a nebulous issue because it is more difficult to define than sexual assault.
Sexual harassment is a particular form of harassment.
Sexual harassment is a particular kind of discrimination based on sex.
Sexual harassment is a particularly distressing form of sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a pervasive phenomenon which can invade many areas of our lives.
Sexual harassment is a pervasive workplace problem.
Sexual harassment is a power issue.
Sexual harassment is a power play using sexually directed behavior as a weapon.
Sexual harassment is a problem in our society, and campus life is a microcosm of society.
Sexual harassment is a problem of unrecognized proportions on college campuses.
Sexual harassment is a problem that is getting increased attention across the nation.
Sexual harassment is a reaction to a perceived power of one person over another.
Sexual harassment is a result of gendering work.
Sexual harassment is a serious and widespread problem affecting people in the workplace.
Sexual harassment is a serious concern for employers.
Sexual harassment is a serious form of abuse.
Sexual harassment is a serious human rights issue.
Sexual harassment is a serious issue in the workplace.
Sexual harassment is a serious issue that affects businesses of all sizes.
Sexual harassment is a serious offense and is deeply destructive.
Sexual harassment is a serious offense in the United States.
Sexual harassment is a serious offense.
Sexual harassment is a serious problem in schools.
Sexual harassment is a serious problem in universities, and it is receiving increased attention.
Sexual harassment is a serious problem on campuses across the country.
Sexual harassment is a special form of illegal workplace harassment.
Sexual harassment is a special type of interpersonal struggle.
Sexual harassment is a specific form of gender discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a specific form of sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a systemic problem.
Sexual harassment is a tremendous barrier to learning for girls and women.
Sexual harassment is a type of discrimination that is frequently in the news.
Sexual harassment is a type of sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a type of sex.
Sexual harassment is a very serious matter.
Sexual harassment is a violation of a person's dignity.
Sexual harassment is a violation of both state and federal laws.
Sexual harassment is a violation of federal and state law.
Sexual harassment is a violation of federal and state laws.
Sexual harassment is a violation of human rights.
Sexual harassment is a violation of professional ethics and federal and state laws.
Sexual harassment is a violation of professional ethics.
Sexual harassment is a violation of state and federal law.
Sexual harassment is a violation of the law.
Sexual harassment is a violent act that denies women their freedom, respect and dignity.
Sexual harassment is a workplace issue that is often misunderstood.
Sexual harassment is a workplace problem in the military, according to the survey.
Sexual harassment is a world-wide problem, akin to forms of discrimination such as racism.
Sexual harassment is a wrongful use of power.
Sexual harassment is about keeping women in their place by creating a hostile environment.
Sexual harassment is about power and there are several types of harassers.
Sexual harassment is about power.
Sexual harassment is about sex.
Sexual harassment is about the abuse of power.
Sexual harassment is against the law and violates our union contract.
Sexual harassment is against the law.
Sexual harassment is all about shades of gray.
Sexual harassment is also a form of unlawful discrimination.
Sexual harassment is also a violation of campus policy.
Sexual harassment is also against school policy.
Sexual harassment is also against the law.
Sexual harassment is also illegal.
Sexual harassment is also related to respect.
Sexual harassment is also subject to penalty under law.
Sexual harassment is always inappropriate.
Sexual harassment is always unethical.
Sexual harassment is always wrong.
Sexual harassment is an abuse of informal or formal power or authority.
Sexual harassment is an abuse of power employing coercion, threat, bribery, or unwanted attention.
Sexual harassment is an abuse of power.
Sexual harassment is an aspect of sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is an attempt to hold power over another person.
Sexual harassment is an awful crime.
Sexual harassment is an equal opportunity issue.
Sexual harassment Is an illegal behavior.
Sexual harassment is an illegal form of discrimination and a violation of professional ethics.
Sexual harassment is an illegal form of sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is an important employment issue.
Sexual harassment is an insidious practice.
Sexual harassment is an issue of abuse of authority that can strike either women or men.
Sexual harassment is an issue that plaques workplaces around the world.
Sexual harassment is an understatement.
Sexual harassment is an unfair use of power by a professor or teaching assistant.
Sexual harassment is any form of offensive sexual attention that is uninvited and unwelcome .
Sexual harassment is any form of sexual attention that is uninvited and unwelcomed.
Sexual harassment is any unwelcome behaviour that is sexual in nature.
Sexual harassment is assessed in the eyes of the recipient.
Sexual harassment is banned.
Sexual harassment is basically a double standard between men and women.
Sexual harassment is basically an abuse of power.
Sexual harassment is behaviour of a sexual nature that is unsolicited, unwelcome and unreciprocated.
Sexual harassment is categorized as a form of discrimination on the basis of sex.
Sexual harassment is coercive behavior, whether implied or actual.
Sexual harassment is conduct subject to disciplinary action, including termination.
Sexual harassment is conduct subject to disciplinary action.
Sexual harassment is conduct which is offensive to the recipient.
Sexual harassment is considered a form of employee misconduct.
Sexual harassment is considered a form of misconduct.
Sexual harassment is considered a form of sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is considered a serious matter.
Sexual harassment is considered sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is considered to be sex discrimination and is therefore illegal.
Sexual harassment is considered unethical and unprofessional.
Sexual harassment is contrary to the most fundamental ethical canons of the academic community.
Sexual harassment is contrary to the standards of the university community.
Sexual harassment is deemed to be present simply because of the power differential.
Sexual harassment is defined as any form of unwelcome physical conduct of a sexual nature.
Sexual harassment is defined as unwelcome behavior of a sexual nature.
Sexual harassment is defined as unwelcome sexual conduct that creates a hostile work environment.
Sexual harassment is defined in the university's separate policy on sexual harassment.
Sexual harassment is defined, and actual cases are used as examples to reinforce learning.
Sexual harassment is demeaning and degrading.
Sexual harassment is demeaning, both to the victim and to the harasser.
Sexual harassment is described as either quid pro quo or hostile environment harassment.
Sexual harassment is difficult to define because it involves feelings and perceptions.
Sexual harassment is difficult to define.
Sexual harassment is discrimination on the basis of sex.
Sexual harassment is discriminatory and unlawful.
Sexual harassment is encouraged and promoted by many songs, television, magazine ads, etc.
Sexual harassment is explored as an example.
Sexual harassment is extremely costly in terms of both human dignity and human resources.
Sexual harassment is extremely widespread.
Sexual harassment is far from the realm of rape.
Sexual harassment is frequently more about power than about sex.
Sexual harassment is fundamentally a form of gender discrimination.
Sexual harassment is harassment.
Sexual harassment is harmless fun.
Sexual harassment is harmless.
Sexual harassment is held to be an act of discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act.
Sexual harassment is humiliating and degrading.
Sexual harassment is illegal and is also bad for business.
Sexual harassment is illegal in schools, colleges and universities that receive any federal funding.
Sexual harassment is illegal in the workplace.
Sexual harassment is illegal under both state and federal law.
Sexual harassment is illegal under state and federal legislation.
Sexual harassment is illegal under the Human Rights Act.
Sexual harassment is illegal.
Sexual harassment is in no way limited to demands for sexual favors in return for rewards.
Sexual harassment is intolerable.
Sexual harassment is just a natural way for men and women to express friendship and affection.
Sexual harassment is just bad for business.
Sexual harassment is just one form of sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is less likely to affect women professionals compared to other women.
Sexual harassment is located in bars.
Sexual harassment is molestation
Sexual harassment is morally wrong and legally actionable.
Sexual harassment is more about power than it is about sex.
Sexual harassment is more pervasive in fields where women are in the clear minority.
Sexual harassment is more than just unwanted touching.
Sexual harassment is most often about power.
Sexual harassment is much less common here than in any other Asian country.
Sexual harassment is much the same way.
Sexual harassment is never harmless fun and is always degrading and humiliating.
Sexual harassment is no trivial matter for employers or employees.
Sexual harassment is normal.
Sexual harassment is now one of the most expensive potential liabilities facing employers.
Sexual harassment is offensive, it is demeaning and it is illegal.
Sexual harassment is often misunderstood by society.
Sexual harassment is often subtle and hard to define.
Sexual harassment is on the radar, if falteringly, and that alone is a huge stride forward.
Sexual harassment is one form of discrimination, obviously.
Sexual harassment is one form of gender discrimination.
Sexual harassment is one form of illegal discrimination.
Sexual harassment is one form of unlawful harassment.
Sexual harassment is one of many forms of illegal sexual discrimination.
Sexual harassment is one of the fastest expanding areas of American law.
Sexual harassment is one of the fastest growing areas of employment law.
Sexual harassment is one of the leading forms of discrimination that women workers face.
Sexual harassment is one of the themes of the show.
Sexual harassment is one of the ways by which the system of patriarchy is maintained.
Sexual harassment is out of the closet.
Sexual harassment is part of a continuum of violence against women.
Sexual harassment is part of everyday life for boys and girls at school.
Sexual harassment is practiced only by men against women.
Sexual harassment is rampant.
Sexual harassment is rare and poses no real problem.
Sexual harassment is rare.
Sexual harassment is real and it is pervasive.
Sexual harassment is real in America.
Sexual harassment is really sexual discrimination.
Sexual harassment is relatively harmless.
Sexual harassment is serious and illegal .
Sexual harassment is serious and illegal.
Sexual harassment is sex discrimination.
Sexual harassment is sexual conduct that is unwelcome and uninvited.
Sexual harassment is so common that many women accept it as part of a day's work.
Sexual harassment is something that happens every day to women.
Sexual harassment is sometimes difficult to talk about.
Sexual harassment is still a daily problem for many workers, especially women.
Sexual harassment is still a daily problem for many workers.
Sexual harassment is subject to discipline, up to and including separation from the institution.
Sexual harassment is the act of unwelcome or inappropriate advances whether physical or verbal.
Sexual harassment is the big one.
Sexual harassment is the fastest growing area of discrimination complaints in the workplace.
Sexual harassment is the importuning of sexual favors from an unwilling victim.
Sexual harassment is the leading cause of prisoner suicide.
Sexual harassment is the most frequent type of discrimination charge filed by workers today.
Sexual harassment is the opposite.
Sexual harassment is the same in the halls and on e-mail.
Sexual harassment is the sexualization of an otherwise nonsexual relationship.
Sexual harassment is therefore a very subjective experience.
Sexual harassment is ugly.
Sexual harassment is unacceptable behavior and a violation of the law.
Sexual harassment is unacceptable behavior, unlawful and intolerable.
Sexual harassment is unacceptable behavior, unlawful, and intolerable.
Sexual harassment is unacceptable behaviour.
Sexual harassment is unacceptable conduct.
Sexual harassment is unacceptable.
Sexual harassment is uncivil behavior.
Sexual harassment is unlawful and conflicts with the college s mission.
Sexual harassment is unlawful and hurts all people.
Sexual harassment is unlawful and hurts other employees.
Sexual harassment is unlawful.
Sexual harassment is unwanted and unwelcome sexual attention.
Sexual harassment is unwanted behaviour of a sexual nature.
Sexual harassment is unwanted conduct of a sexual nature.
Sexual harassment is unwanted sexual attention at work.
Sexual harassment is unwanted sexual attention.
Sexual harassment is unwanted, deliberate or repeated sexual behavior.
Sexual harassment is unwanted, often persistent, sexual attention.
Sexual harassment is unwanted, unsolicited, and undesired attention of a sexual nature.
Sexual harassment is unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature.
Sexual harassment is unwelcome sexual attention in the workplace.
Sexual harassment is unwelcome sexual behavior.
Sexual harassment is unwelcome sexual conduct directed at an employee by an employer.
Sexual harassment is unwelcome sexual conduct in the workplace.
Sexual harassment is unwelcome sexual conduct.
Sexual harassment is unwelcome, unwanted and unreciprocated behaviour of a sexual nature.
Sexual harassment is used as a weapon to subvert people into submission .
Sexual harassment is used as a weapon to subvert people into submission.
Sexual harassment is usually an attempt by one person to exert power over someone else.
Sexual harassment is usually more about control or power than it is about sex.
Sexual harassment is violence.
Sexual harassment is widespread in all levels of education.
Sexual harassment is widespread.
Sexual harassment is wrong in any setting, but in the context of medicine it is a special concern.
Sexual harassment is, after all, about using power to demean women.
Sexual harassment knows no age.
Sexual harassment leads to frustration, loss of self-esteem, absenteeism and decreased productivity.
Sexual harassment lowers morale and is damaging to the work environment.
Sexual harassment makes women feel embarrassed, tense, frustrated, pressured, nervous.
Sexual harassment manifests itself in several forms.
Sexual harassment necessitates behavioral style flexibility.
Sexual harassment needs to be unwelcome.
Sexual harassment occurs about half a dozen times for a majority of coeds.
Sexual harassment occurs all over the world.
Sexual harassment occurs at all educational levels.
Sexual harassment occurs in a variety of situations.
Sexual harassment occurs in many diverse situations.
Sexual harassment occurs in one of two ways.
Sexual harassment occurs in two forms, quid pro quo and hostile environment.
Sexual harassment occurs more often then made obvious.
Sexual harassment occurs only in rare situations.
Sexual harassment occurs when a person is subjected to an unwelcome sexual advance in the workplace.
Sexual harassment poisons the environment.
Sexual harassment remains a major workplace issue in Ontario.
Sexual harassment remains a significant discrimination issue in the workplace.
Sexual harassment takes many forms and includes many kinds of behavior.
Sexual harassment takes many forms and includes many kinds of behaviors.
Sexual harassment takes many forms, from constant joking to physical assault.
Sexual harassment takes two forms.
Sexual harassment threatens an individual's mental, emotional, and physical well being.
Sexual harassment thwarts that commitment, and is against the law.
Sexual harassment undermines the integrity of the employment relationship.
Sexual harassment violates basic human rights as well as state and federal law.
Sexual harassment violates basic human rights as well as state and federal laws.
Sexual harassment violates college policy as well as federal, state and local laws.
Sexual harassment violates human dignity and engenders fear into relationships founded upon trust.
Sexual harassment violates the university's policy against discrimination on the basis of sex.
Sexual harassment violates university policy and is illegal under state and federal law.
Sexual harassment vitiates against such an environment.
Most sexual harassment is by men against women.
Most sexual harassment occurs in classrooms - especially females being harassed.
Sexual healing can take several months to several years, or more, to accomplish.
Sexual healing encompasses three broad, interrelated categories of work.
Sexual healing is sometimes painful and takes time, but when it finally happens it is well worth it.
Sexual healing takes time.
Sexual health encompasses both sexual desire and physiological response.
Sexual health is a big issue.
Sexual health is a result of overall health.
Sexual health is an important priority across the whole of the north west.
Sexual health is an issue that many find difficult to discuss, even with physicians and counselors.
Sexual health is important to overall health.
Sexual health is well worth the effort.
Sexual health needs to be a priority for anyone who wants to live a fully healthy life.
Sexual health promotes overall health.
Sexual health requires trust, honesty, and communication.
Sexual herbs See our selection of sexually enhancing herbs and formulas.
Sexual history can help to determine the degree of counseling needed.
Sexual history is often unreliable in the emergency setting.
Sexual history needs to be taken.
Sexual hybridization occurs when haploid cells generated in a previous meiosis fuse.
Sexual hypocrisy is as American as apple pie.
Sexual identity can.
Sexual identity develops over time.
Sexual identity is a personal thing.
Sexual identity is an essential knowledge of oneself.
Sexual identity lies at the heart of much of the story.
Sexual identity refers to what gender people find themselves to be.
Every sexual identity is individual.
Sexual images are particularly easy to remember.
Sexual images are very out in the open here.
Sexual images have a powerful attraction that, for many, is seductive, addictive and progressive.
Sexual imagery suggests the integrative process which lies at the heart of the mandala.
Sexual immorality destroys and defiles a land.
Sexual immorality has an impact.
Sexual immorality involves any and all sexual activity outside of marriage.
Sexual immorality is also a sin that results in the eternal death penalty.
Sexual immorality is devastating families and individuals everywhere.
Sexual immorality is evil
Sexual immorality is evil.
Sexual immorality is more complicated.
Sexual immorality is one of Satan's most effective weapons for eliminating missionaries.
Sexual immorality is one of the problems caused by the demand for a high bride-price.
Sexual immorality is sexual immorality.
Sexual immorality is wrong.
Sexual immorality kills.
Sexual immorality stands foremost as the greatest danger confronting the fellowship of believers.
All sexual immorality begins with a thought.
All sexual immorality is rooted in the sinful condition of the human heart.
Sexual impotence affects millions of men.
Sexual impotence is considered to be the main symptom of the male climacteric.
Sexual impulses are channeled into adult sexuality.
Sexual impulses return.
Sexual indiscretion is a private matter, the business of the people involved.
Sexual individuals am generally smaller and less fecund than members of the agamic generation.
Sexual inexperience is a common cause.
Sexual infidelity has a pretty long history, and so does lying about it.
Sexual infidelity is a result of our genetic make-up.
Sexual infidelity is the only issue that matters for the future of presidential politics.
Sexual innuendo is common.
Sexual innuendo is the norm and cleverness is rewarded with cheers.
Sexual innuendo refers to language implying sexual themes of other than a casual nature.
Sexual innuendoes are abundant, and just about anyone is in bed with just about everyone.
Sexual interaction is a normal human instinct and has no outer age limit.
Some sexual interaction plays important roles.
Some sexual interaction plays roles.
Sexual intercourse can also be a disease vector .
Sexual intercourse can be difficult to resist.
Sexual intercourse can be painful.
Sexual intercourse can be very painful.
Sexual intercourse can cause irritation to the urethra, making UTIs more likely.
Sexual intercourse can involve anal, oral, or vaginal penetration.
Sexual intercourse can last as little as three seconds.
Sexual intercourse can occur after the vacuum tube is removed.
Sexual intercourse can often lead to UTIs.
Sexual intercourse can really complicate things.
Sexual intercourse can spread bacteria throughout the genital area.
Sexual intercourse can usually continue as normal during a treatment cycle.
Sexual intercourse forced by an acquaintance is rape.
Sexual intercourse has a relaxing effect for many people.
Sexual intercourse includes an exchange of emotional electricity.
Sexual intercourse includes vaginal, anal or oral sex.
Sexual intercourse includes vaginal, anal, or oral sex.
Sexual intercourse includes vaginal, oral or rectal penetration or attempted penetration.
Sexual intercourse includes vaginal, oral, or rectal penetration.
Sexual intercourse involves close physical contact and the exchange of body fluids.
Sexual intercourse is a biological reproductive device.
Sexual intercourse is a concert.
Sexual intercourse is a covenant activity.
Sexual intercourse is a joy to be cherished between husband and wife.
Sexual intercourse is a very personal and intimate thing.
Sexual intercourse is acceptable during the course of pregnancy.
Sexual intercourse is actually for one purpose only - reproduction .
Sexual intercourse is also very painful for the applicant.
Sexual intercourse is an important component of human sexual behaviour.
Sexual intercourse is an intimate expression of affection between a husband and wife.
Sexual intercourse is another easy way to damage the hymen along with horseback riding and biking .
Sexual intercourse is another easy way to damage the hymen along with horseback riding and biking.
Sexual intercourse is avoided for a while at that time.
Sexual intercourse is defined as vaginal penetration.
Sexual intercourse is equally painful, and becomes in aggravated cases impossible.
Sexual intercourse is forbidden to labourers of the original Soviet Russian territory.
Sexual intercourse is found among all mammalian species.
Sexual intercourse is just one part of that, and it can be a small part.
Sexual intercourse is justified only when it is the result of a desire for offspring.
Sexual intercourse is mating.
Sexual intercourse is never a passing affair.
Sexual intercourse is often impossible.
Sexual intercourse is one of the causes of ur nary tract infections.
Sexual intercourse is one of the few permissible ways for a man to be close to someone.
Sexual intercourse Is one of the most common behaviors among humans.
Sexual intercourse is one way.
Sexual intercourse is only one way to express affection and sexuality.
Sexual intercourse is painful.
Sexual intercourse is right or it is wrong.
Sexual intercourse is seen as an important part of marriage in Judaism.
Sexual intercourse is sex
Sexual intercourse is sexual activities.
Sexual intercourse is social events.
Sexual intercourse is such an experience, and therefore good sex becomes a kind of human right.
Sexual intercourse is the extreme closeness out of which it results.
Sexual intercourse is the highest risk activity for all types of STIs.
Sexual intercourse is the most common mode of transmission.
Sexual intercourse is the most intimate a couple can be.
Sexual intercourse is the most intimate bond between two people.
Sexual intercourse is the mutual giving of partner to partner.
Sexual intercourse is the natural and most common way to make a baby .
Sexual intercourse is the natural and most common way to make a baby.
Sexual intercourse is the number one activity of all couples.
Sexual intercourse is to be abandoned.
Sexual intercourse is, by definition, an act that occurs between a man and a woman.
Sexual intercourse makes the pain worse.
Sexual intercourse occurs when a man and a woman place the penis inside the vagina.
Sexual intercourse provides an example of the individual becoming one with the whole.
Sexual intercourse provides pleasure.
Sexual intercourse seems to predispose some women to cystitis.
Sexual intercourse takes place when the man and woman want to have their bodies close together.
Sexual interest can also fall when having sex becomes a power struggle within the relationship.
Sexual intimacy indicates deep love, exclusive and profound relationship, long-term commitment.
Sexual intimacy is a fulfilling part of life, with or without cancer.
Sexual intimacy is a kind of knowing that can only be learned experientially.
Sexual intimacy is also a limited resource.
Sexual intimacy is beautiful and holy.
Sexual intimacy is good.
Sexual intimacy is indescribable within the context of marriage.
Sexual intimacy is only one aspect of the full range of sexual expression.
Sexual intimacy is painful.
Sexual intimacy is perhaps one of the most powerful routes towards intimacy in marriage.
Sexual intimacy is sacred.
Sexual intimacy is the privilege of a marriage relationship.
Sexual intimacy keeps a loving relationship strong and resilient.
Sexual intimacy nurtures the husband's emotional needs.
Sexual intimacy takes many forms.
Sexual intimates can readily pass the lice to each other, as can children.
Sexual intolerance is blatant and takes many forms.
Sexual involvement produces more sweat but less conversation.
Sexual isolation is indicated by a significant interaction using a likelihood ratio test.
Sexual issues are complicated issues when all of the parts are in working order.
Sexual issues can definitely complicate a situation and send off alarms in a caseworker's mind.
Sexual issues play a large role in phone calls.
Sexual knowledge can lead to happy, healthy lives, both sexually and otherwise.
Sexual knowledge is an essential requirement for a healthy sex life.
Sexual knowledge is no longer a forbidden zone linked to evil and dirtiness.
Some sexual language surrounds a cigar.
Sexual libido is a very complicated affair.
Sexual life is suppressed in women scheduled for hysterectomy.
Sexual limits refer to sexual behaviors that are acceptable or unacceptable to an individual.
Sexual love has both nature and spirit and the desire for personal choice.
Sexual love is a sacred mystery between husband and wife.
Sexual love is also much more emotional than other forms of love, at least in adults.
Sexual love is for the purpose of giving and receiving pleasure with our most intimate partner.
Sexual love is more than just reproduction.
Sexual love is physical attraction
Sexual love is sexual activities.
Sexual lubricants are a very sexy sex toy.
Sexual lubricants can make condom use more enjoyable, which also reinforces continued condom usage.
Sexual lubrication is helpful right at the start of sexual activity.
Sexual lust leads to authoritarian controls on our behavior.
Any sexual magnetism is left curiously off-screen.
Sexual manipulation is examined, albeit in a light-hearted way.
Sexual masochism actualizes female negativity, just as sexual sadism actualizes male positivity.
Sexual masochism is more common in males, but the incidence in females appears to be on the rise.
Sexual matters are also a taboo subject within the farmworker family.
Sexual matters are difficult.
Sexual maturation involves a final metamorphosis that prepares the eels for ocean life.
Sexual maturation is the beginning of periodic ovulation.
Sexual maturation occurs at an earlier age than previously among rural Transkeian adolescents.
Sexual maturation takes place during the following spring or summer.
Sexual maturation takes place during the spring or summer following birth.
Some sexual maturation leads to interaction.
Sexual maturity appears to have begun no later than the tenth year of life.
Sexual maturity can double heart mass and cardiac power output in male rainbow trout.
Sexual maturity comes at eleven months.
Sexual maturity comes at three months in many rabbit species to a year or two in many hare species.
Sexual maturity comes early with ewe lambs capable of breeding at six to seven months.
Sexual maturity involves incorporating sexual desire into one's personality.
Sexual maturity is a function of size rather than age.
Sexual maturity is achieved between the second and third year.
Sexual maturity is achieved by the age of three months.
Sexual maturity is achieved in the spring following birth.
Sexual maturity is achieved.
Sexual maturity is another issue.
Sexual maturity is around eight months.
Sexual maturity is at three years.
Sexual maturity is attained about one month after attachment.
Sexual maturity is attained after two to three years in males and three years in females.
Sexual maturity is attained at one year.
Sexual maturity is attained at six years.
Sexual maturity is attained at the age of six years.
Sexual maturity is attained in the second year of life.
Sexual maturity is attained in the third year.
Sexual maturity is attained within a year.
Sexual maturity is attained, in males, in the summer after the first winter dormancy .
Sexual maturity is between three and six years of age.
Sexual maturity is both physical and mental.
Sexual maturity is dependent on size, and relates to age as it correlates with growth.
Sexual maturity is initiated.
Sexual maturity is late, and the total life span long.
Sexual maturity is marked by the first steep and abrupt decline in bone growth cycle thickness.
Sexual maturity is reached about the fifth year of life.
Sexual maturity is reached after one year of age.
Sexual maturity is reached after two to five years.
Sexual maturity is reached around two months of age, breeding can be year-round.
Sexual maturity is reached at about nine months of age.
Sexual maturity is reached at about seven years of age.
Sexual maturity is reached at about six months old.
Sexual maturity is reached at about three to five years of age.
Sexual maturity is reached at about three years.
Sexual maturity is reached at about two years of age.
Sexual maturity is reached at an age of three years.
Sexual maturity is reached at between one and two years.
Sexual maturity is reached at fifteen metres in males and sixteen metres in females.
Sexual maturity is reached at four years for females, and six years for males.
Sexual maturity is reached at four years of age.
Sexual maturity is reached at four years, and females calve every other year.
Sexual maturity is reached at one to two years of age.
Sexual maturity is reached at one year.
Sexual maturity is reached at the end of one year of life.
Sexual maturity is reached at three to five years.
Sexual maturity is reached at three to four years.
Sexual maturity is reached at three years of age, and most fish die by age six.
Sexual maturity is reached between nine months of age to a year old.
Sexual maturity is reached between the ages of eight and thirteen.
Sexual maturity is reached by most individuals the spring after birth.
Sexual maturity is reached by the following spring.
Sexual maturity is reached during the upstream migration for both male and female sticklebacks.
Sexual maturity is reached early at two to three months of age.
Sexual maturity is reached in about two years by many snakes.
Sexual maturity is reached in both colts and fillies at about eighteen months.
Sexual maturity is reached in females by five months of age.
Sexual maturity is reached in the next breeding season.
Sexual maturity is reached in the third year.
Sexual maturity is reached the following spring, perpetuating the reproductive cycle.
Sexual maturity is reached within one or two years, depending on the species.
Sexual maturity is reached within two to four years.
Sexual maturity is reached.
Sexual maturity is the age or stage when an organism can reprode .
Sexual maturity is thought to be attained in about eight years.
Sexual maturity occurs around two years of age.
Sexual maturity occurs at age two in females and age three to five in males.
Sexual maturity occurs at ten years of age.
Sexual maturity occurs at three to four years for females and four to five years for males.
Sexual maturity occurs between the ages of five and ten.
Sexual maturity occurs in females at one year and in males at two years.
Sexual maturity occurs in females when three or four years old and in males at five years.
Sexual maturity occurs in the second year.
Sexual maturity relates to size.
Sexual maturity seems to be reached in the third to fifth year of life.
Sexual maturity seems to come at about the same time.
Sexual maturity takes two years.
Sexual maturity varies with latitude, being much earlier for fish in the south than in the north.
Sexual messages are pervasive in today's society.
Sexual method involves the conjugation which is similar to the bacteria type cells.
Sexual minorities become the scapegoat for any number of societal weaknesses.
Sexual minorities experience many forms of discrimination.
Sexual minority includes both sexual orientation and gender identity issues.
Sexual misconduct continues to occur at a high rate.
Sexual misconduct corrodes self-respect, harms children and destroys the partner's peace of mind.
Sexual misconduct has a serious impact on the quality of the educational and work experience.
Sexual misconduct has a serious negative impact on the quality of the education and work experience.
Sexual misconduct includes sexual assault or sexual intercourse, without consent.
Sexual misconduct includes sexual harassment and any form of criminal sexual conduct.
Sexual misconduct is a class A misdemeanor.
Sexual misconduct is a serious problem on college campuses throughout the country.
Sexual misconduct is a violation of the Student Code of Conduct.
Sexual misconduct is defined as any unwanted act that is intended in a sexual manner.
Sexual misconduct is illegal.
Sexual misconduct is impossible unless one generates passion.
Sexual misconduct is socially irresponsible and violates the rights of other individuals.
Sexual misconduct means having sexual relationship with someone other than one's spouse.
Sexual misconduct occurs when one party refuses to take no for an answer.
Sexual misconduct represents a grave breach of professionalism and has no place in the military.
Sexual misconduct shatters the bond of trust within a college community.
Sexual misuse is a big problem in our culture.
Sexual molestation is also a constant threat.
Sexual morality is at the core of the cultural war.
Sexual morality is based on a belief that all human life is sacred.
Sexual morality is education in real loving.
Sexual morality is morality
Sexual morality is the second major theme.
Sexual motivation is a possibility in any killing.
Many sexual murderers thrive on fantasies to foment their sadistic impulses.
Sexual mutilation begets sexual mutilation.
Sexual nature can be self-gratifying.
Sexual nature is by no means a special case.
Sexual nature is either lusty and noncommittal or highly moralistic.
Sexual nature requires changing stimuli.
Sexual nature swings between extreme activity or laziness, with an openness toward experimentation.
Sexual needs differ as well.
Sexual objectification is another common characteristic of pornography.
Sexual obsession is common with fanatics.
Sexual obsession is nothing new to our generation.
Sexual obsession leads to the downfall of a prominent British man.
Sexual offenders are dangerous.
Sexual offenders are generally subject to a ten-year registration period.
Sexual offenders are more likely to reoffend than certain other criminals.
Sexual offenders are often the most hated criminals of all time.
Sexual offenders come in all ages, shapes and sizes.
Sexual offenders constitute one of the most frequent groups of repeat offenders in our country.
Sexual offenders learn sexual roles and expectations of roles of the other sex.
Most sexual offenders are males.
Any sexual offense is a significant issue which affects all members of the campus community.
Most sexual offenses are felonies.
Some sexual offense involves children.
Some sexual offense involves pupils.
Sexual opportunity arises by the combined effects of many uncontrolled happenings.
Sexual organs are burnt, someone is branded, there is also a scalping and an eye and tongue removal.
Sexual organs develop on the underside of the prothallium, and fertilization occurs.
Sexual organs have clear design and purpose.
Some sexual organs have hooks.
Sexual organisms carry two copies of any given gene, each supplied by one parent.
Sexual organisms inherit a copy of a gene from each parent.
Sexual orgasm is controlled primarily by the sympathetic division.
Sexual orgasm is seen as a cosmic and divine experience.
Sexual orientation appears after puberty but is established by early childhood.
Sexual orientation applies to heterosexuals, gays, lesbians or bisexuals.
Sexual orientation concerns the gender to which one is attracted.
Sexual orientation continues to be studied by human sexuality researchers.
Sexual orientation develops across a person's lifetime.
Sexual orientation emerges for most people in early adolescence without any prior sexual experience.
Sexual orientation falls along a continuum.
Sexual orientation has nothing to do with paedophilia.
Sexual orientation includes homosexuality, bisexuality, and heterosexuality.
Sexual orientation includes the status of being gay, lesbian, heterosexual or bisexual.
Sexual orientation involves behavior, especially in response to passion.
Sexual orientation is a basic part of a person's identity.
Sexual orientation is a behavior that can change.
Sexual orientation is a choice.
Sexual orientation is a controversial issue.
Sexual orientation is a fundamental trait of great scientific interest.
Sexual orientation is a lifestyle choice and a personal choice.
Sexual orientation is a modern concept.
Sexual orientation is a natural part of human development.
Sexual orientation is a newly protected category in California's public schools.
Sexual orientation is a private matter.
Sexual orientation is a product of biology, cultural norms and experience.
Sexual orientation is a subject that is less and less a taboo.
Sexual orientation is a timely example.
Sexual orientation is a topic in the new class developed for all preview trainers.
Sexual orientation is a topic that is frequently discussed and widely misunderstood.
Sexual orientation is a variable, and some transsexuals are content to remain celibate.
Sexual orientation is about who a person loves or is attracted to.
Sexual orientation is about who one is attracted to.
Sexual orientation is about whom one is attracted to.
Sexual orientation is an instinct.
Sexual orientation is an invisible trait.
Sexual orientation is but a vein of desire.
Sexual orientation is covered in the city of Cleveland.
Sexual orientation is defined as a heterosexual, homosexual, lesbian or bisexual orientation.
Sexual orientation is defined as meaning heterosexuality, homosexuality, and bisexuality.
Sexual orientation is defined by who a person is attracted to, both emotionally and physically.
Sexual orientation is determined by genetics.
Sexual orientation is different from sexual behavior because it refers to feelings and self-concept.
Sexual orientation is enough.
Sexual orientation is independent from looks.
Sexual orientation is just much more complicated than that.
Sexual orientation is just one little part.
Sexual orientation is merely an innate attraction.
Sexual orientation is much more blurred for today's adolescents.
Sexual orientation is no longer a factor in recruitment.
Sexual orientation is one component of a person's identity.
Sexual orientation is one's identity in the world.
Sexual orientation is perhaps the most delicate of all assessment topics.
Sexual orientation is perhaps the most profound of all human behavioral characteristics.
Sexual orientation is perhaps the most profound of human behavioral characteristics.
Sexual orientation is set by the age of five, and is non-elective.
Sexual orientation is the correct term.
Sexual orientation is totally irrelevant to the quality of parenting.
Sexual orientation is totally irrelevant.
Sexual orientation is very similar.
Sexual orientation means just that.
Sexual orientation refers to an individual's preference with respect to gender.
Sexual orientation refers to whether a person is hetero sexual, homosexual, or bisexual.
Sexual orientation relates to feelings.
Sexual orientation remains ill-defined.
Sexual orientation seems to be incredibly strong and fixed very early in life.
Sexual orientation varies.
Sexual orientation works in scales.
All sexual orientations are welcome.
All sexual orientations welcome.
Many sexual orientations mentioned here are part of it.
Some sexual orientations are heterosexuality, homosexuality, bestiality, pedophilia.
Sexual overtures are the biggest single fear of American businesswomen who travel overseas.
Sexual paedophiles are purer candidates for monster status.
Sexual pain comes in many forms including rape, incest, and molestation.
Sexual parasites are organisms betwixt and between the extremes and sexual and asexual reproduction.
Sexual parthenogenesis occurs in some, but asexual reproduction is unknown.
Sexual partners are welcome to attend as well.
Sexual partners tend to meet in conventional ways through social networks.
Sexual passion belongs within a mutual and healthy love relationship.
Sexual passion is nearly always highest at the beginning, when everything is new and exciting.
Sexual passion is real.
Sexual passions are hard to control and properly direct, and romantic ties are in some way fated.
Sexual penetration includes intercourse or any intrusion, however slight.
Sexual penetration includes vaginal, anal or oral sex or penetration by an object.
Some sexual penetrations involve organs.
Some sexual penetrations involve sex organs.
Some sexual people are perfectly fine without a sexual relationship.
Sexual performance leads to political underperformance, which is equated with emasculation.
Sexual permissiveness is incompatible with real social revolution.
Sexual permissiveness is rampant.
Sexual permissiveness threatens to undermine the entire fabric of civilized society.
Sexual perversion abounds.
Sexual perversion is at the peak.
Sexual perversion is mentioned.
Sexual perversion is related to the form of society.
Sexual perversion is sex
Sexual perversion leads to the collapse of society.
Sexual perversions are abominations.
Sexual perversions represent an extreme attempt to overcome rejection.
Sexual perversity is the downfall of a civilized world.
Sexual pervert is translated into two words.
Sexual phenomena are known among the protists.
Sexual pictures hotass free oral sex pics and the xxxporn jpegs.
Sexual planaria are hermaphrodites , possessing both testicles and ovaries.
Sexual planaria are hermaphroditic.
Sexual play can start with innuendo in the morning for activity in the evening.
Sexual play is considered a normal part of growing up.
Sexual playfulness is vital for continuing to experience each other as lovers.
Sexual pleasure adds to the quality of life for everybody, including people with disabilities.
Sexual pleasure has no place in American sex education.
Sexual pleasure is a good thing.
Sexual pleasure is a powerful force.
Sexual pleasure is denied.
Sexual pleasure is god.
Sexual pleasure is good.
Sexual pleasure is more difficult to achieve after a few drinks.
Sexual pleasure is pleasure
Sexual pleasure is pleasure.
Sexual pleasure is temporary.
Any sexual pleasure is attenuated by the onus of responsibility to the form.
Sexual pollution has the potential of becoming a sexually harassing act.
Sexual populations are coherent systems.
Sexual positions depend on preference and on medical problems.
Sexual positions stimulate women and men in different ways.
Sexual possibilities are at their best.
Sexual practice is an activity
Sexual practices are discussed but there is no explicit sexual activity.
Sexual practices are hard to document, but that is the rumor.
Many sexual practices are totally safe.
Some sexual practices can increase risk.
Sexual precocity is merely artificial, and is most often the result of ill-directed upbringing.
Sexual predators are different than more typical sex offenders.
Sexual predators are patient, sometimes taking months before inviting a child to meet face to face.
Sexual predators are poor, blue-collar workers.
Sexual predators are very active on the Web.
Sexual predators can look a lot different on the outside, but share the same dark heart.
Sexual predators require a prodigious level of rationalization to persist in their crimes.
Sexual predators terrorize our lives.
Many sexual predators prefer children to fulfill their sexual gratification.
Sexual preference indicates little more than a pattern of repeated pleasurable behaviors.
Sexual preference is a human right.
Sexual preference is a person's choice.
Sexual preference is a private issue.
Sexual preference is another matter, however.
Sexual preference is any.
Sexual preference is as variable as culture and food habits.
Sexual preference is just that, preference.
Sexual preference is no problem.
Sexual preferences vary, just as all human behavior varies across the spectrum of billions of human.
All sexual preferences welcome.
Sexual prejudice can take more subtle but just as devastating forms.
Sexual pressure can take many forms.
Sexual pressure is at an all-time high.
All sexual pressure is inappropriate.
Sexual problems are an ever-increasing challenge today.
Sexual problems are usually difficult for anyone to talk about even under the best circumstances.
Sexual problems can also produce significant issues related to identity and femininity.
Sexual problems can take many forms.
Sexual problems occur for a variety of reasons and at any age or stage of relationships.
Many sexual problems are psychological in nature.
Some sexual problems affect vaginas.
Some sexual problems arise from tension.
Sexual processes occur.
Sexual promiscuity is another sign of sexual abuse or incest.
Sexual promiscuity is even bad for our civilization.
Sexual promiscuity is even bad for the health of our civilization.
Sexual promiscuity is everywhere.
Sexual promiscuity is practiced and rationalized.
Sexual promiscuity is rampant in Africa with multiple wives and multiple partners.
Sexual promiscuity is said to be rampant among our youth as is the explosion of violence.
Sexual promiscuity is unintelligent and an indication of a lack of maturity.
Sexual promiscuity runs a close second.
Sexual promiscuity seems to contain it's own backlash.
Sexual promiscuity speaks for itself.
Sexual propagation comes down to the seed.
Sexual propagation is relatively easy and often requires no special equipment.
Sexual propagation is the reproduction of plants by seeds.
Sexual propagation is the reproduction of plants from seeds.
Sexual propagation uses seeds to produce new plants.
Sexual propagation uses the seeds of plants.
Sexual purity is, indeed, old fashioned.
Sexual purpose means for the arousing or gratifying of anyone's sexual desires.
All sexual questions refer to activity after puberty.
Sexual recombination benefits an outcrossing host through the production of variable offspring.
Sexual recombination is the mechanism for maintaining it.
Sexual recombination is the sexual shuffling of alleles due to meiosis.
Sexual recombination poses the root problem in both cases.
Sexual recruitment is therefore extremely rare.
Sexual references abound.
Some sexual references mar the dialogue.
A sexual relation is sex
Sexual relations are acts which affect couples, families, and eventually communities.
Sexual relations are only one aspect of marriage.
Sexual relations are possible if enough penile tissue remains following surgery.
Sexual relations can sometimes start up some bleeding postpartum for the first one or two times.
Sexual relations is a form of therapy for married couples.
A sexual relationship is a relationship
Sexual relationships are a normal part of healthy living.
Sexual relationships are relationships.
Sexual relationships are to be heterosexual and they are to be strictly confined to marriage.
Sexual relationships become seriously strained in women with vulvodynia.
Sexual relationships begin earlier.
Sexual relationships bring great joy and cause great pain.
Sexual relationships depend on the level of intimacy desired and enjoyed between individuals.
Sexual relationships have an impact on many parts of a person's life.
Sexual relationships present physical and emotional risks.
All sexual relationships reflect power relationships.
Any sexual relationship is a give and take relationship.
Most sexual relationships are a mirror of the overall relationship.
Sexual release is a primary form of discharge, a way to stay soft and sweet.
Sexual repression can cause much worse.
Sexual repression is a key element in socialization in the bourgeois family.
Sexual repression is also fundamental to the oppression of young people.
Sexual repression is one of the cornerstones of artistic repression.
Sexual repression leads to abuse, frustration and psychological damage.
Sexual reproduction allows for genetic variation.
Sexual reproduction allows for greater diversity but is considerably slower.
Sexual reproduction allows for recombination between chromosomes from different individuals.
Sexual reproduction allows for variation, the most fundamental element of evolution .
Sexual reproduction allows for variation.
Sexual reproduction allows the greatest number of offspring to be produced.
Sexual reproduction appears to be the normal method with individual heads being sterile.
Sexual reproduction begins at about three to four years.
Sexual reproduction brings changes too, by reshuffling the genes of the parents.
Sexual reproduction can be internal or external .
Sexual reproduction can be isogamous, anisogamous, or oogamous.
Sexual reproduction can combine the good mutations of different individuals.
Sexual reproduction can create a tremendous amount of variation within a species.
Sexual reproduction can happen without intercourse.
Sexual reproduction can occur in a single strain, when the species is homothallic.
Sexual reproduction can produce elevated ploidy levels.
Sexual reproduction can take several months to complete.
Sexual reproduction combines an egg and a sperm.
Sexual reproduction combines genes from a mother and a father, making a genetically unique organism.
Sexual reproduction combines the genetic materials of two plants.
Sexual reproduction consists essentially of the union of two nuclei, one from each of the parents.
Sexual reproduction consists of two processes.
Sexual reproduction creates genetic variation that allows for evolution.
Sexual reproduction creates potential.
Sexual reproduction creates unique offspring with traits from both parents.
Sexual reproduction diversifies the gene pool.
Sexual reproduction does occur b.
Sexual reproduction does occur but is limited by the distribution of male and female plants.
Sexual reproduction ensures genetic diversity in the progeny.
Sexual reproduction ensures the combination of different genotypes.
Sexual reproduction fuses the processes of sex and reproduction.
Sexual reproduction gives the great advantage of the possibility of gene recombination.
Sexual reproduction gives the offspring genes from both parents.
Sexual reproduction happens between two organisms of the opposite sex.
Sexual reproduction happens in the adult stage.
Sexual reproduction happens internally.
Sexual reproduction happens through basidiospores being born on basidia, club-shaped structures.
Sexual reproduction happens when the going starts to get tough.
Sexual reproduction has a key evolutionary advantage over the asexual variety.
Sexual reproduction has advantage.
Sexual reproduction has an evolutionary advantage over asexual reproduction because it.
Sexual reproduction has both advantages and disadvantages.
Sexual reproduction has many energy costs.
Sexual reproduction has the potential to produce tremendous genetic variation in offspring.
Sexual reproduction has two different gender and asexual reproduction has only one gender.
Sexual reproduction has widespread and varied ramifications affecting many aspects of biology.
Sexual reproduction includes pollination.
Sexual reproduction includes the fusion of gametes in a process called to produce a diploid zygote.
Sexual reproduction increases genetic diversity in a population.
Sexual reproduction increases genetic variation.
Sexual reproduction increases variation.
Sexual reproduction insures a mixing of the gene pool of the species.
Sexual reproduction introduces new gene combinations in a population through genetic recombination .
Sexual reproduction introduces other problems for evolutionary scenarios.
Sexual reproduction involves a sporophyte stage and a gametophyte stage.
Sexual reproduction involves alternation.
Sexual reproduction involves courtship rituals.
Sexual reproduction involves fertilization of a female by a male, a mating.
Sexual reproduction involves fertilization, which can take place either externally or internally.
Sexual reproduction involves fertilization.
Sexual reproduction involves formation of sperms and ova.
Sexual reproduction involves fusion of male and female gametes.
Sexual reproduction involves insect pollination, followed by seed production and dispersal.
Sexual reproduction involves karyogamy and meiosis.
Sexual reproduction involves meiosis - two consecutive cell divisions.
Sexual reproduction involves meiosis and syngamy.
Sexual reproduction involves meiosis.
Sexual reproduction involves nuclei.
Sexual reproduction involves parents.
Sexual reproduction involves parents.
Sexual reproduction involves pollination and fertilization resulting in the formation of seed.
Sexual reproduction involves producing eggs and sperm at different times.
Sexual reproduction involves production.
Sexual reproduction involves specialized reproductive cells or gametes.
Sexual reproduction involves sperm and an egg.
Sexual reproduction involves the combination of sperm and eggs.
Sexual reproduction involves the combining of a sperm cell and an egg cell from two individuals.
Sexual reproduction involves the external fertilization of eggs by spermatozoa.
Sexual reproduction involves the fertilization of eggs with sperm.
Sexual reproduction involves the formation of basidiospores on club-shaped cells known as basidia .
Sexual reproduction involves the fusing of haploid genetic material from two individuals.
Sexual reproduction involves the fusion of gametes, usually called eggs and sperm.
Sexual reproduction involves the fusion of isogametes and anisogametes.
Sexual reproduction involves the fusion of male and female gametes.
Sexual reproduction involves the joining of .
Sexual reproduction involves the production of ascospores .
Sexual reproduction involves the production of ascospores.
Sexual reproduction involves the random assortment and shuffling of genes.
Sexual reproduction involves the two alternating processes of meiosis and fertilization.
Sexual reproduction involves the union of a male and a female germ cell.
Sexual reproduction involves the union of a male and a female m cell.
Sexual reproduction involves the union of cells from two parents.
Sexual reproduction involves the union of sex cells, or gametes.
Sexual reproduction involves the union of substances from two different animals.
Sexual reproduction involves the union of two compatible fungal nuclei followed by meiotic division.
Sexual reproduction involves the union of two organisms rather than the splitting of one.
Sexual reproduction involves two gametes from different parents.
Sexual reproduction involves two individual organisms.
Sexual reproduction involves two parents and produces offspring that are genetically unique.
Sexual reproduction involves two parents, and each parent contributes half of the genetic material.
Sexual reproduction involves two parents, one male and one female.
Sexual reproduction is a common method of producing a new individual within various species .
Sexual reproduction is a complicated, biologically costly business.
Sexual reproduction is a fascinating study for ethologists and the students of evolution.
Sexual reproduction is a mean of exchanging genetic information and increasing diversity.
Sexual reproduction is a more complex process.
Sexual reproduction is a near-universal mode of reproduction among eukaryotes .
Sexual reproduction is a process that can only be found in eukaryotes .
Sexual reproduction is a process that can only be found in eukaryotes.
Sexual reproduction is a refinement of bacterial conjugation.
Sexual reproduction is a response to unfavorable environmental conditions.
Sexual reproduction is a rich source of genetic variation and commonly observed among fungi.
Sexual reproduction is a source of genetic variation.
Sexual reproduction is a union that results in increasing genetic diversity of the offspring.
Sexual reproduction is a way of reproduction of some animals and plants.
Sexual reproduction is absent.
Sexual reproduction is accomplished through a form of conjugation.
Sexual reproduction is advantageous because it helps increase genetic diversity in the species.
Sexual reproduction is an ancient evolutionary tool.
Sexual reproduction is an obligate stage in the life cycle of most species.
Sexual reproduction is based on a process known as recombination .
Sexual reproduction is based on the process of pollination.
Sexual reproduction is better than asexual reproduction.
Sexual reproduction is by conjugation .
Sexual reproduction is by conjugation.
Sexual reproduction is by gametangial contact resulting in the formation of an oospore.
Sexual reproduction is by gametangial contact.
Sexual reproduction is by gametangial copulation and results in the formation of zygospores.
Sexual reproduction is by the fusion of isogametes.
Sexual reproduction is common in eukaryotic organisms.
Sexual reproduction is common when environmental conditions are stable.
Sexual reproduction is common when environmental conditions change rapidly.
Sexual reproduction is considered primitive in insects.
Sexual reproduction is faster.
Sexual reproduction is governed by a complex system of sex hormones.
Sexual reproduction is how most Anemones species reproduce.
Sexual reproduction is how most animals make their young, which involves a male and a female parent.
Sexual reproduction is important because it allows genetic diversity to thrive in a species.
Sexual reproduction is isogamies or anisogamous.
Sexual reproduction is isogamous in pennate diatoms.
Sexual reproduction is isogamous or anisogamous.
Sexual reproduction is limited.
Sexual reproduction is more common.
Sexual reproduction is more likely to be advantageous if environments change rapidly.
Sexual reproduction is more much complex than asexual reproduction.
Sexual reproduction is no more that an effort to create genetic diversity.
Sexual reproduction is oogamous in centric diatoms.
Sexual reproduction is oogamous which involves gametogenesis and syngamy.
Sexual reproduction is oogamous, but only one oosphere is formed in each oogonium.
Sexual reproduction is oogamous, there being more than one oosphere in each oogonium.
Sexual reproduction is possible but Hawaiian species more often propagate by cloning.
Sexual reproduction is pretty darn great.
Sexual reproduction is rare in most species.
Sexual reproduction is reproduction
Sexual reproduction is reproduction.
Sexual reproduction is responsible for genetic variation via meiosis and random fertilization.
Sexual reproduction is similar to that for mosses.
Sexual reproduction is simple and more rapid allowing larger numbers of offspring to be produced.
Sexual reproduction is slow, but it does generate genetic variation.
Sexual reproduction is so full of uncertainty.
Sexual reproduction is syngamy - the union of two gametes.
Sexual reproduction is the combination of egg and sperm to form larvae.
Sexual reproduction is the formation of offspring by the fusion of gametes .
Sexual reproduction is the mixing of chromosomes to make organisms with new combinations of traits.
Sexual reproduction is the most common type of reproduction for garden plants.
Sexual reproduction is the most common type of reprotion for garden plants.
Sexual reproduction is the most common way by which organisms multiply and pass on their genes.
Sexual reproduction is the natural combination of pollen and staman to produce seeds.
Sexual reproduction is the norm among virtually all higher order organisms.
Sexual reproduction is the norm.
Sexual reproduction is the process of a sperm fertilizing an egg.
Sexual reproduction is the production of offspring from two parent using gametes.
Sexual reproduction is the union of male and female gametes to form a fertilized egg, or zygote.
Sexual reproduction is the union of the sperm and the egg.
Sexual reproduction is therefore a means to avoiding extinction.
Sexual reproduction is therefore extremely common among animals.
Sexual reproduction is thought to be the driving force for genetic diversity.
Sexual reproduction is thought to introduce genetic conflict between family members.
Sexual reproduction is through normal flowers and seeds.
Sexual reproduction is thus subject to species selection.
Sexual reproduction is tied to the production of new individuals.
Sexual reproduction is triggered when the cells reach a certain minimal size.
Sexual reproduction is unknown in Euglenophyceae.
Sexual reproduction is unknown.
Sexual reproduction is used by most mammals, fish, reptiles , birds and insects.
Sexual reproduction is used to produce offspring with genetic variability.
Sexual reproduction is usually between two parent plants.
Sexual reproduction is varied in three ways.
Sexual reproduction is via conjugation , in which hyphae from different mating types fuse.
Sexual reproduction is via seed.
Sexual reproduction is what allows evolution to occur.
Sexual reproduction is what happens naturally.
Sexual reproduction is when a bee comes and the pollen of the blueberry gets stuck to the bee.
Sexual reproduction is when offspring occur from two parent cells.
Sexual reproduction is when two parents put cells into their young.
Sexual reproduction is when u have fun.
Sexual reproduction leads to a great variety in population.
Sexual reproduction leads to diversity.
Sexual reproduction leads to genetic diversity.
Sexual reproduction leads to genetic variation in new generations of offspring.
Sexual reproduction leads to higher biodiversity than asexual reproduction.
Sexual reproduction leads to more genetic variation in progeny than does asexual reproduction.
Sexual reproduction lets the plant produce more offspring.
Sexual reproduction lowers the maximum reproductive rate but produces genetic variability.
Sexual reproduction makes a species more fit for survival.
Sexual reproduction means there is much greater scope for genetic variation of offspring.
Sexual reproduction mixes the genes up more than is possible with asexual reproduction.
Sexual reproduction mixes up the DNA, distributing neutral mutations around the population.
Sexual reproduction needs two parents, a male and a female.
Sexual reproduction needs two parents.
Sexual reproduction occurs by the formation of antheridia and oogonia.
Sexual reproduction occurs by the formation of small projections be- tween two adjacent hyphae.
Sexual reproduction occurs during the mating season in autumn.
Sexual reproduction occurs in a cycle.
Sexual reproduction occurs in animals.
Sexual reproduction occurs in late summer, when pollen from male flowers fertilizes female flowers.
Sexual reproduction occurs in practically all forms of life.
Sexual reproduction occurs in some species by conjugation.
Sexual reproduction occurs in the flower.
Sexual reproduction occurs in the intestines and results in the excretion of oocysts in the feces.
Sexual reproduction occurs in the wild, and has been documented in captivity, as well.
Sexual reproduction occurs just once per year, if at all.
Sexual reproduction occurs later in the life cycle.
Sexual reproduction occurs on the gametophyte generation and requires water for fertilisation.
Sexual reproduction occurs ordinarily in autumn.
Sexual reproduction occurs through pollination and most commercial cultivars are self-pollinated.
Sexual reproduction occurs through the medusae.
Sexual reproduction occurs under certain circumstances.
Sexual reproduction occurs under circumstances.
Sexual reproduction occurs when a sperm cell from the male fuses with an egg cell from the female.
Sexual reproduction occurs when the plus and minus strains fuse.
Sexual reproduction occurs when the sperm of a male fertilizes the egg of a female.
Sexual reproduction occurs when the succeeding generations shrink to a critical size.
Sexual reproduction occurs when two different bodies both give their genes to birth an offspring.
Sexual reproduction occurs within an infected host.
Sexual reproduction occurs.
Sexual reproduction offers advantage.
Sexual reproduction offers benefits.
Sexual reproduction offers evolutionary advantage.
Sexual reproduction permits a rapid response to changing selective forces.
Sexual reproduction predominates in animals and higher plants.
Sexual reproduction prevents the plant from passing on harmful mutations.
Sexual reproduction proceeds through the formation of gametes in gametangia as well as by spores.
Sexual reproduction produces a free-swimming, ciliated larva called a planula.
Sexual reproduction produces a single-celled organism when egg and sperm unite.
Sexual reproduction produces diversity.
Sexual reproduction produces genetic variability within a population.
Sexual reproduction produces genetically unique offspring, allowing for adaptation .
Sexual reproduction produces genetically unique offspring.
Sexual reproduction produces hormones.
Sexual reproduction produces individuals with new combinations of recombined chromosomes.
Sexual reproduction produces larger numbers of offspring in less time.
Sexual reproduction produces molt hormones.
Sexual reproduction produces multicellular algae instead of unicellular algae.
Sexual reproduction produces offspring that inherit half their genes from each parent.
Sexual reproduction produces offspring which are genetically different.
Sexual reproduction produces offspring with genetic material from both parents.
Sexual reproduction produces offspring with novel combinations of genes.
Sexual reproduction produces offspring.
Sexual reproduction promotes genetic variability.
Sexual reproduction provides a source for natural selection.
Sexual reproduction provides more chances for genetic variation.
Sexual reproduction puts together new combinations of genes in offspring.
Sexual reproduction requires a long gestation period.
Sexual reproduction requires a union of gametes and provides a unique diploid individual.
Sexual reproduction requires an egg and pollen containing sperm.
Sexual reproduction requires both male and female flower parts.
Sexual reproduction requires both male and female gametes.
Sexual reproduction requires DNA from a sperm cell and an egg cell.
Sexual reproduction requires energy.
Sexual reproduction requires fertilization of an egg by a sperm.
Sexual reproduction requires formation of gametes, followed by fertilization.
Sexual reproduction requires parents.
Sexual reproduction requires pollination and the transfer of genes through gametes .
Sexual reproduction requires production.
Sexual reproduction requires sex with two parents to create genetically diverse off-springs.
Sexual reproduction requires that the two different gametes be brought together to fuse.
Sexual reproduction requires the involvement of two individuals, typically one of each sex .
Sexual reproduction requires the presence of two mating types.
Sexual reproduction requires two animals of the same species to reproduce.
Sexual reproduction requires two parents and is genetically variable.
Sexual reproduction requires two parents, each of which contributes half the DNA in each offspring.
Sexual reproduction results ingenetic variation in the offspring.
Sexual reproduction seems like a lot of baggage to carry along if it is functionless.
Sexual reproduction serves to create genetic variety.
Sexual reproduction starts when conditions become unfavorable.
Sexual reproduction takes advantage of desirable environmental conditions.
Sexual reproduction takes many forms in multicellular organisms.
Sexual reproduction takes many forms within the diatoms.
Sexual reproduction takes more time, but creates new organisms with a variety of characteristics.
Sexual reproduction takes place by anemone species that release sperm and eggs.
Sexual reproduction takes place by conjugation method.
Sexual reproduction takes place in early summer.
Sexual reproduction takes place in the flower of the plant.
Sexual reproduction takes place in the mesohyl.
Sexual reproduction takes place when a sperm fertilizes an egg .
Sexual reproduction takes place when a sperm fertilizes an egg.
Sexual reproduction takes place when conditions for parthenogenesis become less favorable.
Sexual reproduction tends to mix genes throughout a population or even an entire species.
Sexual reproduction uses the process of meiosis to increase genetic diversity.
Sexual reproduction utilizes far less energy than asexual reproduction.
Sexual reproduction varies among plant groups.
Sexual reproduction works with ascospores, produces within ascus, in the structure called ascocarp.
Most sexual reproduction allows for genetic variation.
Most sexual reproduction allows for variation.
Most sexual reproduction creates potential.
Most sexual reproduction happens within another host.
Most sexual reproduction has advantage.
Most sexual reproduction includes pollination.
Most sexual reproduction increases genetic variation.
Most sexual reproduction increases variation.
Most sexual reproduction involves alternation.
Most sexual reproduction involves fertilization.
Most sexual reproduction involves meiosis.
Most sexual reproduction involves nuclei.
Most sexual reproduction involves parents.
Most sexual reproduction involves production.
Most sexual reproduction leads to diversity.
Most sexual reproduction leads to genetic diversity.
Most sexual reproduction occurs in animals.
Most sexual reproduction occurs under certain circumstances.
Most sexual reproduction occurs under circumstances.
Most sexual reproduction offers advantage.
Most sexual reproduction offers benefits.
Most sexual reproduction offers evolutionary advantage.
Most sexual reproduction produces hormones.
Most sexual reproduction produces molt hormones.
Most sexual reproduction produces offspring.
Most sexual reproduction requires energy.
Most sexual reproduction requires parents.
Most sexual reproduction requires production.
Some sexual reproduction depends on events.
Some sexual reproduction increases variability.
Some sexual reproduction involves pollination.
Some sexual reproduction occurs during months.
Some sexual reproduction occurs in environments.
Some sexual reproduction occurs in late summer.
Some sexual reproduction occurs in lunar environments.
Some sexual reproduction occurs in organisms.
Some sexual reproduction occurs in summer.
Some sexual reproduction promotes variation.
Some sexual reproduction requires fusion.
Some sexual reproduction requires genetic materials.
Some sexual reproduction requires materials.
Some sexual reproduction requires water.
Some sexual reproduction uses light.
Sexual research is performed to provide accurate information to several audiences.
Most sexual research concentrates on the study of intercourse.
Sexual response has non-sexual roots.
Sexual response is a normal part of our human makeup.
Sexual response is a reflex.
Sexual response is natural in guys.
Sexual responses are one major category of behavior which can be triggered by pheromones.
All Sexual response is natural.
Sexual responsibility means being smart and staying healthy.
Sexual responsiveness varies hugely from man to man.
Sexual restraint generates cohesion, intensifying the relationships that are countenanced.
Sexual rights are among the newest rights to be defined within the existing human rights framework.
Sexual rights are human rights.
Some sexual risks are emotional.
Some sexual risks are physical.
Sexual rituals constitute a miniscule part of tantra.
Sexual routines are apt to be established early in marriage and observed throughout life.
Sexual sadism involving unwilling victims is extremely difficult to treat.
Sexual sadism is much more common in males.
Sexual sadism is usually chronic.
Sexual sadists plan ahead The weapon of choice is often a knife because it causes such anguish.
Sexual samples are in red and asexual samples are in blue.
Sexual sanity happens through discipline.
Sexual satisfaction comes cheaply today.
Sexual satisfaction is a mirror of the relationship and the individual's happiness.
Sexual satisfaction is related to good communication.
Sexual scenes are difficult, because they are emotionally dangerous for the actors.
Sexual schlock is often at the center of sweeps sensationalism, but that poses a problem.
Sexual scientists question medical treatment of hermaphroditism.
Sexual scripts are more about gender role expectations than about sexual behaviors themselves.
Sexual secrecy can lead to ignorance and unnecessary risk-taking.
Some sexual secretion contains carbohydrates.
Sexual selection acts only if the offspring matured into a male and can be selected by a female.
Sexual selection acts through the higher mating success for larger males.
Sexual selection acts via variance in the number of mates.
Sexual selection arises through variance in mating success.
Sexual selection can affect reproductive success at multiple reproductive stages.
Sexual selection can be a kind of evolutionary arms race.
Sexual selection can complicate rather than assist the problems of survival.
Sexual selection can therefore reinforce natural selection and accelerate the rate of adaptation.
Sexual selection causes sexual dimorphism since it usually concerns males.
Sexual selection drives rapid divergence in bowerbird display traits.
Sexual selection favors large males and females.
Sexual selection favors traits that increase the likelihood of securing a mate.
Sexual selection has costs for both males and females.
Sexual selection has two components, intrasexual competition and intersexual selection.
Sexual selection increases phenotypic variation drastically.
Sexual selection is a circular process based on a particular fashion.
Sexual selection is a corollary of natural selection and the two processes work in the same manner.
Sexual selection is a mode of selection that operates on an organism's ability to obtain a mate.
Sexual selection is about who gets the opportunity to reproduce.
Sexual selection is also evident.
Sexual selection is always harsher on the competing sex.
Sexual selection is an accelerator of speciation.
Sexual selection is an important part of the evolution of most vertebrate species.
Sexual selection is based on competition within a species or population.
Sexual selection is clearly an instance of non-random mating.
Sexual selection is designated as variance in the number of mates.
Sexual selection is influenced by many things.
Sexual selection is one, random changes are another.
Sexual selection is one-way traffic, which is why peacocks look ridiculous and peahens look normal.
Sexual selection is selection for characters that enhance mating success.
Sexual selection is selective pressure by members of the opposite sex.
Sexual selection is strong in elephant seals.
Sexual selection is the clearest and best established case of positive feedback evolution in nature.
Sexual selection is the dominant force in the recent evolution of our species.
Sexual selection is the process that determines who is able to successfully reproduce.
Sexual selection is the selection of a trait by one sex in a mating pair.
Sexual selection is, therefore, less rigorous than natural selection.
Sexual selection leads to the evolution of characters that are apparently maladaptive.
Sexual selection occurs when return traits increase mating success.
Sexual selection operates in monogamous species as well as polygamous ones.
Sexual selection operates on females as well as males.
Sexual selection plays a very important part in evolution.
Sexual selection protects against extinction.
Sexual selection refers to selection based on competition for access to mates.
Sexual selection results from a struggle among males for access to females.
Sexual selection shapes the characters underlying reproductive success.
Sexual selection stands with natural selection as a mighty engine of evolutionary change.
Sexual selections affect reproductive success.
Sexual selections affect success.
Sexual selections play major roles.
Sexual selections play roles.
Most sexual selections affect reproductive success.
Most sexual selections affect success.
Most sexual selections play major roles.
Most sexual selections play roles.
Some sexual selections cause evolution.
Some sexual selections explain patterns.
Some sexual selections lead to dimorphism.
Some sexual selections lead to evolution.
Some sexual selections lead to sexual dimorphism.
Sexual sensitivity is decreased when a boy is circumcised.
Sexual sin can destroy lives, ministries, and reputations.
Sexual sin is a sin because lust is the counter-power to love.
Sexual sin is entertainment.
Sexual sin is like no other sin.
Sexual sin is never far from the door and sexual temptation is probably knocking.
Sexual sin is very insidious.
Sexual sins are among the most poisonous.
Sexual sins are an offense against our own bodies.
Sexual sins disintegrate the family unit and endanger the health of society.
Sexual sins seem to be regarded as a graver problem.
Sexual situations are limited to the band's revealing wardrobe and one chaste kiss.
Sexual situations are mild, but the sexual slang is graphic.
Sexual situations can be more dangerous when alcohol is involved.
Sexual situations involve a couple overheard having sex.
Any sexual situations are of a heterosexual nature.
Sexual slang is common.
Sexual solicitation is a class B misdemeanor.
Sexual sparks do fly, though.
Sexual species are like groups of inventors pooling together their resources.
Some sexual species are polyploid as well.
Sexual spores are produced in club-shaped cells that extend from a mass of tightly woven hyphae.
Sexual spores are zygospores.
Sexual stages appear to be produced in both loca- tions.
Sexual stereotypes are alive and well in the school yard, a new survey reveals.
Sexual stereotypes are another.
Sexual stereotypes can be sources of pressure.
Sexual sterility is more common among hybrids as opposed to more stable parental species.
Sexual steroids have several diffuse effects.
Sexual stimulation causes orgasm.
Sexual stimulation gives the addict a rush of adrenaline and endorphins.
Sexual stimulation is exciting and relaxing.
Sexual stimulation is necessary for the pill to be effective.
Sexual stimulations promise a lie.
Some sexual stimulation results in erections.
Sexual strain means exhaustion due to intemperance in sexual life.
Sexual struggles are far more than skin-deep.
Sexual stupidity is at the root of a lot of human problems.
Sexual stupidity is much larger and more pervasive than that.
Sexual submissiveness is nothing new.
Sexual survival depends on knowing the difference between a birthmark and a rash.
Sexual taboos go astray in the face of imminent death.
Sexual talk is in vogue and they can go along with it.
Sexual technique involves growing of the plant from a seed.
Sexual temptation continues to be one of the most effective weapons in the devil's arsenal.
Sexual temptation is a significant problem for many.
Sexual temptation is common to humanity.
Sexual temptation is so strong.
Sexual temptation is very strong in our day and age.
Sexual tension fills the air.
Sexual tension involves the first stages in the mating dance.
Sexual tension is a major factor.
Sexual tension is in the air.
Sexual tensions simmer, jealousies erupt, and the line between right and wrong becomes blurred.
Sexual themes refers to portrayal of nudity, sexual intercourse or explicit intimacy.
Sexual thoughts are caused by the relating , the linking of a normal thought with sexual ones.
Sexual topics are particularly difficult because of the extraordinary number of euphemisms used.
Sexual torture includes rape, sexual humiliation, and witnessing others being raped.
Sexual transmission can occur with multiple sexual partners or after having sex with prostitutes.
Sexual transmission can spread the infection.
Sexual transmission has negligible significance in the aetiology of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
Sexual transmission is a form of horizontal transmission.
Sexual transmission is a very low risk.
Sexual transmission is also possible though inefficient.
Sexual transmission is known to occur in many species.
Sexual transmission is mainly the result of exposure to infected sexual secretions.
Sexual transmission is responsible for only a small percentage of cases, but is increasing rapidly.
Sexual transmission is suspected.
Sexual transmission is the main mode as well as the victim's saliva.
Sexual transmission is the primary means of transmission, but non-sexual transmission also occurs.
Sexual transmission is uncommon.
Sexual transmission is unlikely.
Sexual transmission is very rare.
Sexual transmission occurs at a low frequency.
Sexual transmission occurs in relation to oral-anal practices.
Sexual transmission occurs through anal, vaginal, or oral sex.
Sexual transmission places the receptive partner at the greatest risk.
Sexual transparency is the goal.
Sexual trauma has no affect on sexual function, but drugs seriously mess up performance.
Sexual uncleanness lasts until sundown.
Sexual understanding is similar.
A sexual union is sex
Sexual union can become a slow, lingering, peaceful sex, celebrated with someone they love.
Sexual union consists in the fusion of the two nuclei in the basidium.
Sexual union is a biotic anticipation of self-giving love.
Sexual union is for pleasure and closeness and for procreation.
Sexual union is one of the blessings of marriage.
Sexual union is only one part of the total language of sexuality.
Sexual union is then part of something bigger-the union of two persons' lives.
A sexual urge is feeling
Sexual urge is a natural instinct.
Sexual urge is equal in both the sexes.
Sexual urges are more complicated.
Sexual violation is when a person is forced to engage in sexual acts involuntarily.
Sexual violations can and do occur.
Sexual violations can cause problems in a romantic relationship, both sexually and otherwise.
Sexual violence affects countries.
Sexual violence affects thousands of Massachusetts residents each year.
Sexual violence can be the means of causing death in the context of genocide.
Sexual violence can happen to anyone, at any time, anywhere.
Sexual violence can happen to anyone, regardless of age, gender, race, religion, etc.
Sexual violence can occur against both males and females.
Sexual violence can occur in same-sex relationships.
Sexual violence does have a general connection to the economy.
Sexual violence exists on a continuum.
Sexual violence falling short of rape, especially within domestic circles, is targeted at women.
Sexual violence happens more than once.
Sexual violence has no place in a learning environment.
Sexual violence has no place in a learning or work environment.
Sexual violence has potentially direct effects on women s reproductive health.
Sexual violence includes sexual abuse of female children in the household and marital rape.
Sexual violence includes sexual exploitation and sexual abuse.
Sexual violence includes unwelcome touching, fondling or forced intimacy.
Sexual violence involves actual physical violation, which applies more often to women.
Sexual violence is a form of gender-based violence.
Sexual violence is a nightmare.
Sexual violence is a physical act of aggression that includes a sexual act or sexual purpose.
Sexual violence is a risk to all women and girls.
Sexual violence is a thing of the past.
Sexual violence is an abuse of power using sex as a weapon.
Sexual violence is an expression of the abuse of power.
Sexual violence is an umbrella term used to cover a broad spectrum of abuse.
Sexual violence is any form of unwanted or coercive sexual contact.
Sexual violence is any unwanted act of a sexual nature .
Sexual violence is any unwanted act of a sexual nature.
Sexual violence is as old as war and is one of the bases for sexual oppression and sexism.
Sexual violence is by far the most unreported violent crime in our society.
Sexual violence is committed by strangers and, more often, acquaintances, friends or relatives.
Sexual violence is common, and it usually escalates when families are separated.
Sexual violence is endemic and lethal, both within and outside marriage.
Sexual violence is forced or coerced sexual touching.
Sexual violence is particularly common in ethnic conflicts.
Sexual violence is rampant in South African society, also outside the schoolyard.
Sexual violence is so painful for the victims.
Sexual violence is unacceptable regardless of the relationship.
Sexual violence is used as a form of social control to maintain heterosexism.
Sexual violence is used by the perpetrator as a means to control and dominate.
Sexual violence is usually a factor, whether it be before or after death.
Sexual violence occurs when sex is used as a weapon to gain power and control over someone else.
Sexual violence recognizes no income, age, gender sexual preference or cultural boundaries.
Sexual virtue tends to be a touchy subject among humans.
Sexual vitality is an important part of life at any age.
Sexual vitality returns.
Sexual wellness is seen as a marker of virility and masculinity.
Sexual wholeness is possible.
Sexual zing transfixes national television.
Sexualised violence is when violence is taking place with a sexual element in the scene.
Sexuality education begins at home.
Sexuality education falls into three general categories.
Sexuality education is a lifelong process.
Sexuality education is an ongoing process.
Sexuality education is an ongoing, lifelong process.
Sexuality education promotes the values of respect and responsibility and committed relationships.
Sexuality educators are well positioned to design and conduct girls' development strategies.
Sexuality begins at birth and ends at death.
Sexuality brings with it a new and enriched relationship to the world.
Sexuality can be a doorway into bliss instead of a stumbling block to be overcome.
Sexuality can be a factor.
Sexuality can be a philosophical topic.
Sexuality can be a vehicle into spirituality rather than an obstacle to it.
Sexuality can be a very fine line with women.
Sexuality can be more about decisions and actions than appearance.
Sexuality can be very fluid among transgenders.
Sexuality can be very subversive of family stability.
Sexuality can exist only with acknowledgment of personhood.
Sexuality can make friendships harder.
Sexuality can remain consistent all the way up until death.
Sexuality can still be an enjoyable part of life.
Sexuality comes too early now and interferes with a student's school development.
Sexuality draws attention whether favorably or unfavorably.
Sexuality drives our actions and our words.
Sexuality encompasses both sexual behavior and sexual desire.
Sexuality encompasses our sexual knowledge, attitudes, values and behaviors.
Sexuality exists in earlier stages of illness.
Sexuality explains everything and has the answers for all aspects of the human condition.
Sexuality flows from the onset of physical changes.
Sexuality grips the imagination so because life and death are wrapped up in it.
Sexuality has always interested people.
Sexuality has low priority and importance in Hinduism.
Sexuality has nothing to do with the origin of life.
Sexuality includes awareness of gender, and capacity for erotic experiences and responses.
Sexuality includes many areas of our lives.
Sexuality includes physical, ethical, social, spiritual, psychological, and emotional dimensions.
Sexuality incorporates still more possibilities.
Sexuality involves imagination, fantasy, and imagery.
Sexuality is a basic part of our physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual lives.
Sexuality is a beautiful expression of love.
Sexuality is a beautiful expression of Love.
Sexuality is a beautiful gift.
Sexuality is a central issue in girls' lives, especially at adolescence.
Sexuality is a characteristic of people at all ages.
Sexuality is a choice.
Sexuality is a complex and hard to understand continuum of feelings.
Sexuality is a complex aspect of each of our lives.
Sexuality is a complex issue.
Sexuality is a continuum, an arch o er-reaching the sexes.
Sexuality is a core aspect of identity.
Sexuality is a crucial aspect of human life and functioning.
Sexuality is a fairly fluid thing.
Sexuality is a flower with many petals - it has many dimensions and related issues.
Sexuality is a form of communication, of expressing one's own personality to another person.
Sexuality is a gift.
Sexuality is a healthy and natural occurrence throughout a person's life cycle.
Sexuality is a highly complex and volatile part of human existence.
Sexuality is a huge neglected aspect.
Sexuality is a large component of one's personality.
Sexuality is a matter of relationships.
Sexuality is a meditative tool.
Sexuality is a much broader term than sex which denotes only gender.
Sexuality is a natural and healthy part of living.
Sexuality is a natural and normal part of being human.
Sexuality is a natural and normal part of life.
Sexuality is a normal part of growing up and the accompanying curiosity is always going to be there.
Sexuality is a part of human personality, including all aspects of being male or female.
Sexuality is a part of our lives that can bring fulfillment, excitement and satisfaction.
Sexuality is a particular arena where the flesh rebels.
Sexuality is a power, but in marriage it can be purposeful, guided, and ordered.
Sexuality is a powerful force.
Sexuality is a powerful issue, so it still lingers in the story.
Sexuality is a prevalent theme throughout the novel.
Sexuality is a private issue, yet it has many social implications.
Sexuality is a private matter.
Sexuality is a property
Sexuality is a really big deal for almost everyone, from middle school on.
Sexuality is a response that people learn about throughout their life.
Sexuality is a separate ocean in a patient's world.
Sexuality is a serious matter on our campus, in our society and in our world.
Sexuality is a sign of the whole person in the unity of love.
Sexuality is a significant part of being human and has many expressions.
Sexuality is a significant part of our physiological, psychological, social and spiritual selves.
Sexuality is a subject often ignored by parents and professionals.
Sexuality is a tender subject for all.
Sexuality is a term used to describe a whole range of feelings, desires and actions relating to sex.
Sexuality is a topic around which other kinds of battles get fought.
Sexuality is a trait that is highly valued in American society, but the repercussions are costly.
Sexuality is a typical and popularized topic for discussion.
Sexuality is a value and good.
Sexuality is a very complex issue, encompassing physical, emotional, and psychological factors.
Sexuality is a very important part of our Earthly school of learning.
Sexuality is a very powerful force, for men and for women.
Sexuality is a very private thing.
Sexuality is a very strong energy, the focus of many cravings, vanities and delusions.
Sexuality is a wonderful experience, so enjoy it.
Sexuality is about style, taste, play, performance and personal preference.
Sexuality is about values, respect, emotions, and justice.
Sexuality is addressed through publications that discuss and embrace alternative lifestyles.
Sexuality is all over the place.
Sexuality is also related to feminist revolutionary dialectic.
Sexuality is an especially sensitive area of relationship.
Sexuality is an exclusive component of the family unit represented by a husband and wife.
Sexuality is an expression of joy, or at least is intended to be.
Sexuality is an important channel of communication in the societies of most species.
Sexuality is an important part of all of our lives.
Sexuality is an important part of being human and is discussed openly.
Sexuality is an important part of every person's physical and mental health .
Sexuality is an important part of young people's lives.
Sexuality is an innate characteristic rooted deep within our biological makeup.
Sexuality is an instinct, which is inborn.
Sexuality is an integral part of one's personality throughout life.
Sexuality is an integral part of our personality.
Sexuality is an integral part of personality and self-image.
Sexuality is an intimate act where both parties feel good about themselves and each other.
Sexuality is an ongoing process for youths and adults.
Sexuality is associated with a bombing, a strangling, a mock gang rape.
Sexuality is basic to the physical, mental and social development of humans.
Sexuality is biological, just the same as skin color, eye color and so on.
Sexuality is biological.
Sexuality is by no means a simple biological function.
Sexuality is central to our humanity and integral to our spirituality.
Sexuality is closely related to family relationships and morality, but it is separate.
Sexuality is cold and cruel.
Sexuality is complex and encompasses emotional, physical and social factors.
Sexuality is constructed through the interaction between the individual and social structures.
Sexuality is creative life energy.
Sexuality is debased and the sexual revolution has twisted sexual roles.
Sexuality is defined as being challenged and modified through the participants' lives.
Sexuality is defined by the potential to have an attraction to an individual.
Sexuality is defined in the limited sense of heterosexual relationship within marriage.
Sexuality is descriptive.
Sexuality is discussed within the framework of the mature love relationship.
Sexuality is dynamic, fluid, and fun to explore.
Sexuality is enormously complex, and so are our feelings about it.
Sexuality is everywhere in our culture, especially in modern times.
Sexuality is expressed through the gonads and is associated with pleasure and being playful.
Sexuality is extreme with all of the language, talk and some nudity.
Sexuality is extremely important but it has to be understood.
Sexuality is fairly central to the plot, but all sexual encounters are presented mildly.
Sexuality is far more complex than a simple divison between straight and gay.
Sexuality is fragile because it requires so much trust to give one's body to another.
Sexuality is free.
Sexuality is good.
Sexuality is hard-wired into the brain long before puberty.
Sexuality is high on their priority list and is right below the veneer they show to the world.
Sexuality is highly fluid, and reversals are theoretically possible.
Sexuality is holy.
Sexuality is important.
Sexuality is inappropriate when it becomes an unloving and selfish act.
Sexuality is just another part of what makes each person an individual.
Sexuality is just on the borderline of being openly discussed.
Sexuality is just one facet.
Sexuality is just one more category along which society is stratified.
Sexuality is mild, but a few sexually derived comments are heard, mostly from the sniveling inmates.
Sexuality is more an exchange of emotional energy generated by the Spirit of Oneness.
Sexuality is more complicated.
Sexuality is more than body parts rubbing against each other.
Sexuality is more than just sexual intercourse.
Sexuality is much more complicated than pink and blue.
Sexuality is normal.
Sexuality is nothing without trust and sensuality.
Sexuality is often a delicate balance between emotional and physical issues.
Sexuality is often a very delicate part of our psyches.
Sexuality is often exaggerated and sexual symbolism exploited.
Sexuality is one of our most primal and basic urges.
Sexuality is one of the most beautiful things about humanity.
Sexuality is one thing, sensuality is another.
Sexuality is ordered to the conjugal love of man and woman.
Sexuality is part of life.
Sexuality is part of our lives.
Sexuality is part of social psychology.
Sexuality is power.
Sexuality is powerful, but it is neither good nor bad in and of itself.
Sexuality is powerful.
Sexuality is presented in a straight forward manner with excellent illustrations.
Sexuality is presented in the media as alluring and romantic.
Sexuality is primarily instinctive, and deviation is incompatible with an instinct.
Sexuality is raised to the level of spiritual heights.
Sexuality is rampant in cyberspace.
Sexuality is recognized as an important aspect of personal identity.
Sexuality is recognized.
Sexuality is sacred, part of the miracle of creation.
Sexuality is sacred.
Sexuality is seen as a position of extremes rather than a narrative.
Sexuality is seen as a positive aspect of personality.
Sexuality is sensitive in the Southeast Asian region.
Sexuality is sexuality.
Sexuality is shaped to a great extent by learning, particularly within the family.
Sexuality is something beautiful.
Sexuality is something different for every person.
Sexuality is something that needs to be talked about.
Sexuality is something to be celebrated.
Sexuality is spiritually powerful, and sexual choices influence spiritual choices.
Sexuality is still a matter of categories.
Sexuality is still the realm of dirty, sinful, immoral, shameful impulses.
Sexuality is stimulated by the primary force of nature to reproduce the species.
Sexuality is studied as a gift and a power to be reverenced and protected.
Sexuality is subject to the taboos of the community.
Sexuality is subjected to rigorous discipline, being used to conquer lower desires.
Sexuality is such a vivid expression of life that it's impossible to miss.
Sexuality is taboo in Algeria, homosexuality in particular.
Sexuality is that yearning for communion and creation.
Sexuality is the greatest gift to give someone worthy of it.
Sexuality is the interrelationship of cultural, psychological, ethical and biological dimensions.
Sexuality is the most private thing in the world.
Sexuality is the only topic of discussion here, yet actual sex is regarded as affrontery.
Sexuality is the result of the whole person's life situation.
Sexuality is the use of energy, of allowing it to flow properly through it s proper conduits.
Sexuality is too important to leave to the technocrats and moralists.
Sexuality is ultimately about intimacy.
Sexuality is up for grabs all over the world.
Sexuality is very complicated.
Sexuality is very important to everyday life.
Sexuality is viewed from a feminist perspective.
Sexuality is viewed from physiological, sociological, psychological and spiritual perspectives.
Sexuality makes up a large share of the self-perceived identity of some, a small share of others.
Sexuality occurs in many facets of our daily life such as advertising, movies, etc.
Sexuality offers power.
Sexuality oozes out of their every pore.
Sexuality permeates the media, the music, and the imagination of our society.
Sexuality plays a social role for humans beyond simple reproduction.
Sexuality possesses so much power in our world.
Sexuality refers to both genderedness and sex life.
Sexuality refers to much more than sexual intercourse.
Sexuality refers to the basic drives and yearnings within a person to know and to be known.
Sexuality remains indelible, however, in both sound and nomenclature.
Sexuality tends to be considered a private matter.
All sexualities are welcome.
Sexy amateurs flash their boobs outside.
Sexy babes suck big cocks and get cum all over themselves.
Sexy boots are a mainstay of superheroes everywhere.
Sexy boy fights in snow.
Sexy brunette welcomes merger talks and take-over bids.
Sexy chick licks a prick.
Sexy facials peepshows pictures fucking nipples models.
Sexy facials peepshows pictures fucking nipples.
Sexy girls give foot jobs.
Sexy girls take off everything.
Sexy ladies are ready for tit-fucking and nipple pinching.
Sexy lingerie is a great gift idea.
Sexy people eat sexy fish, or so it seems.
Sexy pics tits fucking sites.
Sexy slut straddles a stiff shaft.
Sexy stars thong bottom and string bikini top.
Sexy stories sell.
Sexy teens blowing dicks and taking cocks in their tight pussy and ass, that is cool.
Sexy teens have to pee a lot sometimes if they drink too much water.
Sexy thing screams for more sausage.
Sexy wives show off their tiny tits.
SFIP information is also available in a hard copy format.
SFIP information relates to compliance and inspection history, chemical releases, and spills.
All SFPE members have voting rights.
SFSF members click here for rehearsal dates and times.
SFSU faculty provide students with clear information about requirements for individual courses.
SFSU students excel.
SFSU students represent the whole state, country and world at the school.
SFSU study shows low-income pregnant women afraid to seek medical care.
Most SG groups monitor many other variables at their stations.
SGA assistance fluctuates yearly and makes it difficult to adequately plan for the future.
SGA money is to be spent on what it was allocated for.
SHA reports have a new look.
SHA shop is located past the first light on the right.
Shabbat lunch follows the same formula as dinner the night before.
Shabbat lunch follows.
Shabby gloves are ruinous to a well-dressed appearance.
Shabby graphics is a small price to pay for such a fun-packed experience.
SHAC meetings are open to the public.
SHAC members are offerred the opportunity to sit on many campus committees.
A shack is shelter
Shack have soul.
Shack is a sonic dirigible, utterly uplifting to the spirits.
Shack is invisible directly above mailbox.
Shack isa shelter.
Shack sells an inexpensive modulator.
Shacks are a reality and most of the slums are comprised of shacks.
Shacks are books.
Shacks are small buildings.
Shacks have (part) bases.
Shacks have (part) sections.
Shacks offer pizza.
Most shacks have TVs and stoves.
Some shacks are well quipped with beach beds, beach chairs, beach umbrellas, masseurs, etc.
A shackle is a constraint
Shackles are bars.
Shackles are fetters.
Shackles are hot forged for safety and security.
Shackles are hot forged for safety.
Shackles are part of any sailors life be it power or sail, big or small, new or old.
Shackles are part of padlocks.
Shackles are restraint.
Shackles Learn to model handcuffs or shackles.
Shackles placed there can cause terrible injuries if a painter snaps.
Shackled convicts stop near a bridge for the night, men and women in separate groups.
Shad color works well.
Shad fisherman can take six per day.
Shad fishing is an age-old tradition on the Hudson.
Shad fishing remains good.
Shad fishing remains one of Carolina's most rewarding sports, even on off days.
A shad roe is seafood
Shad roe is considered a delicacy.
Shad season is open when they arrive in local waters and runs until they're gone.
Shad size can go from about one to three pounds and it is a real fighter.
Shad Valley is about challenge - physical, intellectual, emotional, and social.
Shad Valley is Canada's premier program in science, technology, and entrepreneurship .
Shad Valley is held on campus at eight leading universities across Canada.
A shad is a food fish
Shad also attract walleye and muskie.
Shad also rely heavily on plankton for food.
Shad are also thick and usually concentrated along the wing wall opposite the lock chamber.
Shad are among the strongest and hardest-fighting fish that are found in freshwater.
Shad are among the strongest and hardest-fighting of all fish found in freshwater.
Shad are anadromous, meaning they live in saltwater, then swim up freshwater rivers to spawn.
Shad are bony.
Shad are extremely sensitive creatures.
Shad are here too.
Shad are reportedly back, and the bass are active.
Shad are surface spawners that emit an adhesive egg that sticks to the first thing it touches.
Shad are the best bait around jetties and nightcrawlers in the shallows.
Shad are the best bet for larger fish in opn water, such as striped bass.
Shad are the most numerous sport fish in the river.
Shad are thick in the upper river.
Shad encourages students to experience the variety of opportunities in the high-tech field.
Shad have very tender mouths.
Shad is a member of the herring family.
Shad is a particularly favorite target of blue cat and anglers seeking blue cat.
Shad is central to Virginia s political food chain.
Shad is the best bait .
Shad is the largest member of the herring family.
Shad is the main forage base in many of our midwest lakes and rivers.
Shad is the only fish the state health department allows commercial fishermen to sell today.
Shad is truly a copying expert, professionally turning out a great product, day after day.
Shad is very low.
Shad keep best in large, round containers with aerated water.
Shad seem to prefer areas dominated by shallow water or broad flats with sand or gravel bottoms.
Shad spend most of their lives in the ocean, but return to their native rivers to spawn.
Shad spend their first summer in tributary and river nursery areas.
Shads are bright, gleaming fish.
Shads are fish.
Some shad exhibit a yellow color phase, believed to be a genetic variation.
Shadblow serviceberry is usually a large shrub but can be pruned into a tree form.
Shade coffee can be an appealing media issue.
Shade coffee is grown under a canopy of dozens of tree species.
Shade coffee provides a refuge for biodiversity.
Shade coffee provides a valuable crop while maintaining diversity.
Shade Creek is typically fun for everyone.
Shade garden combines both young and middle aged plants.
Shade gardens are places of special, quiet beauty.
Shade gardens are very rich and interesting in terms of textures and shapes and mood.
Shade gardens can be a welcome spot come summer.
Shade gardens tend to stay moist and are more susceptible to root and plant rot.
Shades of Black explodes the myth that self-hatred is the dominant theme in Black identity.
Shades of black is very appropriate here.
Many shades of color are available from natural lip color to a more dramatic look.
Shades of orange is used to represent protein metabolism.
Shades of purple are the most common but pink, white, and yellow are also available.
Shades of red can be complex.
Any shade of yellow is a positive reaction.
Every shade of yellow indicates a function of our intellect.
Shade plants are another specialty, with hundreds of varieties of hosta.
Shade plants produce plants.
Shade plants require at least two hours of sun each day.
Many shade plants forbid active because different, however Austria protest our.
Most shade plants prefer moist soil.
Most shade plants prefer slightly acidic soil with lots of organic matter.
Most shade plants produce plants.
Some shade plants produce fruit.
Some shade plants produce poor quality fruit.
Shade shrubs have leaves.
Shade tolerance differs among mangrove species.
A shade tree is a tree
Shade trees abound.
Shade trees are along the creek.
Shade trees are an excellent way to protect the home from the direct sun.
Shade trees are another good idea.
Shade trees are as important to most people as traffic lights, garbage trucks, and storm sewers.
Shade trees are located in parks.
Shade trees are open grown.
Shade trees are throuthout the complex.
Shade trees are trees.
Shade trees can be deciduous.
Shade trees can be difficult to cut down.
Shade trees can provide fruit and wood for fuel, helping farmers to diversify.
Shade trees cool the streets in the summer and at the same time reduce the dust in the air.
Shade trees cover picnic tables and a changing house with showers is on site.
Shade trees create a comfortable environment.
Shade trees dot the landscape.
Shade trees grow along the side walks, most of which are willow.
Shade trees grow larger every year and can slowly shade a once sunny garden spot.
Shade trees grow to feet.
Shade trees have a natural cooling effect because they transpire water through their leaves.
Shade trees have requirements.
Shade trees have specific requirements.
Shade trees have specific site requirements.
Shade trees help cool homes in summer.
Shade trees help cut the costs of air conditioning.
Shade trees help maintain soil quality.
Shade trees make our environment healthier and add beauty to communities.
Shade trees make the most profit.
Shade trees provide comfort for customers and vendors.
Shade trees provide protection.
Shade trees provide shade in summer.
Shade trees reduce summer heat, making outdoor living more pleasant.
Shade trees save electricity.
Shade trees vary from cypress to cedar, with various oaks, black walnuts, sycamore, and pecans.
Most shade trees fall into the canopy category and require full sun to do well.
Most shade trees grow to feet.
Most shade trees have requirements.
Most shade trees have specific requirements.
Most shade trees have specific site requirements.
Most shade trees provide protection.
A shade is darkness
Shade cast by trees on the bank makes a dark corridor of water which is safer for migrating fishes.
Shade grown and organic coffees are our specialty.
Shade grown coffee helps small-scale farmers and the environment.
Shade grown coffee is important because it gives migratory birds a safe place to live.
Shade grown coffee is organic and grown in natural fertile soil.
Shade grown coffee is politically correct coffee.
Shade grown coffee requires little or no chemical fertilizers, pesticides or herbicides.
Shade grown is better for birds than estate grown coffee.
Shade isa darkness.
Shade kills lower branches.
Shade loving plants and shrubs are available in many varieties.
Shade match capsule syringe .
Shade produced by competing weeds can often reduce fruit yields.
Shade provided by window screen cages is suspected of making an unmeasured positive contribution.
Shade reduces light intensity and water temperature.
Shades also enjoys romping in the grass.
Shades also perform well as a tan alternative for fair skin.
Shades are also easier to clean than blinds.
Shades are available in a variety of colors.
Shades are available in fabrics ranging from sheer to opaque.
Shades are color.
Shades are colors mixed with black.
Shades are cool.
Shades Are Cool.
Shades are good for island life.
Shades are in silk, with crystal drops.
Shades are interchangeable.
Shades are located in bridges.
Shades are located in forests.
Shades are located in houses.
Shades are located in malls.
Shades are located in parks.
Shades are located in pockets.
Shades are located in trees.
Shades are located in windows.
Shades are optional.
Shades are part of lamps.
Shades are popular in Thailand now.
Shades are protective covering.
Shades are reminders.
Shades are representations.
Shades are sunglasses.
Shades are the relative darkness of a color and Tints are the relative lightness of a color.
Shades are the relative darkness of an object and tints the relative lightness.
Shades are window covering.
Shades attach to vehicle window frames with velcro.
Shades beats any price and ships worldwide.
Shades can also block much of the outside view and reduce the ability to use daylight.
Shades combine a high degree of privacy and light control with simple installation and operation.
Shades create environments.
Shades cut heat gain on sunny days.
Shades help absorb unwanted noise and provide excellent insulation.
Shades lift again, revealing jade sketched topaz.
Shades provide habitats.
Shades range from aquamarine in the deep chutes to royal blue in pine-shaded back eddies.
Shades range from pink to deep red - and all are stunning.
Shades reduce heat.
Shades vary from white to crystalline.
Shades vary from wildlife patterns to delicate florals.
All shades are acceptable but the richer shades are generally preferred.
All shades feature hand-tucked craftsmanship.
Any shade is likely to be occupied by any number of critters seeking relief from the heat.
Many shades are decorative but absorb light or reflect it in the wrong direction.
More shade is found along the Pecos River, as it is lined with cottonwoods, willows and birch.
More shade produces tall spindly foliage and less flowers.
Most shade comes from trees.
Most shade loving perennials do their best in a northern or eastern exposure.
Most shades are quiet tones, including icy pink in main living areas and terra cotta in the kitchen.
Most shades create environments.
Most shades provide habitats.
Most shades reduce heat.
Some shade is beneficial especially during the early years.
Some shade is beneficial.
Some shade is essential for the small eggs to avoid overheating and drying up.
Some shades are created by crops.
Some shades are easier to clean than others.
Some shades are sand-finished, adding additional texture and depth.
Some shades cause diseases.
Some shades have effects.
Some shades have impact.
Some shades have negative impact.
Some shades prevent growth.
Some shades promote growth.
Some shades promote plant growth.
Some shades promote vigorous growth.
Some shades promote vigorous plant growth.
Shaded area covers pumping frequencies for tanks that are smaller than minimum recommended sizes.
Shaded area includes projected figures.
Shaded area indicate the uncertainty on the diffusivity value .
Shaded area indicates all areas where students are excluded from living on campus.
Shaded area indicates extent of court.
Shaded area indicates harm from major extracranial bleeds.
Shaded area indicates the area of lung generally diseased by pleuropneumonia.
Shaded area indicates the partial excavation conducted.
Shaded area is actual percentage based on database.
Shaded area is for non-oversized goods only.
Shaded area is the aircraft fuselage.
Shaded area reflects the hurricane season in Australia.
Shaded areas are economic recessions.
Most shaded areas are over-watered.
Shaded boxes appear in different type with a different edge format, unlike the main text.
Shaded boxes are to be completed on a voluntary basis.
Shaded boxes indicate genes that are extensively or pan-edited .
Shaded boxes indicate placement goals for the campus as a whole.
Shaded boxes represent totals which are automatically calculated.
Shaded campsites are available beneath the trees behind the beach.
Shaded campsites are plentiful at the park.
Shaded cells contain estimates.
Shaded cells indicate that information is available.
Shaded cells represent calculated values used to replace a poor dissolution.
Shaded cells show hard and soft constraints associated with the path.
Shaded chemicals exceed comparison values.
Shaded days are collection days.
Shaded days are discussion sections.
Shaded days indicate that an event has been scheduled.
All shaded days are events.
Shaded drawings provide fill patterns that indicate which department uses the room.
Shaded glasses are a good idea for avoiding sun glare.
Shaded items are new products, while the bolded items reflect price changes.
Shaded lamps reside on each table an afford an air of intimacy.
Shaded lawns are available for picnicking and recreation.
Shaded letters indicate identical bases.
Shaded numbers are draft estimates.
Shaded parking is available.
Shaded patios offer an escape from the outside world.
Shaded poles are used instead, but the torque is small at some angles.
Shaded porches are perfect places to lounge the day away.
Shaded rectangle is the inferred rupture area.
Shaded regions indicate areas with increased vulnerability to future climate stress.
Shaded regions indicate busy processors or communication performed.
Shaded regions indicate countries which have reported cases.
Shaded regions represent the span in which the designated courses can be taken.
Shaded relief accentuates mountain ranges.
Shaded relief is our specialty.
Shaded results are statistically better than control.
Shaded results provide the best estimate of relative hybrid performance.
Shaded rows are most popular renewable energy sizes.
Some shaded shelter is planned and lawn chairs are recommended.
Shaded spaces are no longer available.
Most shaded spots are easy to ignore.
Shaded textures are far higher quality and faster than any others Unshaded textures.
Shaded titles are currently available.
Shaded trails are nice for summer.
Shaded triangles are digital stations within the region.
Shaded values are for windows shaded by a roof overhang.
Shaded values are for windows with no external shading.
Shaded walkways are cool even on the hottest days.
Shadings are gradation.
Shadings are marking.
Shadow bands are particularly clear on white surfaces.
A shadow box is a box
Shadow boxes are wood with white interior and black border.
All shadow boxes measure appropriate hence various, but cottage exist someone.
Shadow Creek is a visual masterpiece located in Southern Nevada.
Shadow dragons appear as wormlike dragons of lighter and darker shadows.
Shadow heaps support the insert operations for simple priority queues in an amortized time.
Shadow maps are a lot harder to set up then ray traces shadows.
Shadow marks show shadows on banks and ditches in the early mornings and late evenings.
Shadow mask is a similar type of display.
Shadow matter is predicted by some variants of superstring theories.
Shadow noise appears well controlled.
Shadows of darkness steal across the sky Though the darkness gathers, restless souls sleep.
Shadows of darkness surround thee.
Shadow of death falls on groundhog.
Shadow password Use a shadow password.
Shadow passwords are default.
Shadow passwords attempt to cure a real problem.
Shadow passwords can give a false sense of security, though.
Shadow people are imaginary beings who have been given animation.
Shadow people are nothing more than the spirits people have encountered throughout history.
Shadow play is a show
Shadow play provides an ominous feel to the composition.
Shadow plays are another source of entertainment.
Shadow prices can be negative or positive.
Shadow prices provide the producer the value of increasing production.
Shadow puppet shows with live human beings.
Shadow puppets are translucent figures colored in with paints.
Shadow puppets are usually two-dimensional.
Shadow puppets perform Islamic stories.
Shadow puppetry is an ancient tradition that lives on today.
Shadow puppetry is another famous folk art.
Shadow puppetry is very old, and comes mostly from Asia, especially Indonesia.
Shadow puppetry sounds rather exotic.
Shadow Rock is full of mystery and suspense.
All shadow sides match perfectly.
Shadow Tag Let the children play shadow tag on a sunny day.
Shadow warriors have no training in discretion.
Shadow weave is a twill with a shadow.
A shadow is a shade
Shadow adds depth visually and a complexity of character.
Shadow carries much of the mood here.
Shadow cast by top portion of case obstruct small portion of screen.
Shadow catching With camera in hand it is time to load the film and get to making photographs.
Shadow definitely needs a fenced yard.
Shadow drill frequently.
Shadow fills the corners and darkens pink roses on walls sagging from years of wear.
Shadow follows when editing paths .
Shadow follows when editing paths.
Shadow hides an area while light gives it prominence.
Shadow holds up apparent severed head.
Shadow isa shade.
Shadow likes to go for rides in the car, and enjoys playing with tennis balls.
Shadow likes to try on dresses, and Patches sometimes makes small messes.
Shadow likes to try to sniff the cat's butt.
Shadow likes treats, especially biscuits.
Shadow loves bobbing for hotdogs.
Shadow loves the pet door, and goes in and out all day.
Shadow mask Behind the TV screen is a special grille called a shadow mask with tiny holes in it.
Shadow points out the device's usefulness in gulling potential investors.
Shadow takes old-school beats and cuts and pastes with a composer's aplomb.
Shadow tries to be a lap puppy.
Shadow walks very nicely on a leash and is very calm.
Shadows abound, beauty is fleeting, and there's no such thing as a true angel.
Shadows add realism and help define depth and texture in the rocky mountain landscapes.
Shadows affect both diffuse and specular light, but a penumbra is an effect of diffuse light.
Shadows also contribute to the dark tones.
Shadows also occur on the chest x-ray.
Shadows also play an important part in the film's palette.
Shadows appear and disappear unexpectedly.
Shadows appear and shift with chaotic frenzy.
Shadows appear from behind the torchlight, slowly arise from the deepest fog.
Shadows appear only on sunlit days.
Shadows appear, giving a preferred direction to the light.
Shadows are . . .
Shadows are a more complex topic.
Shadows are a very important environmental clue.
Shadows are About .
Shadows Are About .
Shadows are also bad.
Shadows are an important element in aerial photography.
Shadows are an important feature in modelling any scene.
Shadows are an important way to add realism to a scene.
Shadows are an option that needs to be selected in the rendering options.
Shadows are another form of the figure which can take on a life of their own.
Shadows are availible in refillable domes and compacts.
Shadows Are Back, and in large force.
Shadows are bands.
Shadows are by default black, as cast by opaque material in the image occluding white light.
Shadows are cast through fog in three dimensions.
Shadows are comparatively gray in snow- covered terrain.
Shadows are contrasts tha t cause most species to balk.
Shadows are cool too.
Shadows are cool.
Shadows are dark.
Shadows are easy as it makes only one set of shadows.
Shadows are equally important.
Shadows are excellent hiding-places in space.
Shadows are followers.
Shadows are heavy, and the transition of forms from shadow into light is startling.
Shadows are immune to sleep, charm, and hold spells and are unaffected by cold-based attacks.
Shadows are important in the game as well.
Shadows are in a higher key of value and the color of objects are grayer than they seem.
Shadows are in the works.
Shadows are insubstantial.
Shadows are light, hard contacts dark.
Shadows are like an echo of what was once another reality.
Shadows are located in bridges.
Shadows are located in bright light.
Shadows are located in forests.
Shadows are located in ground.
Shadows are located in light.
Shadows are located in sunshine.
Shadows are long and the sun is only up for nine hours.
Shadows are long then, and the shapes they create big.
Shadows are long.
Shadows are longest at sunrise and sunset and in winter.
Shadows are never black but less bright and bluer.
Shadows are notoriously difficult to paint.
Shadows are only available for spotlights.
Shadows are presence.
Shadows are present, certainly so, but they are soft-edged shadows.
Shadows are shades.
Shadows are sharp and distinct.
Shadows are sharp and prominent, especially on the walls or white-board behind a participant.
Shadows are shortest at midday, when the sun is high in the sky.
Shadows are sometimes desirable for three-dimensional work if they help define edges or textures.
Shadows are the pre-requisite of the light.
Shadows are the same.
Shadows are therefore an important, stereoscopic cue for depth perception.
Shadows are used for cooling.
Shadows are used for shades.
Shadows are very long.
Shadows are violet against the snow, chimney blocks against the sky.
Shadows are visible on the side opposite the sun.
Shadows are weak and soft but readily apparent.
Shadows are well defined and detail is very high, even in the darkest of places.
Shadows are well defined and with good detail while blacks are deep and solid.
Shadows basically have to be painted in.
Shadows become bright areas and well lit areas become shadows.
Shadows become everything.
Shadows become more apparent and the subject gains added dimension.
Shadows become the subjects of many photos.
Shadows begin to gather as the afternoon draws to a close.
Shadows begin to spring up as if they are living creatures.
Shadows bend as the flame gently dances on currents of air.
Shadows can also inhibit interpretation.
Shadows can be a guide to both direction and time of day.
Shadows can be blue, painting can be loose, and dammit, painters can be great writers.
Shadows can be long or short as well.
Shadows can be much bigger that the source of the shadow.
Shadows can be solid or projected.
Shadows can be very helpful in committing a crime.
Shadows can be very scary.
Shadows can be warm, cool or neutral.
Shadows can distort distances.
Shadows can eat people.
Shadows can have a significant effect on objects using the toon shader.
Shadows can help locate the North direction on the image.
Shadows can serve as a bridge between visible and invisible worlds.
Shadows can strangle people.
Shadows cast by clouds can influence fishing for speckled trout and redfish.
Shadows cast by the obelisk in the square outside serve as a gigantic solar clock.
Shadows change direction, depending upon the time of day.
Shadows cling to the stairs Like gum to a desk.
Shadows conceal large areas of a surface, creating sharp triangular patterns.
Shadows correspond to portions of the monitor where the phosphors are turned off.
Shadows cover and steal the ground, tied to the grass, dark is bound.
Shadows cover the landing field.
Shadows cover the light, drape it in sandstorms.
Shadows cover the light, Drape it in sandstorms.
Shadows create a space of dangerous unknown that can be used to instill a sense of fear.
Shadows criss-cross the heart of the old man, shadows of circling birds of pray.
Shadows dance across their hands, and somewhere, in some other shade, a radio sputters.
Shadows dance in the wind.
Shadows dance throughout the night, music pulsates through the early morning.
Shadows dapple their faces.
Shadows disappear, contrast is very low and colors are muted.
Shadows eerie from guns at rest, Silenced thunder ready to call.
Shadows exist under most conditions, day and night.
Shadows Fall a romantic mystery novel and whodunit .
Shadows fall on flat ground.
Shadows fascinate people everywhere in the world.
Shadows fill the room.
Shadows flowing on the walls appear then vanish.
Shadows gather and brood, under the trees.
Shadows get sharper.
Shadows give additional visual clues to the true geometry of objects in a scene.
Shadows give two-dimensional representation to three dimensional objects.
Shadows give visual cues regarding the depth and placement of objects.
Shadows Go outside to a safe paved area.
Shadows gracefully move across limb littered grounds as the sun treks across the heavens.
Shadows grow and shrink according to the position of the sun.
Shadows haunt the darkness.
Shadows have shape and lightness.
Shadows have warm reflexions.
Shadows help to create the feeling of the unknown or that something is hidden.
Shadows imply substance.
Shadows increase daily until all is shadow after the Last Supper.
Shadows indicate convex or concave parts and other properties.
Shadows indicate that clouds are relatively low in the atmosphere.
Shadows is much less substantial than Outside the Law .
Shadows leap the ceiling's length, quickened skeins, spent wick, thickening wax, depleted spire.
Shadows lengthen , feeling the last soft veils of sun disapear and die.
Shadows lengthen inside, hoverings from the past.
Shadows lengthen on the infield and the sun's bright rays have faded.
Shadows lengthen, crevices seem to deepen, and scattered caves appear.
Shadows lengthen, one sun droops, the rubbish gathers to swirl.
Shadows loom large of course.
Shadows loom over the first floor wooden tables and flicker across computer screens.
Shadows lurk behind characters or cloak their faces and their intentions.
Shadows make an object ap- pear to have depth.
Shadows make it darker.
Shadows make objects appear to be on the ground rather than floating.
Shadows make text stand out from the background.
Shadows make the text easier to read.
Shadows make their own reality.
Shadows mark the cloud edges against a sunlit Namibian backdrop.
Shadows mark where the youngster once figured in the photo.
Shadows meet with their students once per week for one term.
Shadows move on the floor.
Shadows move secretly.
Shadows never do more than outline or define the shape of things.
Shadows pass and vanish.
Shadows pass beneath.
Shadows pass through the rooms Eating food from the fridge, Opening the tap, Changing nothing.
Shadows passing through imagined pavilions are less than a loaf but better than none.
Shadows play a minor role, but the image is never too dark or overly bright.
Shadows play across their outfits and little puffs of breath waft up as they go.
Shadows play tag across hand-sewn logs.
Shadows playing across the red sandstone create an everchanging tableau.
Shadows portray the vertical component of a feature.
Shadows provide a three-dimensional quality to text banners.
Shadows provide cover.
Shadows provide images of body tissue through which X-rays pass.
Shadows reduce light.
Shadows reflect against the parks nurturing stream.
Shadows represent the high and low of the day's trading range.
Shadows run, in full flight, To run, seek and hide.
Shadows scamper about the four corners of the room.
Shadows seem to be somewhat troublesome to work with.
Shadows seem to draw the blood from the sunset, pulling the clouds of darkness from the East.
Shadows show clearly how the sun moves, so they can be used to tell time on a simple sundial.
Shadows slip over the land in silent waves amidst a darkening world.
Shadows stand around the town, and the mist creeps up the flanks of tall rocks.
Shadows start to get sharp.
Shadows stretch to greet midday, hover upon sidewinder tracks.
Shadows sway like daydreams that come true.
Shadows take form and noises have bodies.
Shadows take the shape of the object that blocks the light.
Shadows take various forms.
Shadows tend to be longer and days tend to be shorter during the winter months.
Shadows throw scenes of living fleeing screams of visual flight.
Shadows wander from gray suburbs through the marijuana smoke of the cafe like puppets.
Shadows weave themselves like ghosts at play between the houses.
Shadows work to define lighted areas.
Shadows always lie away from the light's origin.
Shadows often play a role in the play.
Shadows often present the same problem.
All shadows have color.
Every shadow brings forth foreboding, sinister or dreary thoughts.
Every shadow looks like an intruder while every noise seems evil.
Many shadows exist within the canopy.
Most shadows reduce light.
Some shadow play troupes are made up of singers, drum players and their assistants.
Some shadows appear on some of the recessed test specimens.
Some shadows cause eclipse.
Some shadows cause solar eclipse.
Some shadows create eclipse.
Some shadows seeming swung 'twixt cloud and sky, Are countless shores, a symphony of blue.
Shadowed frost outlines the trail.
Shadowed images are for use on light or white backgrounds.
Shadowed images are for white backgrounds.
Shadowfist coverage keeps growing by leaps and bounds.
A shadowgraph is a photograph
Shadowgraphs show a winged model launched into atmospheric air from a gun.
Shadowing are configurations.
Shadowing are pursuits.
Shadowknight spells are probably the most varied among hybrids.
Shadowy aspects run the width and breadth of our personal lives and our society.
Shadowy figures make strange music in the local cemetery.
Shadowy figures sharpen their tools, chopping motions are seen in silhouette.
Shadowy figures slurp beautiful noodles.
Shadowy forms take shape in the corridors.
Shadowy petroglyphs dance across the background.
Shadowy terrorists stalk Moscow, exploding bombs among high-rise settlements of sleeping families.
Shadowy trees surround the village, peaks run blue to far horizons.
Some shady characters are highly respected people.
Shady gardens can be quite self-sufficient.
Shady gardens overlook the lake.
Shady grass garden with table and chairs for dining outdoors.
Shady lanes merge into meadows covered with wildflowers.
Shady lanes provide for cooling summer drives.
Shady light is the most flattering.
Some shady operators offer to do the work on the spot.
Shady park surrounds the centre for lunch outdoors.
Shady people gravitate toward money.
Shady spots are best - they keep the sugar solution from spoiling.
Shady spots are good for herbs, sunny spots are good for vegetables and most flowers.
Shady spots are located in bridges.
Shady spots try Fescues and Kentucky blue grass mixtures.
Shady things are currently afoot in New York City.
Shady tips equals eviction notices.
Shaft alignment is also less critical because of the air gap between the two sets of disks.
Shaft construction is similar in most composite paddles.
Shaft drive is really the only sensible solution for such arduous travel.
Shaft drive means no messy chains or adjustments.
Shaft kilns are still in use in some countries, but the most modern way is by rotary kiln.
A shaft is a remark
Shaft Buys a Hotdog.
Shaft can change angle with surface.
Shaft comes from a poor, black background.
Shaft deserves the same kind of treatment.
Shaft Does Something. . .
Shaft driven looks somewhat like a maurader but better.
Shaft end flange mounting, horizontal or vertical, shaft up.
Shaft ends out of alignment.
Shaft has a ball.
Shaft has a warp and a replacement grip.
Shaft has everything.
Shaft has nothing to do with exploitation.
Shaft hunts down a racist killer, a terrified eyewitness, and a venomous druglord out for revenge.
Shaft ignores the pointed looks.
Shaft is a bad mutha, shut yo mouth.
Shaft is a hoot.
Shaft is a little short as made.
Shaft is a marvelous mix of action, suspense, comedy, drama, and adventure all rolled into one.
Shaft is a private detective in Harlem.
Shaft is a replacement.
Shaft is a stereo style with two knobs that generally are a part of the application.
Shaft is a well done replacement.
Shaft is aligned well.
Shaft is back.
Shaft is black and commands the respect of the black community.
Shaft is called to an upscale New York bar to deal with a racially motivated murder.
Shaft is cool, and takes no crap from anyone.
Shaft is counterweighted and dynamically balanced.
Shaft is custom-made to the requirements of the application.
Shaft is equally at home in white uptown and black harlem.
Shaft is focused and ruthless.
Shaft is four inches round.
Shaft is full of drug slingers, crooked cops, rich brats, and all sorts of laughs.
Shaft is funny, irreverant, and most of all entertaining.
Shaft is great fun.
Shaft is hell bent on having the boy face the crime and do the time.
Shaft is in the mood to hear the slow jams.
Shaft is loose in hosel and the grip is a replacement.
Shaft is made from fiberglass with plastic bicycle style handle.
Shaft is made from graphite fibers which makes it rigid and provide light support.
Shaft is marked.
Shaft is on a quest to make the man's after pay for killing a man.
Shaft is one bad mutha, in any decade.
Shaft is presented as being fairly simple.
Shaft is referred to as a sex machine.
Shaft is slim, getting thicker toward the bottom.
Shaft is so fond of.
Shaft is stamped below the original grip that is a bit rough.
Shaft is stamped below the original grip.
Shaft is stamped.
Shaft is still the Man.
Shaft is supported by two rigid radial ball bearings with watertight protective screens.
Shaft is the best action movie of the summer.
Shaft is the black private dick that's a sex machine to all the chicks.
Shaft is the main attraction here.
Shaft is the man.
Shaft is the only one displaying any evidence at surface.
Shaft is, all in all, pretty decent.
Shaft is, in a way, an urban hurricane.
Shaft isa artifact.
Shaft isa implement.
Shaft looks good too.
Shaft looks original with a wrapped leather grip.
Shaft loosens up only marginally as the film goes on.
Shaft makes a mental note to have the pair dry-cleaned . . .
Shaft means a vertical or inclined shaft, a slope, incline or winze.
Shaft means a vertical or inclined shaft, a slope, incline, or winze.
Shaft picks up a case where a young black man was bludgeoned to death outside a bar.
Shaft s a tough, bad-ass cop who won t stand racism and can t tolerate injustice.
Shaft screams to the woman at the register.
Shaft seeks to protect a murder witness who goes undercover.
Shaft shoots a man dead.
Shaft sings along to the songs, mouth moving beautifully in time.
Shaft spins on ball bearings.
Shaft stares out the driver-side window of the minivan.
Shaft starts the movie by investigating an assault outside a nightclub.
Shaft Stay away from black honkeys with big, flat feet.
Shafts affect the weight, balance, feel, and playability of a cue.
Shafts are available in a variety of core sizes, and custome shafts are available.
Shafts are corrosion resistant marine aluminum.
Shafts are fluted , numbers vary, but there are usually around twenty.
Shafts are fluted, numbers vary, but there are usually around twenty.
Shafts are free of rust, dents, dings, etc.
Shafts are invariably bastard sizes and incorporate both left and right hand threads.
Shafts are lighter and more flexible than standard shafts.
Shafts are lines.
Shafts are part of arrows.
Shafts are part of buildings.
Shafts are part of columns.
Shafts are part of mines.
Shafts are part of tunnels.
Shafts are passage.
Shafts are passageways.
Shafts are rods.
Shafts are stringer lay-up with oval indexing.
Shafts are uprights.
Shafts are walnut stained and highly polished.
Shafts can become loose through normal play.
Shafts come in all sizes.
Shafts come in several lengths.
Shafts come in standard lengths as noted.
Shafts come with a lifetime warranty.
Shafts connect the interior and exterior of the building.
Shafts have (part) readsides.
Shafts have (part) sections.
Shafts have rubber grip surface for positive grip surface in cold conditions.
Shafts look like tubes.
Shafts reflect light.
Shafts remain cross-grained, and rounded ends are common.
Shafts rotate and gears turn as compressor components are assembled on the screen.
Shafts rotate for reduced deflection.
Shafts shed or mould seasonally resulting in changes in structure and colour.
Shafts vary from materials wood, aluminum, fiber, and carbon.
Shafts vary in stiffness based on the length and style of taper to which they are cut.
Shafts often have to withstand torque and bending moments.
All shaft ends and connecting bolts include pre-drilled holes for cotter pins.
All shafts are bendable, but some more than others.
All shafts are precision made from the highest grade aerospace steel alloy manufactured today.
All shafts are then hand paired to ensure proper balance and consistent diameters.
All shafts bend.
All shafts have a hook loop on one end.
All shafts have a one year warranty against material and manufacturing defects.
All shafts have a rubber grip surface for positive grip and comfort in cold conditions.
All shafts have black rubber grip surface for positive grip and comfort in cold conditions.
All shafts have double ballbearings.
More shafts are fine.
Most shafts look like tubes.
Most shafts reflect light.
Some shafts are connected to caves or chambers, others have an inhumation on the bottom.
Some shafts are covered by barrows.
Some shafts are part of mines.
Some shafts are part of tunnels.
Some shafts cause damage.
Some shafts cause major damage.
Some shafts connect to generators.
Some shafts connect turbines.
Some shafts fill with blood.
Some shafts have a natural tendency to buckle, while others are very rigid.
Some shafts have damp and moist zones.
Some shafts have flags.
Some shafts have green flags.
Some shafts produce electricity.
Some shafts rise uninterrupted from floor to vault.
Shaftdrive effect is negligible, and engine vibration is only noticeable at low engine speeds.
Shags inhabit clear-water lakes, ponds, rivers and estuaries.
Shaggy manes are best when picked before the caps begin to turn black.
A shaggymane mushroom is agaric
Shaggymane mushrooms are up.
Shahtoosh items are now available worldwide.
Shahtoosh wool is so fine that the shawls made of it can be pulled through a finger ring.
A shaitan is genie
Shaitan is a commander of one such group of ten.
Shaitan is to man an open enemy.
Shaiva psychology is optimistic, scientific, secular, and liberating.
Shaivng cream tastes bad.
Shake roofs are most susceptible to fire while tile or metal offer the best defence.
Shake roofs are most susceptible to fire while tile or metal offer the best defense.
Shake roofs become slick when wet.
A shake is agitation
Shake giblets to coat.
Shake leaves to remove excess water and immediately rinse the sample in clean distilled water.
Shake offers seating at both a counter and tables, but at either location, service is often slow.
Shake wrists forward and backward gently and in a relaxed manner.
Shakes are brown or reddish in color when new, but usually fade in the first year to a gray color.
Shakes are hand-split on at least one face and either tapered or straight.
Shakes are shingles.
Shakes are the best choice for a natural look with a lot of character.
Shakes are the most labor intensive type of roofing to apply.
Shakes are woodwork.
Shakes come on show some sense.
Shakes tend to open and knots to split slightly.
Any shake usually shows up in drive shaft speed.
Shaken boards are one step up from detached boards.
Many shaken infants show evidence of previous trauma.
A shakeout is an economic condition
Shakeouts are common.
Shakeouts are economic conditions.
Shakeouts happen on a periodic basis.
Shakeouts make a market strong.
Shaker Village is open year-round, with riverboat excursions offered spring through fall.
A shaker is a container
Shakers are a type of percussion instrument with items inside that produce noise when shaken.
Shakers are christians.
Shakers are containers.
Shakers are fine.
Shakers are just shakers.
Shakers are people.
Shakers are sect.
Shakers are women, who wore gravel-filled cans around their ankles.
Shakers come in two main types, electromagnetic and hydraulic.
Shakers has a youthful image and the waitresses are young and therefore, inexperienced.
Shakers have flea bites around the inside of the opening, no cracks or chips on main part of body.
Shakers make an excellent large container plant.
Shakers strove for perfection.
All Shakespearean comedies have five acts.
Shakespearean costumes are difficult because of the time period.
Shakespearean crowds are pretty jaded.
Shakespearean woe abounds.
Shakiness is motion
Shakiness makes the hand illegible and the eyes and kidneys are damaged.
Shaking are agitation.
Shaky markets offer lessons on cracks in global economy.
Shale can exist as grains or nodules in the formation matrix.
Shale can exist in the form of laminae between which are layers of sand.
Shale contains clay and is in small, thin layers.
Shale contains salt.
Shale is a sedimentary rock
Shale is clay that has been converted into rock masses.
Shale is important because it contains the products of former life on earth, and their hydrocarbons.
Shale is of considerable economic value.
Shale is present in some places.
Shale is sedimentary rocks.
Shale is soft and porous.
Shale isa material.
Shale isa stuff.
Shale then stabs one guy in the leg, hits another with throwing stars and then shoots two more dead.
Shale tosses throwing stars into a wall map.
Shales are often rich in oil and burn readily.
Shales are one of the more important common constituents of rocks in log analysis.
Shales argues that attacks on the new TV ratings system are premature.
Shales break easily along their layering, especially along weathered surfaces.
Shales can adsorb the series radionuclides.
Shales contain the lion's share of earth history that is recorded in sedimentary rocks.
Shales have permeabilities of the order of a few millidarcies.
Shales needles the networks and delights readers.
Shales represent deeper marine environments and sandstone represents shoreline environment.
Shales weather very easily to form mud and clay.
Most shale contains salt.
Some shale contains coal.
Some shale contains crystal.
Some shale contains minerals.
Some shale contains sulfide minerals.
Some shales are very soft and fall apart in water, others can be quite hard.
Shalet soils are on rolling and dissected hillsides.
Shaley sediments are common further to the east.
Shalimar gardens have the proud privilege of being the stage of all important state receptions.
Shalimar restaurant serves authentic North Indian cuisine.
A shallon is a bush
Shallon operates in Canadian waters.
A shallot is a bulbous plant
Shallot is a useful remedy to lower blood sugar levels in diabetics.
Shallots also can play a decorative role.
Shallots also help reduce the chances of stomach cancer.
Shallots are a member of the onion family and resemble heads of garlic.
Shallots are also advantageous in inhibiting stomach problems.
Shallots are also helpful in preventing liver cancer and destroy their cells.
Shallots are an effective remedy to dilute the phlegm that causes coughing.
Shallots are bulbs.
Shallots are commonly used in cooking, hence they are cultivated extensively.
Shallots are found effective in curing and treating intestinal worms in the stomach.
Shallots are hardy members of the onion family that are prized for their delicate, onionlike flavor.
Shallots are most abundant in spring and summer.
Shallots are most popular in Northern France, where they are essential for sauces based on red wine.
Shallots are onions.
Shallots are part of shallots.
Shallots are the oldest and most efficient home remedy for hair growth.
Shallots are very low in sodium.
Shallots can produce complex flavors that change ordinary fare to superb.
Shallots contain more nutrition than onions.
Shallots contain very less amount of calories and loads of nutrients.
Shallots contain very low amount of fat.
Shallots have a marvelous subtle flavor and can be substituted for onions in many recipes.
Shallots have a mild onion-like flavor.
Shallots have a mild taste that combines the flavor of a sweet onion with a touch of garlic.
Shallots help in promoting beneficial brain functions.
Shallots includes fertilizers, harvesting, handling, storage, and pest control of shallots.
Shallots keep well and are easily stored until planting time in the spring.
Shallots produce a cluster of bulbs from a single planted bulb.
Shallots work well too.
Shallots usually take longer, depending on their size.
Shallow access is an alternative method.
Shallow aquifers are vulnerable to contamination from activities on the land surface.
Shallow areas are ideal for experimenting with bouyancy.
Shallow baths use even less water than a quick shower.
Shallow bays featuring predominately soft bottoms win the prize.
Shallow bedrock is therefore a concern.
Shallow binding is used for dynamic variables.
Shallow boats made of varnished wood, punts have flat bottoms and square ends.
Some shallow bowls fill with fresh water.
Some shallow bowls fill with water.
Shallow breathing allows fatigue and stress to set in.
Shallow breathing can invoke an emotional imbalance.
Shallow breathing causes an inadequate supply of oxygen in the blood.
Shallow breathing creates tension and fatigue.
Shallow breathing is a typical physical response to anger, stress, fear, sadness, and pain.
Shallow breathing is like working a part-time job.
Shallow breathing leads to breathlessness and a build up of anxiety.
Shallow breathing means less oxygen flow to the brain.
Shallow breathing puts less oxygen in the blood stream, producing an increase in muscle tension.
Shallow breathing reduces the oxygen content of the blood.
Shallow breathing utilizes the thorax rather than the abdominal muscles.
Shallow cartwheels are the norm, and there's plenty of flat-spinning room on the wave.
Shallow channels tend to meander or move back and forth across the flood plain.
Shallow containers allow food to cool more evenly and quickly in the refrigerator or freezer.
Shallow containers are best for quick cooling.
Shallow containers are better than ones with steep sides.
Shallow copy is a copy of just the top level.
Shallow copying is cheap, fast, and easy.
Shallow cultivation can eliminate seedlings.
Shallow cultivation can severe roots and encourages spread.
Shallow cultivation controls weeds between unmulched vines.
Shallow cultivation encourages seed germination and depletion of the soil seedbank.
Shallow cultivation has the advantage of weed control with little or no use of herbicides.
Shallow cultivation helps prevent injury to crop roots.
Shallow cultivation helps the soil absorb and hold water.
Shallow cultivation is necessary to break crusts.
Shallow cultivation is used to avoid harming roots.
Shallow cultivation is useful in removing small weeds.
Shallow cultivation keeps down weeds and unwanted root sprouts.
Shallow cultivation reduces injury to the root system.
Some shallow cups are made of mud.
Shallow cycles occur when only a small percent of the total capacity of the battery is discharged.
Shallow depth makes it safe and accessible dive.
Shallow depth permits the unit to easily fit through narrow doors and passages.
Shallow depths can cause high turbidity, and the cloudy or dirty appearance of the water.
Shallow detachments are much more difficult to detect.
Shallow development employs fixed platforms with drilling and control usually on the platform.
Shallow dimples produce higher, ballooning trajectories.
Shallow discharge provides more cycles than deep discharges.
Some shallow dishes contain water.
Some shallow dishes cover with damp towels.
Some shallow dishes cover with towels.
Shallow ditches can remove surface water from large areas that have been graded and leveled.
Shallow dose is due to less penetrating radiations such as beta radiation and low energy x-rays.
Shallow draft allows Synergy II to explore and anchor in places denied to other craft .
Shallow draft opens up new fishing areas, travel routes, shortcuts.
Shallow earthquakes are the most common.
Shallow earthquakes cause more damage as a general rule.
Shallow earthquakes involve a different phenomenon.
Shallow earthquakes occur along all plate boundaries.
Shallow earthquakes occur in faults within the North American crust and are far more common.
Shallow events are black.
Shallow fish are active fish, and most of the time bigger.
Shallow fish seem to prefer set minnows, but jigging is effective at all depths.
Shallow flats mean ample spawning territory for fish recruitment.
Shallow grants assist individuals with costs for rent and utilities.
Shallow grass beds with ready access to deep channels are preferred feeding areas.
Shallow graves are likely to be pretty common, too.
Shallow habitats offer life.
Most shallow habitats offer life.
Shallow hyperbolas have early tops and steep asymptotes.
Shallow incorporation can provide some weatherproofing of preemergence herbicides.
Shallow incorporation improves weed control.
Shallow incorporation involves shallower and less complete mixing.
Shallow irrigation ditches next to rows of plants serve the same purpose.
Shallow lagoons are excellent places to enjoy the beauty of the estuary.
Shallow lake is subject to winterkill.
Shallow lakes tend to winterkill more frequently than deeper ones.
Many shallow lakes are homothermous all the time except when the surface is covered with ice.
Shallow ledge develops a hollow tube, peeling right.
Shallow magma heats ground water, commonly enough to cause it to boil.
Shallow men believe in luck, believe in circumstances.
Shallow men believe in luck.
Shallow marine sediments consist of materials.
Shallow oceans cover much of the continents, breaking the land into large islands.
Shallow ones can easily fit under most beds and their lids keep the dust bunnies out.
Shallow pans cook better than deep ones.
Shallow pans filled with pebbles are a common base for forcing paperwhite narcissus.
Some shallow pans cover with paper.
Some shallow pans fill with water.
Shallow peaks indicate that sediment deposition rates are low or that scouring is occuring.
Shallow people are like a small brook they babble a lot but never say much.
Shallow people suck.
Shallow pilasters define each corner and divide paired win- dows.
Shallow pits are cleared daily or every two or three days and deep pits every one to three years.
Shallow placement improves horizontal distribution compared to deeper mixing.
Shallow planting can be an important element for success in heavy or slowly drained soils.
Shallow planting can lead to herbicide injury problems with several corn herbicides.
Shallow planting is critical.
Shallow planting is often the cause of failure, as is soil that is too wet.
Shallow planting promotes poor development.
Shallow pool fringes, particularly if grassy, provide protection from predators.
Shallow pools are common in wooded areas during the spring and wet summers.
Shallow portions have beautiful hard corals and tridachma clams.
Shallow pots are best.
Shallow programming dominates as long as the bloodbath proceeds.
Shallow puddles are good also.
Shallow rays are more complicated, and can even reorder themselves.
Shallow reefs surround the island on the ocean side, as well as in the lagoon.
Shallow religion produces shallow Christian living.
Shallow roots absorb water.
Shallow roots are also susceptible to the canker.
Shallow roots are less likely to withstand drought condition.
Shallow roots are likely to withstand drought conditions.
Shallow roots are sensitive to smothering silt.
Shallow roots can be invasive and difficult to plant around.
Shallow roots help plants.
Shallow roots lead to more rapid stress under drought or hot conditions.
Shallow roots need moisture.
Most shallow roots absorb water.
Most shallow roots help plants.
Shallow rudder is great.
Shallow sea separating Europe and Asia dries up.
Shallow seas are where the fastest currents move.
Shallow seas have extensive distribution.
Shallow sediments consist of materials.
Most shallow sediments consist of materials.
Shallow seeds appear to be at special risk to winterkill.
Shallow shores give swimmers plenty of splashing room.
Shallow sites are easier to work on but are more likely to be damaged during a storm.
Shallow snow tends to be less dense or compacted, so it is also weaker.
Shallow snow turns to coarse, granular sugar snow over time, making a weak layer.
Shallow soils prevent forests from developing.
Shallow stuff can have deep consequences.
Shallow tremors are more likely to cause greater damage at the surface.
Shallow tunnels connect tunnels.
Most shallow tunnels connect tunnels.
Shallow ulcers form after the vesicles rupture on mucous membranes.
Shallow vessels are best as the marinade covers more surface area.
Some shallow vessels contain water.
Shallow water habitats offer life.
Shallow water can be quite dangerous for a large submarine.
Shallow water can get deep and dangerous fast.
Shallow water demands a rig that lets fish take line.
Shallow water encourages growth.
Shallow water encourages root growth.
Shallow water is another great benefit of creek fishing.
Shallow water is as dangerous as deep water.
Shallow water is located in lakes.
Shallow water is located in ponds.
Shallow water is located in pools.
Shallow water is located in swimming pools.
Shallow water is shallower before sunrise.
Shallow water is used for puppies.
Shallow water is used for tidal pools.
Shallow water is water.
Shallow water makes fish and invertebrates accessible.
Shallow water makes loading difficult.
Shallow water means tiger sharks.
Shallow water moving at a moderate rate over small stones creates a sibilant whisper.
Shallow water provides bass opportunity to feed, deep water close by an escape route from danger.
Shallow water provides habitats.
Shallow water sloughs in meadows.
Shallow waters are preferred to lower the risk of predation, and for reproduction.
Shallow waters limit boat size on low tide.
Most shallow water encourages growth.
Most shallow water encourages root growth.
Most shallow water provides habitats.
Some shallow water provides opportunity.
Some shallow waves are caused by gravitational interaction.
Some shallow waves are caused by interaction.
Shallow wells are dry.
Shallow wells are more likely to be affected by contaminants than deeper wells.
Shallow wells are more likely to become contaminated than deep wells.
Shallow wells are more quickly and adversely affected than deep well-constructed wells.
Shallow wells are more susceptible than deep wells.
Shallow wells are more vulnerable to pesticide contamination than are deep wells.
Shallow wells are much more likely to be contaminated than deep wells.
Shallow wells are particularly susceptible to bacterial contamination.
Shallow wells are the principal source of water for domestic use.
Shallow wells have a greater number and percentage of pesticide detections.
Shallow wells tend to be more affected than deeper ones.
Shallow words do little.
A shallow is water
Shallows usually call for a sink-tip or floating line with weighting fly and long leader.
Shallower areas become quite silty in the afternoon due to wave action.
Shallower areas has small tropical fish plus yellow-headed and mottled jawfish and spotted drums.
Shallower boxes are sufficient for many plants such as annual flowers and herbs.
Shallower bursts produce large craters and intense local fallout.
Shallower depressions collect rain water seasonally.
Shallower depths can also kill as well.
Shallower depths exist on the south side of the pier.
Shallower depths sport rocky ledges adorned with false eel grass.
Shallower depths work well.
Shallower face prevents topping, increases confidence at address.
Shallower targets are primarily post-tension steel and conduit.
Shallower water means less dilution of bacteria.
Shallower water means less water flowing directly out of the main channels through the marshes.
Sham promotions can be very convincing.
Sham rumination is a vacuum activity manifested by ruminants whose diet is lacking in roughage.
Sham surgery is performed to test whether a new treatment really works.
Sham is imitation
Shams are all suede.
Shams are decorative pillow covers.
Shams are such a sham.
Shams disappear in the presence of death or judgment.
Shams have envelope closures.
Every sham shows there is a reality.
Shamal winds cause the most hazardous weather in the region.
A shaman is a priest
Shaman sends physician-botanist teams to live and work with shamans.
Shamans act as intermediaries between the world of the living and the world of spirits.
Shamans act as mediators in their culture.
Shamans also engage in sorcery and witchcraft.
Shamans also have important roles during community festivals, which take place several times a year.
Shamans also perform surgery.
Shamans are able to break through the plane between different worlds, or cosmic zones.
Shamans are activists, healers.
Shamans are always female.
Shamans are bands.
Shamans are conscious of everything that transpires.
Shamans are consulted in contemporary society for financial and marital decisions.
Shamans are generally spiritual leaders, sometimes feared and often revered by the tribe.
Shamans are healers, seers, and visionaries who have mastered death.
Shamans are healers.
Shamans are in a sense dead.
Shamans are nomadic, and priests build churches, schools, and rectories.
Shamans are priests.
Shamans are professionals.
Shamans are religious leaders something like priests.
Shamans are summoned in order to purge the unwholesome spirits from a person.
Shamans are the king of buffs.
Shamans are to be consulted before major decisions are made.
Shamans are very spiritual people who willingly give themselves to spirit.
Shamans are, symbolically speaking, a fulcrum point between the seen and unseen worlds.
Shamans believe that the soul can leave the body.
Shamans believe there are both ordinary and a nonordinary realities.
Shamans call upon the eagle to assistthem in developing their own shamanic powers.
Shamans can find out what has angered the spirits and are believed to be able to cure disease.
Shamans can talk to spirits.
Shamans cater to the spirit world on man's behalf.
Shamans conduct healing rituals by singing, smoking tobacco, and sucking out bad blood.
Shamans connect with compassionate spirits and elicit their help to heal people.
Shamans connect with the spirit of the earth through chanting and playing their drums.
Shamans cure patients through shared hallucination and guided story telling.
Shamans do heal adventitious, mental and physical disturbances, though only at a gross level.
Shamans dominate the pictographs and murals on the Pecos River rock walls.
Shamans everywhere are concerned with the spiritual aspects of illness and disease.
Shamans fly over realms on mythical horses.
Shamans go into a trance and turn into power animals.
Shamans have two forms of election, passive and active.
Shamans hitch a ride on another body, whether it be fish or fowl.
Shamans hollow themselves out so that when they focus their intent it is as powerful as possible.
Shamans live in two worlds at the same time.
Shamans live like any other member of the group, as a hunter or housewife.
Shamans perform several different soul retrieval rites.
Shamans practice divination and primitive medicine and hand down tribal folklore.
Shamans proclaim the ability to metamorphose into wolves.
Shamans recognize inherent power in all of nature and sense their own connection with it.
Shamans reconnect patients with their surroundings.
Shamans ride their mustangs through the upper world and the lower world with equal facility.
Shamans say the correct way to talk about spirits is in metaphors.
Shamans serve as spiritual advisors and healers.
Shamans use Least Weasels as guides to underworld realms.
Shamans use masks and costumes as a kind of armor while warding off evil spirits.
Shamans use whatever tools they know that seem appropriate for the circumstances.
Shamans view magic as a living force to which they can connect through a a patron called a totem.
Shamans work both with individual patients and with groups.
Shamans work with animal spirits.
Shamans work with their allies - the animal spirits.
Shamans work with their allies, the animal spirits.
Shamans often describe the ecstatic trance in terms of a journey of the soul.
Shamans often receive the spirits of mountains.
Shamans often tell fortunes.
Shamans sometimes imitate sounds that are heard in nature .
Shamans usually are men, but some women also have shamanic power.
Shamans usually go into a trance to find out the answers from their spirit helpers.
All shamans are in favor of the current project.
All shamans know about it.
Many shamans are gifted storytellers and shape-shifters.
Most shamans have dreams or visions that convey certain messages.
Some shamans observe dietary or customary restrictions particular to their tradition.
Some shamans rise up on the smoke from a fire.
Shamanic art creates energy.
Many shamanic cures occur in illnesses that, left alone, cure themselves in time.
Shamanic healing can take many forms.
Shamanic healing is both a journey of self-healing and a journey to help others heal themselves.
Shamanic healing takes place in many forms depending on what the spirits recommend.
Shamanic initiation is an extremely rigorous process.
Shamanic Journeys can help find answers to questions and concerns.
Shamanic peoples are neither so audacious nor, perhaps so foolish.
Shamanic practices continue in present-day Mongolian culture.
Shamanic practices vary by tribe and country, but the basic ideas remain the same.
Many shamanic practitioners train and work in a specific cultural tradition.
Shamanic ritual is more complex again.
Shamanic surgery is totally different to normal shaman healing.
Shamanic traditions are alive in the Amur and much needed.
Shamanic trance work a speciality.
Shamanic work is done with the aid of a helping ally of some sorts that the shaman has befriended.
A shamanism is religion
Shamanism awakens for the recipient deeper states of consciousness and soul searching.
Shamanism can be therapeutic in counteracting anxiety and other psychic and psychosomatic disorders.
Shamanism enables people to reconnect with the living earth and hear again nature's voices.
Shamanism exists intribal cultures aroundthe world and hasdone so for centuries.
Shamanism exists with or without ritual, and with or without religion.
Shamanism has a long history in Anglo-European countries.
Shamanism has many fetishistic elements.
Shamanism has obvious connections with nature and the countryside.
Shamanism honors a reverence for all of life.
Shamanism Includes good overview of shamanism - has lots of contributors.
Shamanism is a practice which sees spirit in all the manifestations of nature.
Shamanism is a religion in the broadest sense.
Shamanism is a term applied in Siberia to belief in spirits and supernatural powers.
Shamanism is about being within and a part of the world, a knowing rather than an unconscious part.
Shamanism is ageless wisdom.
Shamanism is all the rage now in New Mexico.
Shamanism is an ancient technique of spiritual empowerment basic to all humans in every culture.
Shamanism is an older practice than that of a priest.
Shamanism is based upon the principle that there are other realms of existence other than our own.
Shamanism is closely related to Mongolian nomadic culture.
Shamanism is compatible with other spiritual traditions.
Shamanism is different from animism .
Shamanism is different from animism.
Shamanism is one of the most ancient and unifying practices within our human heritage.
Shamanism is one of the most universal, and most primitive forms of religion on earth.
Shamanism is one of the oldest psycho-spiritual practices known to man.
Shamanism is one option in the holistic approach to schizophrenia.
Shamanism is one step higher.
Shamanism is our common human heritage.
Shamanism is probably the oldest spiritual practice on the planet.
Shamanism is synonymous with the intake of powerful hallucinogenic substances.
Shamanism is the belief in an unseen world of many gods, demons, and ancestral spirits.
Shamanism is the oldest spiritual system in the world.
Shamanism is the original religion of Inuit.
Shamanism is the religious practices of some Aboriginal healer.
Shamanism is the science of faith, and faith can profoundly direct evolution.
Shamanism is the use of shamanic practices within a shamanic value system.
Shamanism is the world's oldest healing and teaching tradition.
Shamanism is the world's oldest healing tradition, and is found in all cultures of the world.
Shamanism is the world's oldest spiritual tradition that has beenpracticed for thousands of years.
Shamanism is thousands of years old and has been practiced or lived in all quarters of the world.
Shamanism is viewed as a way to to maintain communication between the Hmong and the spiritual world.
Shamanism is well developed.
Shamanism means something different to each person who uses the title.
Shamanism recognizes that everything is alive, sacred, and connected.
Shamanism relies heavily upon ceremony and ritual to evoke the desired trance.
Shamanism represents a fusion of the experience and practice dimensions.
Shamanism speaks of beliefs, attitudes, convictions or ideological practices.
Shamanism supports a passionate way of being.
Shamanism teaches one to be healthy, joyful, and eager to be of service to others.
Shamanism typically includes animal guides and spirit guides.
Shamanisms are animism.
Shamanisms are religion.
Shamanism often involves a healing circle.
Shamanistic ideology lies at the foundation of systematic knowledge.
Shamanistic practices can be traces back to Paleolithic hunters.
Some shamanistic practices involve the use of a power animal or a second soul.
Shamanistic trance is a good manner to try and learn to contact with other realities and entities.
Shambo soils are in the adjacent stream valleys at lower elevations.
Shame accumulates, and the child develops a sense of self-worthlessness.
Shame allows our access to what actually took place between people.
Shame also allows for behaviors of denial, neglect, and abuse.
Shame also has a Doing component.
Shame based people live with many secrets.
Shame becomes a dominant theme.
Shame becomes toxic shame because of premature exposure.
Shame begets shame.
Shame begins to seep in.
Shame belongs only in incidents in which no repentance or remorse is registered.
Shame blocks positive information from coming in.
Shame brings with it a specific limitation in seeing with the eyes of the body.
Shame can be a lot more effective then lawers.
Shame can be a powerful disincentive.
Shame can make women silent about the violence they experience.
Shame can often work where reason fails.
Shame can pull our heads under water.
Shame carries with it the idea of fear.
Shame causes a person to hide.
Shame causes denial.
Shame comes along and makes things worse.
Shame comes from believing myths about sexual assault.
Shame decreases with increasing love.
Shame depends on the eyes of others.
Shame describes Child despite an situation of none purpose.
Shame develops a following.
Shame develops in childhood.
Shame develops The lighthearted and funny content was bad enough.
Shame develops with the child's self-consciousness.
Shame enter on one middle as carries blood horse.
Shame examine Gentlemen except an suit beside lots continent.
Shame fails to stop the high-rankers from touting their high ranks without itemizing the footnotes.
Shame forgive on whatever home indeed cast internet blackjack.
Shame fosters common sense.
Shame fosters community.
Shame grows bold.
Shame has different significance in the treatment of different types of pathology.
Shame has many faces.
Shame has many voices, some good and some bad.
Shame has no redemptive quality whatsoever.
Shame has the power to condemn.
Shame has to do with what kind of person the alcoholic has become.
Shame involves the entire fabric of the person.
Shame is a form of self-directed anger.
Shame is a great teacher, and brevity turns out to be the soul of contrition, too.
Shame is a kind of anger turned in on itself.
Shame is a matter of one's identity.
Shame is a misconception.
Shame is a natural inhibitor.
Shame is a personal value, one that people attempt to apply to others.
Shame is a powerful emotion and a destructive force when it is misdirected.
Shame is a powerful force in shaping identity.
Shame is a powerful thing.
Shame is a powerful way to destroy a lady's sexual pleasure.
Shame is a private experience.
Shame is a result of early developmental loss either real or perceived.
Shame is a silencer that isolates the loved ones of prisoners.
Shame is a spiritual crisis at the very core of one's being.
Shame is a tricky issue and can be difficult to work with because it is so hard to confront.
Shame is a universal emotion that everyone experiences to one degree or another in their live.
Shame is a very powerful emotion.
Shame is a yukky emotion.
Shame is always hurtful.
Shame is an almost universal reaction to sexual assault.
Shame is an effective control, provided the number in the group is small.
Shame is an emotion whose time has gone.
Shame is an important correlate of honor in an honor culture.
Shame is an unhappy emotion embedded by pious in order to exploit the human race.
Shame is and emotional display of a hidden civil war.
Shame is books.
Shame is closely related to guilt, as it is an emotion of self-assessment.
Shame is dangerous.
Shame is dissolved.
Shame is embarrassment.
Shame is emotion.
Shame is equally elemental in psychology.
Shame is especially powerful regarding feelings about masculinity.
Shame is expressed in the face.
Shame is feeling
Shame is feelings.
Shame is good.
Shame is heavier than a hundred bags of salt.
Shame is hell, and it is meaning- less.
Shame is just that combination.
Shame is just the latest.
Shame is like a poison which destroys our strength.
Shame is like toxic waste.
Shame is located in cathedrals.
Shame is more lasting than anything.
Shame is more than the normal guilt one feels with a loss.
Shame is most likely central to the development of identity for all people, gay and non-gay alike.
Shame is necessary within an addictive system.
Shame is never a beneficent tool for parents.
Shame is often an experience in a repeated context.
Shame is one of a three-part video series.
Shame is one of the most underutilized checks on a runaway judiciary.
Shame is one of the stones that blocks the way out of the tomb.
Shame is one of the worst feelings to experience.
Shame is one which inflicts mental pain and suffering.
Shame is one's public exposure of vulnerabilities.
Shame is optional.
Shame is perhaps meaningless a word.
Shame is perhaps too meaningless a word.
Shame is primitively effective.
Shame is removed from the equation and replaced by immunity to feelings of gratitude.
Shame is rooted in a social or cultural environment .
Shame is rooted in a social or cultural environment.
Shame is seen by psychoanalysts as emerging earlier in psychological development than guilt.
Shame is stuffed with such slack reasoning and prose.
Shame is the beginning of conviction of sin which leads to repentance.
Shame is the best artistic motivator, after all.
Shame is the experience of feeling 'under a microscope' with everyone watching.
Shame is the flipside of guilt.
Shame is the greatest and most important word in a person's lifetime.
Shame is the healthy response to sin that leads to repentance, reconciliation, and change.
Shame is the least expensive weapon of social control.
Shame is the loveliest.
Shame is the message of the moment.
Shame is the number-one emotion the child experiences and it's devastating.
Shame is the other side of the respect they have for the virtues they see in adults.
Shame is the sense of having been publicly exposed doing something bad.
Shame is useful only for the heart's moment of recognition.
Shame is very hard to overcome, but it can be done.
Shame is without parallel a sickness of the soul.
Shame is, conditionally, a good thing, when it shows a fear of dishonor.
Shame isa feeling.
Shame kills and certainly disables.
Shame kills relationships, too.
Shame means guilt, but it also carries with it a sense of dishonor and disgrace.
Shame occurs when people sense they are failures in any of the three areas.
Shame only magnifies our problems as a society.
Shame plays with the consequences of forgetting.
Shame predicts prospectively independently of previous parasuicidal behavior.
Shame presents in various ways, often very subtle.
Shame presents the nakedness of success.
Shame produces emotional pain.
Shame relates broadly to human identity, guilt more narrowly to human action.
Shame seems to be a stronger influence.
Shame seems to be another component of women's attitudes toward their bodies.
Shame serves as a shield which deflects the tendency to sin.
Shame silences because it encloses the entire self.
Shame strikes deepest into the human heart.
Shame takes the place of rage and settles deep.
Shame tells a person of the presence of another subjectivity.
Shame there's no background music.
Shame there's no battery save to keep the records intact.
Shame there's no force-feedback to enhance the sound.
Shame there's no link to each retailer, though.
Shame there's no skirmish mode, though.
Shame there's no way to ring one central number.
Shame there's no zoom function either with which to achieve the best alignment.
Shame theres only one view.
Shame always results in a loss of dignity.
Shameful feelings can be excruciatingly painful.
Shameful things can live only in the dark.
Shameless link follows.
Shameless marketing is basically about being innovative.
A shammy is a leather
Shammies Celebrate birthdays with two sizes of birthstone wearing bears.
Shampoo bottles fill with hot water.
Shampoo bottles fill with water.
A shampoo is attention
Shampoo adverts almost always use gorgeous, female shoulders to sell their products.
Shampoo Be careful.
Shampoo brakes to stop a few steps past Mousse as the hapless duck collapses.
Shampoo buys a magic red string from a Chinese travelling salesman.
Shampoo can be an especially desireable commodity.
Shampoo can wash out lingerie and remove tough stains.
Shampoo carpets with a degreasing detergent at least twice a year.
Shampoo comes running with a pot of hot water and the last medicine.
Shampoo contains no synthetic detergents.
Shampoo dives into the ocean after the medicine.
Shampoo does have taps, but they only carry three beers.
Shampoo eats the soba too.
Shampoo Gently cleanses away oil deposit and calcium build-up.
Shampoo give up.
Shampoo go to work now.
Shampoo helps root out lice.
Shampoo is a complicated substance of infinite constitution and utility.
Shampoo is alkaline, while conditioner is acidic.
Shampoo is an all-purpose cleansing formulation to relieve symptoms of seborrhea.
Shampoo is an elegant antiseborrheic, antipuritic formulation with menthol.
Shampoo is an inexpensive and effective treatment.
Shampoo is anti-static.
Shampoo is better.
Shampoo is correct.
Shampoo is detergent, just like dishwashing detergent, bathroom cleaner, and engine block cleaner.
Shampoo is good to relase grease out of clothes.
Shampoo is here.
Shampoo is just a perfumed, cleaning agent for the hair.
Shampoo is still face-down on the ground, twitching.
Shampoo is the cleanest, healthiest, most manageable whale in the sea.
Shampoo is the most coldly rational of all the toiletries.
Shampoo is to clean the hair.
Shampoo isa cleaner.
Shampoo just pretend because Shampoo nice person.
Shampoo kills lice completely in minutes.
Shampoo looks carefully at the mushroom.
Shampoo looks through and picks up an old mirror.
Shampoo offers a large, free enclosed parking lot, as well as plenty of space.
Shampoo only come here a few months ago.
Shampoo overhears the conversation.
Shampoo rings the gong again.
Shampoo rinses easily from even the most stubborn coat.
Shampoo sees a red string.
Shampoo shouts in anger.
Shampoo thinks for a moment, and then realizes what's happened.
Shampoo treats lice infections.
Shampoo tries again.
Shampoo whips out another shuumai.
Shampoo works well and helps to replenish the oils in natural bristles.
Shampoos are detergent.
Shampoos are erratic.
Shampoos are for cleansing.
Shampoos are hair care.
Shampoos are liquids.
Shampoos are located in bottles.
Shampoos are located in cabinets.
Shampoos are located in hair salons.
Shampoos are located in hair.
Shampoos are located in motels.
Shampoos are located in showers.
Shampoos are located in supermarkets.
Shampoos are mixture.
Shampoos are only effective for a day or less.
Shampoos are preferred for control of head lice.
Shampoos are the cornerstone to dandruff control.
Shampoos are the mainstays in the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis of the scalp.
Shampoos are toiletry.
Shampoos are used for cleaning carpets.
Shampoos are used for hair.
Shampoos can affect the coat's shine by removing sebum.
Shampoos can be over-diluted or washed off before they have had time to act.
Shampoos contain certain pesticides such as pyrethrins, carbamates, and citrus peel derivatives.
Shampoos contain grease cutters and ingredients to lift grime and dirt away.
Shampoos contain sulfides.
Shampoos containing lindane are available by prescription only.
Shampoos containing selenium sulfide can cause eye damage and hair loss.
Shampoos containing tar are useful for itchy, scaly scalps.
Shampoos do more than clean coats and enhance their texture.
Shampoos have gels.
Shampoos wash off the old dirty oil or wax and replace it with a clean oil or wax.
Shampoos work by applying water and shampoo to the hair.
Shampoos often contain pyrethrin.
Shampoos often damage hair due to the intensive cleaning chemicals inside.
Any shampoo is good however.
Many shampoos actually dull the surface.
More shampoo is necessary.
Most shampoos are a mixture of many detergents as well as colours and fragrances.
Most shampoos contain sulfides.
Most shampoos have gels.
Some shampoos advertise that they are low pH. Others advertise that they are pH-balanced.
Some shampoos are fine - as long as they're the type designed for removing chlorine.
Some shampoos cause reaction.
Some shampoos claim to relieve the skin irritation caused by fleas.
Some shampoos contain proteins.
Some shampoos contain salt.
Some shampoos contain vitamins.
Some shampoos enhance growth.
Some shampoos have detergents which are there to rid the hair of dirt.
Some shampoos offer a insect repelling ingredients, citronella, cedar, pennyroyal and comfrey.
Some shampoos require treatments.
A shamrock is clover
Shamrock isa clover.
Shamrocks are bulbs, and they require a dormant period every once in a while.
Shamrocks are clover.
Shamrocks are little clovers.
Shamrocks are native to South America.
SHAMrocks are shit.
Shamrocks can be three of four leafs.
Shamrocks have (part) cell membranes.
Shamrocks have (part) cells.
Shamrocks have (part) corpi.
Shamrocks have (part) cytoplasm.
Shamrocks have (part) nuclei.
Shamrocks have (part) plasma membranes.
Shamrocks have (part) sections.
Shamrocks have (part) vacuoles.
Shamrocks have (part) vegetables.
Some shamrocks have management.
Shanghai babies are always on the lookout for something better.
Shanghai China has a dual and complex nature.
Shanghai girls are pretty and attractive.
Shanghai kitchens produce familiar pork buns and shu mai, but there are also regional favorites.
Shanghai noon is a funny western, which is mostly due to it's stars and a sometimes clever script.
Shanghai people are careful in many ways about how they live, and yet they are open to fresh ideas.
Shanghai Shanghai is China's largest city and largest sea port.
Shanghai women do pride themselves for their style.
Shanghai also has Buddhist temples.
Shanghai also has high-tech plans.
Shanghai also has the best reputation in China for the art of hairdressing.
Shanghai also is at the forefront of mergers.
Shanghai also is the centre for the Yangtze River Delta Region.
Shanghai belongs to the North Asia hot monsoon climate, with four distinctive seasons.
Shanghai continues to be Canada's oldest existing diplomatic presence in Asia.
Shanghai delivers a perfect mix of melodic vocals backed by hard driving music and powerful hooks.
Shanghai enjoys a favorable location and a long history and culture.
Shanghai even has Internet caf s.
Shanghai exudes an energy remarkable even for China.
Shanghai falls short of the novel from which it is adapted.
Shanghai has a delightful climate with four distinct seasons.
Shanghai has a heavy fishing industry and is the most traveled port in China.
Shanghai has a high concentration of the country's top schools.
Shanghai has a largely industrial economy.
Shanghai has a long history of retail development.
Shanghai has a relatively long history of using genetic engineering.
Shanghai has a subtropical maritime climate, four distinct seasons and moderate rainfall.
Shanghai has a varied climate with cold, damp winters and tropical, humid summer.
Shanghai has a very large and diversified industrial economy.
Shanghai has an astronomical observatory and many research institutes and learned societies.
Shanghai has hundreds of hotels and some are first-rate.
Shanghai is a case in point.
Shanghai is a China-based telecom equipment manufacturer.
Shanghai is a complex city, but consists, briefly, of two foreign areas surrounded by Chinese areas.
Shanghai is a feverishly developing metropolis.
Shanghai is a game of strategy, memory, and luck.
Shanghai is a good example.
Shanghai is a good place to see the old Chinese culture.
Shanghai is a good place to start a venture in China.
Shanghai is a great city.
Shanghai is a great place.
Shanghai is a major centre for high-tech industries as well as textiles.
Shanghai is a major cultural and educational center of China.
Shanghai is a major port and a center of industry, education and research.
Shanghai is a memory game played with mah-jongg tiles or a variation thereof.
Shanghai is a metropolis brimming with energy.
Shanghai is a municipality under the direct jurisdiction of the central government.
Shanghai is a shopping paradise.
Shanghai is a special city in every aspect.
Shanghai is a special city in every respect.
Shanghai is a spectacular city in many respects.
Shanghai is advanced in finance.
Shanghai is all about matching tiles.
Shanghai is also a major rail junction with connections to North and South China.
Shanghai is also a paradise for gourmets.
Shanghai is also a railroad terminal.
Shanghai is also an important city for tourism.
Shanghai is also China's important port city for exits and entries.
Shanghai is also quite lacking in vegetable products meeting the demand of the international market.
Shanghai is also relatively free of government interference.
Shanghai is an amazing city, right on the cusp between the modern West and the traditional East.
Shanghai is an amazing city, with impressive modern constructions.
Shanghai is an exciting place to begin a consulting career in Asia.
Shanghai is an important hub of communications.
Shanghai is an important industrial, educational and financial centre.
Shanghai is ancient as far as computer games go.
Shanghai is China's biggest port city.
Shanghai is China's largest and most cosmopolitan city.
Shanghai is China's largest and most prosperous city.
Shanghai is China's largest city and is an area of great importance for industry and trade.
Shanghai is China's largest city and the biggest market for IT products in the country.
Shanghai is China's largest city.
Shanghai is China's largest transportation hub.
Shanghai is China's largest, most modern city.
Shanghai is China's main center for industry, commerce, foreign trade, science and technology.
Shanghai is China's major port.
Shanghai is China's most populous city and the largest city proper in the entire world.
Shanghai is clearest about what's going on.
Shanghai is feminine.
Shanghai is fortified for the first time.
Shanghai is full of magnificent reminders of an ancient culture stretching back thousands of years.
Shanghai is more tolerant.
Shanghai is neither cold in winter, nor very hot in summer.
Shanghai is on the frontlines of China's business revolution.
Shanghai is one of a handful of places on earth where foie gras is made and it's remarkable.
Shanghai is one of China's largest metropolis with a rapidly growing middle-class.
Shanghai is one of China's old industrial bases.
Shanghai is one of few entry points into mainland China.
Shanghai is one of our newest sites for an international internship.
Shanghai is one of the biggest cities in the world.
Shanghai is one of the fastest-developing cities in China.
Shanghai is one of the greatest cities in the world.
Shanghai is perhaps the best place to sample cuisines from all parts of China.
Shanghai is physically pretty, but right now it's hardware without the software.
Shanghai is quite a city.
Shanghai is quite simple to deal with.
Shanghai is serviced by most international carriers.
Shanghai is situated on the east coast, upstream from the Pacific Ocean on the Yangtze River.
Shanghai is something people simply get caught up in, like jelly.
Shanghai is sometimes an afterthought.
Shanghai is still a beautiful city.
Shanghai is the center of economy, finance and trade in China.
Shanghai is the chief producer of industrial goods, and a major export base in China as well.
Shanghai is the commercial metropolis of the Orient.
Shanghai is the economic and commercial center of China.
Shanghai is the focus of the first five films.
Shanghai is the head office for marcus evans Greater China.
Shanghai is the head, entering the gorges is called entering the mouth of the dragon.
Shanghai is the industrial center of the largest country in the world.
Shanghai is the largest commercial and financial centre in mainland China.
Shanghai is the largest industrial base in China.
Shanghai is the largest industrial city in China.
Shanghai is the last place on Earth that needs economic guidance.
Shanghai is the most busiest city of China.
Shanghai is the most famous place shopping in China.
Shanghai is the most modern and one of the most traditional of Chinese cities.
Shanghai is the obvious place for a professional and business program .
Shanghai is the obvious place for a professional and business programme .
Shanghai is the only city permitted by the government to conduct trials of combined networks.
Shanghai is the pearl of the East.
Shanghai is the wolf at the door.
Shanghai is too cramped.
Shanghai is truly the place where East meets West.
Shanghai is ultra-modern by comparison.
Shanghai is very modern, has good roads, and bike paths, but people drive everywhere.
Shanghai is very open, very large, sophisticated and modern, and very commercial in atmosphere.
Shanghai is where the action is, and the sky seems filled with construction cranes.
Shanghai is, in one throw, hitting a single, double and triple of any of the numbers in the game.
Shanghai makes Al Capone's Chicago look like a tame place.
Shanghai opens Asia's biggest shopping mall Please login as a member.
Shanghai promotes U.S. agricultural products.
Shanghai represents the cooking of the East and more particularly the Eastern seaboard of China.
Shanghai sits in the Yangtze River delta, which is sediment dumped over millions of years.
Shanghai smoke noun.
Shanghai stands for different things to different people.
Shanghai surprise An event of note from the weekly calendar.
Shanghai Take flight to Shanghai and transfer to the hotel.
Shanghai Take flight to Shanghai and transferred to the hotel.
Shanghai take the second place after six wins and two draws.
Shanghai Take the soft seat train to Shanghai and transferred to the hotel.
Shanghais are part of chinas.
A shank is a body part
Shank conforms to the arch.
Shank notes that changing the hammer heads on a piano is as routine as changing the tires on a car.
Shanks are body parts.
Shanks are cuts.
Shanks are cylinders.
Shanks are from deceleration that results in the hosel leading the club into the ball.
Shanks are individually vacuum sealed.
Shanks are meaty leg joints that are perfect for braising.
Shanks are part of anchors.
Shanks are part of bits.
Shanks are part of bolts.
Shanks are part of handles.
Shanks are part of keys.
Shanks are part of legs.
Shanks are part of nails.
Shanks are part of pins.
Shanks are part of wineglasses.
Shanks are parts.
Shanks are precision ground and provide the press fit necessary for secure installation.
Shanks are the vertical sidepieces on a curb bit to which the reins attach.
Shanks are thick and have flat edges.
Shanks are triple tempered for increased durability.
Shanks create leverage action.
Shanks move independently, which allows for more lateral flexibility.
Shanks offers a perspective of high standards from experience as a competitor and as a coach.
Shanks provide comfort and support to the arch area.
Shanks work independently, applying pressure to the curb chain.
Shanteque guests get private underground entry and transportation to and from a doctor s office.
Shanti volunteers come from many different backgrounds and represent all walks of life.
Shanty towns line the Deli River which runs through the city of Medan, North Sumatra, Indonesia.
A shanty is shelter
Shanties have (part) bases.
Shanties have (part) sections.
Shanty Find ice fishing information for tipups, jigging, and equipment.
Shanty isa shelter.
Shantytowns exist in many areas.
Shape change occurs as a result of agonist stimulation.
Shape clouds form at tops.
Shape code is divided into two parts.
Shape constancy is achieved despite variations in orientation.
Shape constancy is perceptual constancy
Shape files end in .shp.
All shape files are polygon files, unless noted otherwise.
Shape flowers appear in springs.
Shape flowers vary in color.
Shape grammars are powerful devices and the power of computers is needed to explore their limits.
Shape grammars specify a mechanism for performing recursive shape computations.
Shape larvae feed on protozoans.
Shape note is an early American form of notation for untrained church choirs.
Shape optimization is a reality for many industrial firms.
Shape optimization requires, among other things, highly accurate stress values.
Shape parameters are independent of magnification and orientation in the field of view.
Shape puffballs occur in woodlands.
Shape teeth surround tongues.
Shape tubes consist of tissue.
A shape is a property
Shape agree across most petrol after offend easton arrow.
Shape allows for many windows in every room.
Shape allows room for it to expand.
Shape also can play a part, as it does in peacocks.
Shape also manipulates the space on the canvas.
Shape also varies.
Shape bears on a molecule's overall polarity.
Shape beds almost any way that's easy to work and mow around.
Shape brings fidelity to the process.
Shape brows and fill in sparse areas with soft gray or brown pencil.
Shape can be a very powerful tool for building complex displays.
Shape can be as desired.
Shape can be either positive or negative.
Shape can be somewhat irregular.
Shape can equal disc, circle, or square.
Shape can range from small, flint-type kernels to large hominy types.
Shape can vary widely.
Shape changes to pentagonal near the cup.
Shape changing is another theme generally involving animals.
Shape changing robots and how they are built is covered in the internal construction section.
Shape choose Yesterday over little leaf with many pair.
Shape collect on most crime than translate bears apparel.
Shape cookies with back of spoon.
Shape corks so that they fit in the holes.
Shape cutouts to match staff jobs.
Shape damp soap into three balls.
Shape delivers immediately useful techniques and stimulates a deeper understanding of fitness.
Shape depends on the temperature actual vapor pressure the crystals grow in.
Shape determines value, too.
Shape does affect clarity.
Shape encodes the feature geometry of a face while texture provides a normalized shape-free image.
Shape ends so they are no longer blunt, curving slightly to look like the real thing.
Shape ends so they are no longer blunt, curving slightly.
Shape ends towards the fold.
Shape expect behind either music when showed reptiles.
Shape facilitates better transporting of oxygen.
Shape features .
Shape gives instantly useful techniques to make exercise more varied and fun .
Shape hints till ter dig att kontrollera din shape tweening.
Shape hollows in lower halves, keeping enough all around.
Shape influences resistance and drag.
Shape is a big key.
Shape is a characteristic of form or contour.
Shape is a complete how to magazine for healthy living.
Shape is a critical parameter of the interaction between a protein and an antibody.
Shape is a defining characteristic of asbestos.
Shape is a direct response to vibration and frequency but, in turn, shapes also emit vibrations.
Shape is a fitness magazine.
Shape is a flattened round base with three knobs on top, striped with cream, green or white.
Shape is a flattened round with a turban shape on top.
Shape is a function of regional characteristics.
Shape is a personal preference.
Shape is a preference.
Shape is a sensory element that art makers use.
Shape is a spheroid - spheroid is a stretched out sphere that is elliptical in cross section.
Shape is all important.
Shape is also important.
Shape is an abstract class since it has member functions which are pure virtual.
Shape is an area that is contained by an implied or visual line.
Shape is an attribute of something.
Shape is another consideration.
Shape is another element considered significant in determining whether the origins are biological.
Shape is another important variable to consider when protecting a discrete patch.
Shape is associative because the observer automatically groups different shapes together.
Shape is created by a closed line, or by a solid color or value.
Shape is crucial to enzyme function.
Shape is defined as a two-dimensional area with a recognizable boundary.
Shape is described by common words such as streaks, bands, tongues, tubes, and spots.
Shape is determined by comparison of mean and median.
Shape is determined by form and function.
Shape is determined.
Shape is elliptical, heavily veined with a pleated appearance.
Shape is everything.
Shape is flat.
Shape is flexible.
Shape is generally irregular unless the trees are nursery grown locally.
Shape is given to ritual.
Shape is important for strength, but so is the material.
Shape is important to some customers.
Shape is irregular.
Shape is more important to temporary anchors, and design is very important.
Shape is mostly a function of size.
Shape is now able to perform almost all jobs it was always supposed to do, but failed to.
Shape is often indicative of the feeding behavior of a fish.
Shape is one of the factors that influences the properties of nanoparticles.
Shape is outline or form.
Shape is oval.
Shape is part of the language of the bowel too.
Shape is preserved locally on conformal maps.
Shape is similar to American elm when mature.
Shape is the difference between most letters.
Shape is the first thing the judge is looking for when judging a class of eggs.
Shape is the primary clue that often reveals a fish.
Shape is the recognition of geometric configurations usually defined by tonal differences.
Shape is true along the standard parallels of the normal aspect.
Shape is usually more important than maximum dimensions.
Shape is variable depending on genetic type and environmental conditions.
Shape is variable with a tendency to produce wedge-shaped fruit.
Shape is variable, but mostly conic to oval.
Shape is variable, but often conical or bowl shaped.
Shape is what defines which antigen shape the antibody can bind.
Shape isa entity.
Shape leaves by forming a marble-size ball out of clay.
Shape looks better.
Shape lumps into smooth balls of dough.
Shape make it difficult to shoulder if needed.
Shape nails with a file to smooth jagged edges.
Shape offers good strategies for assembling a home gym in three different price ranges.
Shape outside stems.
Shape perform upon many permission thus surround nature magazines.
Shape play at many aunt for destroy teenager chat.
Shape popcorn into a cone shape and decorate tree with candy pieces.
Shape popcorn to make feet and beak.
Shape prevents spilling.
Shape protects leg above ankle as well as lateral side of leg.
Shape provides a common protocol for describing and inspecting geom etric path objects.
Shape refers to either a positive or negative area.
Shape require between none blackboard while begun teenager with an eating disorder.
Shape requires six restraints.
Shape sandwiches into triangles, circles, and squares.
Shape shown is consistent through most of that lengh.
Shape slices into balls and place on cookie sheets.
Shape sounds with features like delay, normalize, fade in, fade out, and envelope.
Shape specializes in rolforming.
Shape specifies the oval path to fly the text through.
Shape stems by holding bag at right angle to the baking sheet.
Shape stems like mushroom stems.
Shape takes precedence over fashion, and the decisive factors are clarity and linearity.
Shape varies eg rod, spiral or branched.
Shape varies from flat to round.
Shape varies from globular in the early fruit to plum shape in the main crop.
Shape varies greatly depending on where the oyster grows.
Shapes add variety to a presentation.
Shapes affect products.
Shapes also support data and events.
Shapes also tend to bleed down the display.
Shapes appear to be random initially but gradually become familiar circles and squares.
Shapes are a great way to work, easy to organize.
Shapes are ambiguous and uncertain in Hamlet, perception is blurred.
Shapes are as interesting.
Shapes are as shown.
Shapes are attributes.
Shapes are available in various sizes and each comes with or without rings.
Shapes are available with writing lines and without writing lines.
Shapes are clean, drape is soft, the harmony of grace and sophistication is perfect.
Shapes are compatible between both programs.
Shapes are complex and materials are usually shingles or narrow-lap wood siding.
Shapes are flat.
Shapes are fun.
Shapes are hollow.
Shapes are magazines.
Shapes are moderate to correspond with the tighter angles sailed in light winds.
Shapes are more dynamic and exciting, and the overall effect , more forceful.
Shapes are more geometric too.
Shapes are more or less distorted on every equal-area map.
Shapes are more tapered, and streamlined, sometimes squared, or oval.
Shapes are part of a continuum rather than being absolute.
Shapes are particularly important in how large molecules interact with others.
Shapes are particularly important in how molecules interact with others.
Shapes are predominately unisex geometrics.
Shapes are realistic, manufacturer-specific network symbols with detailed port level information.
Shapes are silk-screened on clear plastic stock.
Shapes are simple graphics created with tools on the Tools palette.
Shapes are slinky, bottoms light.
Shapes are soft and feminine, and the styling neat, chic and sophisticated.
Shapes are softer too, with an emphasis on layering.
Shapes are something everyone masters as a child.
Shapes are specific to pollinators and, in some cases, also keep out unwanted pollen collectors.
Shapes are squiggly and wacky.
Shapes are usually geometric or organic and have length and width.
Shapes become more distinctive and the color sharpens.
Shapes become more whimsical, less solid - chests of drawers on very tall, thin legs are common.
Shapes can also help to create balance and consistency in a composition.
Shapes can be a circle, a rectangle, or a round rectangle.
Shapes can be light or dark shapes.
Shapes can be open or filled.
Shapes can be rectangles, circles, or polygons.
Shapes can be square, circle, rectangle, etc.
Shapes can change and the vision can move.
Shapes can even display multiple hyperlinks for enhanced navigation capabilities.
Shapes can have code just like any other control.
Shapes can have more than one hyperlink, which appear on the right-click shortcut menu.
Shapes can have several hyperlinks, which appear on the right-click shortcut menu.
Shapes can match exactly or have the same shape in different sizes.
Shapes can pulsate, flicker or explode.
Shapes childs through man sized bracelets.
Shapes composed of soft curves take a bit longer.
Shapes composed of straight lines are the fastest to produce.
Shapes consist of rectangular, preppy and oval designs.
Shapes contours, using drawknives, chisels, gauges, rasps, and files.
Shapes Create and fill shapes.
Shapes define objects, attract attention, communicate ideas, and add excitement.
Shapes defined by lines are the most readily seen aspects of a landscape.
Shapes demands a colored shape, for example a circle, square or pentagon.
Shapes discussed include straight, bent hook, knife, hoof, mini-hoof, slot, tunnel and quad tips.
Shapes Draw a circle.
Shapes emerge from dark corners.
Shapes emerge from the mists.
Shapes has a gym here.
Shapes have a hole in the bottom for child's finger.
Shapes have a number of properties that can be edited.
Shapes have height and width.
Shapes have personalities.
Shapes have soft, rounded ends and there are hidden sounds in each.
Shapes Have students look at various shapes.
Shapes have traditional alpha-numeric identifiers.
Shapes have z order .
Shapes helps children recognize basic forms.
Shapes is excellent for modern architecture design.
Shapes is simply the next, latest step.
Shapes is suitable for detailing, urban designing, for all scales.
Shapes keep everything moving and going.
Shapes make noise.
Shapes make up both cellular forms and bodies.
Shapes merge rather than collide.
Shapes range from controlled to severe.
Shapes range from gently to extremely serrated, from softly round to deeply lobed.
Shapes range from round to cruciform, octagonal to multi-lobed.
Shapes range from sedan to wagon.
Shapes recreate themselves while rendering a different interpretation to reality.
Shapes reflex the function of the cells.
Shapes seem to fit together like the pieces of a giant jigsaw puzzle.
Shapes seem to float on the surface, in part because of their softened, muted tones.
Shapes seen through the glass are indistinct.
Shapes shown below are only a sample of what is available.
Shapes shown below are standard shapes.
Shapes stand out when the leaves are gone.
Shapes start from random horizontal positions and have random orientations.
Shapes stay close to the body, but never hug it.
Shapes take on lives of their own, and geometry is related to everyday life.
Shapes tend to be flattened and shallow.
Shapes Try to have a similarity among shapes of the objects in a room.
Shapes vary a little, that's all.
Shapes vary according to grain pattern.
Shapes vary also.
Shapes vary from a single, whip-like axis to an elaborate tangle of branches.
Shapes vary from round to eliptical.
Shapes vary from round, square, oblong, triangular to figurals, such as clowns, animals and people.
Shapes vary from spindle to purse-like with tendrils and hooks.
Shapes vary from the simple, round tobacco seed to the complex, aerodynamic, winged maple seed.
Shapes vary, as shown.
All shapes are primitives, with a few 'Scale' tags used.
All shapes are the same size.
All shapes are vector objects which have at least one layer for the shape.
All shapes are white and are bordered in the same black and white dot trim.
All shapes can have their attributes changed.
All shapes come to the cross.
All shapes created are editable.
All shapes exist on a single layer.
All shapes have connection points on the ports.
All shapes have sides.
All shapes have size.
All shapes here Speak the Peace Of perfect form.
All shapes ideally have an infinitely thin trailing edge.
All shapes remain the same no matter how they are positioned.
All shapes require the coords attribute.
Any shape can have blue, red, white, or green coloring.
Any shape can take the place of the heart cutouts.
Any shape is O.K., but the device has to perform a function.
Any shape is possible.
Every shape also has a hole counterpart, which subtracts material.
Every shape is surrounded by space.
Many shapes are possible.
Most shapes affect products.
Most shapes vary significantly from the originals.
Some shape leaves contain sporangiums.
Some shape tweens with larger objects tend to make the movie choppy.
Some shapes actually make the sound louder because of the way they affect the vibrations.
Some shapes affect air resistance.
Some shapes affect chemical reaction.
Some shapes affect friction.
Some shapes affect reaction.
Some shapes affect resistance.
Some shapes are formal while others are informal.
Some shapes are geometric, such as squares, circles, triangles, rectangles, and ovals.
Some shapes are harder because the strips have to be tapered but it can be done.
Some shapes are just unstable and are future broken pieces waiting to happen.
Some shapes are special.
Some shapes change in the course of time.
Some shapes create problems.
Some shapes create vacuums.
Some shapes depend on interaction.
Some shapes depend on pollination.
Some shapes depend on quality.
Some shapes depend on temperature.
Some shapes have angles of the same size and sides of different lengths.
Some shapes have little to do with efficient movements.
Some shapes have numerous variation.
Some shapes have only one line of symmetry, eg isosceles triangles.
Some shapes have ridges which hold sauce better.
Some shapes have sides the same length but angles of different sizes .
Some shapes have symmetry.
Some shapes have tentacles.
Some shapes have variation.
Some shapes impose size limits.
Some shapes take as many as three or four different blocks to maintain a sharp edge.
Shaped CDs are an excellent choice for marketing and much more.
Shaped CDs are nothing less than impressive.
Shaped front has inside wind flap and two front welt pockets.
Shaped oval crowns.
Any shaped pulse is just a waveform that has been digitized into a specified number of steps.
Shaped refractories are bricks that are assembled where they are used such as in a furnace.
Shaped skis are the latest innovation in ski design.
Shaped skis are wider at the front and back and turn much easier with less effort from the skier.
Shaped skis help skiers to walk the talk easier and more often.
Shaped skis make skiing much more fun and exciting.
Shaped skis rule the slopes.
Shaped tubes mean the Zurich frame is stronger but just as light.
All shapefile objects consist of either a point, a line, or a polygon.
Shapefile units are meters, stored in double precision.
Shaper tools are part of the machine tool industry.
A shaper is a machine tool
Shapers are essentially for edge or end cuttings.
Shapers are machine tools.
Shapers have a translating cutting stroke.
Shapers use a very light, one-finger touch on the rocker beam.
Most shapers agree that rocker is crucial, and can make or break that magic board.
Most shapers have their own combinations which have been tried and tested over many years.
Shaperite products are fantastic and the opportunity to succeed is tremendous.
Shapeshifted punctuation frees the truths held rigid, straining, tense.
Shaping are material handling.
Shaping are processes.
Shards of glass fall from the broken windows of the upper story onto the sidewalk.
Shards of glass fall on a man.
A shard is a piece
Shards are buildings.
Shards are pieces.
Shards consists of a floor covered in broken glass, upon which intrepid viewers can walk.
Shards is clearly the kind of book that can bring in a new type of reader, which is a good thing.
Shards is no roller coaster.
Shards strives to be a community of free thinkers and roleplayers.
Most shards have alkali basaltic compositions.
Share brokers serve as agents for buyers and sellers of shares.
Share calculations focus on growth.
Share capital is divided into shares, every shareholder is entitled to one share.
Share care helps parents build an extended family network.
Share care is a happy medium between nanny care and a daycare center.
Share care is ideal for children under the age of one.
Most share certificates renew automatically at maturity.
Share Folders Share all hard drives available to the computer.
Share holders are welcome to visit the farm.
Share life is the norm.
Share market is just one example.
Share market is the second floor of the castle of cards.
Shares of stock are evidence of an ownership interest in a for-profit corporation.
Shares of stock are explicitly securities.
Shares of stock represent ownership in a company.
Shares of stock represent ownership.
Share options are the answer.
Share ownership is increasingly common in the world s advanced nations.
Share permissions apply to who can access a shared directory and how.
Share price can decline.
Share price is a barometer.
Share price is completely dependent upon supply and demand.
Share price is typically stable, with low to moderate risk.
Share price rises on the news.
Share prices are a function of the overall perception of the market.
Share prices are another indicator of financial health.
Share prices are down and there are no more flotations.
Share prices are down.
Share prices are low and earnings can only improve as the economy finally picks up.
Share prices are low enough to make acquisitions of large equity stakes feasible in terms of price.
Share prices are now available in Euros as well as dollars and sterling.
Share prices are, however, volatile.
Share prices bounce.
Share prices can fluctuate depending on market conditions.
Share prices can go up as well as down.
Share prices can rise due to a variety of factors, of which earnings is only one.
Share prices climb.
Share prices fall, as do real estate and other asset values.
Share prices fluctuate.
Share prices including that of cement suffer decline .
Share prices increase when a company grows.
Share prices mirror the earning potential of a company.
Share prices move on many factors, often with no relation to management and company performance.
Share prices remain high and a CEO sitting atop a lofty share price has lots of buying power.
Share prices rise and fall based on the demand for a particular stock.
All share prices reflect the closing rate and are updated daily.
Share repurchase is the simplest to explain.
Share Resources Provide efficient user access to collections.
Share splits achieve a similar result.
Share accounts earn dividends.
Share allocates buffers which consume a large amount of memory.
Share also includes the exclusive i.
Share amounts to be issued.
Share are spirit and fly it high.
Share brings people together to build and strengthen community through volunteer service.
Share calendars to avoid conflicts in meetings.
Share call every third day and third weekend with other providers.
Share dealing is gambling and as such is wildly irresponsible.
Share dealing is non-transferable.
Share designs with others.
Share designs with the class.
Share directories through file manager and printers through print manager.
Share dreams with each other.
Share Eat the potluck meal.
Share eBou with a friend.
Share expenses with six established attorneys.
Share fully furn.
Share funy tales and stories, find a shoulder to cry on, or just meet new friends.
Share Have each Tiger and partner present their family commercial.
Share hints about what to listen for in the music.
Share includes utilities, plowing and firewood.
Share is and strategies.
Share is currently co-coordinator of the program.
Share is distributed free to the public.
Share is easy enough to set up and use without having to read the manual first.
Share is one of few publications that has a Web presence.
Share is our favorite word.
Share is percentage of sets in use tuned to that program.
Share is the parent-child leaflet designed for middle and older preschoolers.
Share is the percentage of homes with TVs in use.
Share is the percentage of households with TVs turned on watching the event.
Share is the percentage of in-use televisions tuned in.
Share is the percentage of in-use televisions tuned to a given program.
Share is the percentage of in-use televisions tuned to a given show.
Share is the percentage of in-use televisions tuned to a program.
Share is the percentage of in-use TVs tuned to a given program.
Share is the percentage of in-use TVs tuned to a program.
Share is the percentage of television sets in use tuned in to a specific program.
Share is the percentage of television sets in use tuned in.
Share is the percentage of television sets in use tuned to a specific program.
Share is the percentage of the audience watching TV at the time.
Share jokes with some edge, some intelligence.
Share kites with the class.
Share leads and strategies on starting in the field.
Share leads of new restaurant openings, remodels, expansions and going out of business.
Share leads with each other.
Share leads, resources and ideas with others.
Share leads, share best practices, share experiences.
Share lifts to and from work, festivals and sports events.
Share memories that the smell produces.
Share needs setup in the autoexec.bat.
Share notes with a classmate or form a study group.
Share offers from other schools.
Share permits students and teachers with class accounts to exchange copies of word processed files.
Share plans with all staff.
Share processes across multiple enterprises.
Share provides basic Internet connectivity, security, and administration.
Share refers to the percentage of televisions in use tuned to a program.
Share removes the masking factor that volume disguises in a growth sector.
Share reports with classmates.
Share reports with others using distribution facility.
Share reports with the class.
Share represents the percentage of homes with TVs in use that watched a given show.
Share represents the percentage of radios in use tuned to a particular station.
Share represents the percentage of sets in use turned to a show.
Share represents the percentage of television sets in use tuned to the show.
Share results over networks including the Internet.
Share results over the Internet.
Share results with a classmate.
Share results with advisory committee, LFIS coordinator, and other interested parties.
Share results with others.
Share results with the class to foster a sense of community.
Share results with the class.
Share results with the rest of the class.
Share rides with friends or find alternate means of transportation when possible.
Share rides, or pool a car.
Share says traditional access control mechanisms, while still important, are no longer sufficient.
Share secreats about how to develop good notebook and drawing techniques.
Share smiles and fun with friends.
Share smiles and laughter.
Share Suggest a link for the i.
Share theses memories and share the experience.
Share uses a very practical 'hands-on' approach to involving parents in the school.
Share varies with the number of users.
Share workbooks with multiple users simultaneously.
Share workloads with like-minded independent computer consultants.
Share works just fine for multiple users on an analog line.
Shares allow for a specific amount of flight time.
Shares also make great gifts.
Shares appear to have additional decline ahead.
Shares are among a new category of options on index-based investments.
Shares are assets.
Shares are available for purchase through brokerage firms.
Shares are eligible for inclusion in retirement accounts.
Shares are l each and a draw is held monthly.
Shares are likely to be sold off in tranches to investors.
Shares are part of net incomes.
Shares are part of stock.
Shares are stock certificates.
Shares are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of principal invested.
Shares are symbols.
Shares are the only permissions available.
Shares are the voluntary contributions of the boys toward the expenses of their group.
Shares are titles to capital goods.
Shares are transferable between members.
Shares are up despite a lowered target by the company for second-quarter revenue growth.
Shares are usually available in the UK, France, Spain, the Caribbean and the Greek Islands.
Shares are usually redeemable on demand.
Shares are very important in being able to see patterns.
Shares are very important in showing patterns.
Shares are very liquid as they can be sold any weekday at any brokerage.
Shares bandwidth among devices using a fairness algorithm.
Shares build up surprisingly quickly once the member sets up a regular savings pattern.
Shares can also crash, of course.
Shares can be equal or unequal.
Shares can be in any size or form but are typically quarters, thirds or halves.
Shares can be of no-par value.
Shares can be useful as a gauge of competitive standing.
Shares can fall and companies do go broke.
Shares can fit into confidential and non-confidential categories.
Shares can go down as well as up and can sometimes collapse completely.
Shares can go down as well as up.
Shares can go up or down, and can collapse.
Shares can literally go anywhere - either up or down.
Shares carry greater risk of negative returns over the short term.
Shares carry one vote per share and all the shares carry equal rights to dividend.
Shares carry voting power.
Shares clearly have nowhere to go, but up.
Shares connote some voting power or profit power tied to something else.
Shares continue to be publicly traded, if they had been previously listed.
Shares determine the static priority of users or user groups relative to each other.
Shares directories to other clients.
Shares do go up and down in value in line with the economy and business and world events.
Shares drinks and often a lot more with the lads.
Shares edge higher in thin trade Weak currencies to hit coconut oil prices .
Shares end the week on an upbeat note.
Shares enter and leave the index every quarter.
Shares exclude employment in postal services, religious services and public administration.
Shares expertise through supervision and evaluation of freelancers.
Shares expertise with others.
Shares follow the rotation sequence of open agenda, step or topic.
Shares get a small boost on opening day.
Shares give voting rights.
Shares has extensive coverage of new floats, small company stocks, and trends to watch out for.
Shares have to be paid for and enormous sums are now exchanging hands.
Shares helps investors make their next move with confidence.
Shares information freely and pro-actively.
Shares is an exchange traded type fund.
Shares is the focus of unprecendented interest from stockbroking houses Australia wide.
Shares is the UK's fastest-growing investment magazine.
Shares lead with end-users.
Shares lecture outlines, suggested activities and discussions, etc.
Shares leisure time.
Shares mean different things to different people.
Shares offer flexibility, leverage, limited risk and guaranteed contract performance.
Shares own uses of technology with others through conferences, publication, and electronic posting.
Shares own written work with peers.
Shares practicum experiences during clinical seminars.
Shares printers transparently across networks.
Shares provide exposure to the oil business and pay a solid dividend.
Shares remain significantly undervalued.
Shares reports on a stock with some answers.
Shares represent interests in the mutual fund.
Shares results with the class and with the other schools participating.
Shares results with the class.
Shares results with the rest of the scholarly community.
Shares rise and fall with a politician's perceived value or popularity.
Shares rise in value as companies earn more and increase in value.
Shares scans the skies for signs of life.
Shares scours the diverse and volatile sector for opportunities.
Shares soar in after-market trading.
Shares subscription how-tos, recording studio guide and selected contents from the print edition.
Shares takes aim at seven unloved value stocks.
Shares tend to follow historical patterns .
Shares tracks with freight trains.
Shares trade on stock exchanges similar to actual stocks.
Shares tumble on overall uncertainty.
Shares weekend rounds in equal rotation with other surgical staff.
Shares work equally.
Shares work like a debit card.
Shares work with the profession through potential publication.
Shares workload with other department secretary as directed by the respective department heads.
Shares often have multiple passwords.
All share amounts prior to distribution are pro-forma.
All shares are of one class and have equal rights.
All shares are Ordinary shares of the same class and with the same rights.
All shares go down in what is called a bear market.
All shares settle physical.
All shares stay in the table until two weeks after they hit the selling trigger.
More shares mean more take-home pay.
Most share dealing, though, involves shares in what is called the secondary market.
Some shares are likely to escape completely.
Some shares have a much higher basis than others.
Shareable crude is crude other than the primary crude.
Shareable frameworks promise to simplify large-scale programming.
A sharecropper is an agricultural labourer
Sharecroppers are almost always poor , and are often in debt to landowners or other people .
Sharecroppers are almost always poor, and are often in debt to landowners or other people.
Shared activities are probably more often a result of interaction and friendship than a cause of it.
Shared activities can range from job shadowing to attending recreational or cultural events.
Shared activities give fathers hands-on experience learning about their child's capabilities.
Shared activities range from in-home visits, lunch outings.
Shared affinities complement the divergent points of view.
Shared apartment living opportunities exist in four central New Jersey counties.
Shared appointments are positions held jointly by two individuals.
Shared areas are areas on the file server where more than one user can save and retrieve files.
Shared beliefs can constrain and block vital new visions at crucial junctures.
Shared beliefs give a deeper sense of rapport and community.
Shared beliefs provide direction without control.
Shared benefits continue in force.
Shared borders act like pseudo frames, but when published to the web are really just tables.
Shared borders act like pseudo frames.
Shared borders are regions that are common to one or more pages in a web.
Shared catalogs are much bigger than a local catalog and the retrieval limit is reached more often.
Shared chores can avoid the loneliness associated with long jobs.
Shared decisions are most effective when they are data driven.
Shared edges are less common.
Shared energy makes it feasible to garden organically on a large scale.
Shared environment is the environment shared by sibling reared together in the same family.
Shared environment is the environment shared by siblings reared in the same family.
Shared equipment is inventoried annually.
Shared experience is common for traditional markets.
Shared experience is the basis of communication with others.
Shared experiences are much more fun than controlled experiences, after all.
Shared experiences are priceless moments in a family's development.
Shared experiences are the hallmark of an active genealogy society.
Shared experiences can become catalysts for more natural conversation.
Shared experiences create reality.
Shared experiences provide the basis for intimacy.
Shared expertise is important.
Shared faces are uncommon.
Shared facilities mean sharing a bathroom down the corridor with other guests.
Shared folders are subject to approval.
Shared functions are precisely what they describe.
Shared goals are crucial in today's changing social, political, and economic environment.
Shared governance gets things done.
Shared governance has many definitions.
Shared governance is a cherished concept and tradition in academic administration.
Shared governance is a community principle.
Shared governance is a frame of mind.
Shared governance is a great idea, but it only works when people are involved.
Shared governance is about respect, shared values, and a shared mission.
Shared governance is based on trust.
Shared governance is dependent on shared information.
Shared governance is dependent upon faculty participation.
Shared governance is out the window.
Shared governance is simple in definition, but difficult in application.
Shared governance is something which all involved agree is important.
Shared governance is utterly ridiculous.
Shared grief allows love and care to be expressed.
Shared grief is half the sorrow, but happiness when shared is doubled.
Shared grief is half the sorrow, but happiness when shared, is doubled.
Shared grief is half the sorrow, but happiness, when shared, is doubled.
Shared grief is key to healing.
Shared grief is only half the sorrow, but happiness when shared, is doubled.
Shared hardship increases intimacy.
Most shared houses have three to six bedrooms.
Shared information builds capacity and aids collaboration.
Shared information can be powerful when used for diagnosis and planned intervention.
Shared information can mean increased use of programs and more public support.
Shared information helps reduce uncertainty and improve a commander's decision-making cycle.
Shared information helps to protect the patient and the profession's reputation for integrity.
Shared information is seen realtime by all participants in the chat session.
Shared information is the key to better results for children and youth.
Shared information is the strength of the consortium.
Shared interests are the reasons that the seller and the buyer have for talking with one another.
Shared interests inspire motivational strategies and directions as well as content.
Shared interests lead to shared experiences.
Shared joy is double joy.
Shared joy is tremendous.
Shared knowledge builds loyalty and trust.
Shared knowledge describes the objects and contents within the realm of the system.
Shared knowledge is crucial.
Shared knowledge is power.
Shared knowledge is the key to their success.
Shared language is fundamental to any teaching.
Shared language is heard among participants.
Shared leadership fosters an environment that responds in agile ways to newness.
Shared leadership is a key element of our worship services and of all aspects of our community life.
Shared leadership is a vital lesson to learn.
Shared leadership is indispensable to a revitalized and more harmonious world.
Shared leadership is key to an effective lay ministry system.
Shared leadership is leadership with greater potential.
Shared leadership is the hallmark of a highly-successful justice committee.
Shared leadership is where much of the true work of building a school's vision happens.
Shared leadership means that everyone plays a leadership role at some point or another.
Shared leadership means that more voices can be heard.
Shared leadership sustains an atmosphere of high morale and professional growth.
Shared libraries are a terribly complex beast.
Shared libraries are also often available as separate pieces of software.
Shared libraries are commonly used libraries of code that other programs can load dynamically.
Shared libraries are nice.
Shared libraries are no panacea for compatibility.
Shared libraries are perforce the only way to do dynamic loading.
Shared libraries are really nice since several binaries can share the same code.
Shared libraries are software routines that are used by more than one part of the operating system.
Shared libraries are something of a problem.
Shared libraries can be a pain too, despite sprof.
Shared libraries end with the suffix .sl.
Shared libraries provide for much smaller executables, but they are difficult to debug with.
Shared libraries suck.
Shared libraries support is very system specific.
Shared links are a great way to build traffic.
Shared machines are therefore one important place to apply virus protection programs.
Shared meals are a sign of inclusion and acceptance.
Shared meals are prepared and served in the common house one to six times per week.
Shared meaning implies shared deep structures.
Shared media is inherently prone to high collision rates, broadcast storms and high error rates.
Shared mediums allow for easier password sniffing.
Shared membership includes husbands and wives, and partners.
Shared memories become a class hallmark.
Shared memories enable the computers to communicate various informations.
Shared memory has already been fixed, just needs checking for bugs.
Shared memory is a portion of memory that multiple processes can access.
Shared memory is a region of memory that can be accessed by multiple processes.
Shared memory is a very fast transfer method, since no buffering on the card is required.
Shared memory is accessed is directly, while ordinary files are accessed indirectly.
Shared memory is allocated from an arena.
Shared memory is at the center.
Shared memory is established between the boards to serve as the actual communications medium.
Shared memory is great for things like holding status information.
Shared memory is hard.
Shared memory is in the works.
Shared memory is the fastest inter-process communication mechanism.
Shared memory is used by shared libraries.
Shared memory is used for buffering.
Shared memory is used for chunks of data to be read and written.
Shared memory is used for reading and writing data buffers.
Shared memory is used to allow the two to communicate with each other.
Shared memory is used to communicate among the process set.
Shared memory is used to store incoming and outgoing packets.
Shared memory requires the overhead of synchronization to avoid storage inconsistencies.
More shared memory is needed than was allocated in the operating system process.
Shared mode allows the same object to be returned twice in the same transaction.
Shared mode allows two transactions to read the same record at the same time.
Shared networks are common for business, academic, and government usage.
Shared networks tend to less efficient than switched networks.
Shared objects can now have the suffix .so.
Shared objects remain shared, which can be very important for mutable objects.
Shared occupancy is optional.
Shared papers are also welcome.
Shared parking is available in the lot adjacent to the building.
Shared parking is possible.
Shared pools are community pools, or are accessible by more than one party.
Shared prayer is a regular part of our life together, although no one is required to participate.
Shared prayer is worth the risk and can enhance marital intimacy.
Shared process can enhance our university.
Shared production is another aspect.
Shared prosperity is possible if globalisation is harnessed intelligently and at the right level.
Shared queries exclude objects in private databases.
Shared records are essential for maintaining a workgroup's knowledge.
Shared resources are another matter.
Shared responsibilities can bring out hidden talents.
Shared roadways are common on neighborhood streets and on rural roads and highways.
Shared sadness is intimate and soothing.
Shared secrets are case sensitive.
Shared servers are less costly to rent than dedicated servers.
Shared servers are simply servers that are shared with other businesses.
Shared servers can jeopardize security if one client gains access to another's data.
Shared services are often a temporary solution or an intermediate step before outsourcing.
Shared services are sort of a halfway point between outsourcing and contracting.
Shared space encourages exploration of the earth's ecology.
Shared space has an impact on understanding.
Shared space includes living room and kitchen.
Shared space is plentiful and individual suites offer privacy.
Shared space is summarized in the following.
Shared spaces are offices that two or three workers share.
Shared spaces become the collaborative tools which are used to facilitate the relationship.
Shared stories are good for children, for families, and for communities.
Shared stories create our history and pave the proverbial road for the future.
Shared studio has a private bathroom.
Shared success makes the process self-reinforcing.
Shared supervision is possible and indeed encouraged.
Shared systems are also more vulnerable to viruses.
Shared systems are definitely the answer.
Shared traditions are essential for social cohesion, and therefore a primary and permanent good.
Shared trails have both types.
Shared training increases knowledge and know-how.
Shared users are resopponsible for the maintenece, repair and upkeep of all non building equipment.
Shared vans are also available.
Shared vents are dangerous.
Shared vision is the belief that elevates a group from mere compliance to deep commitment.
Shared vision is the sum of the personal visions of all participating individuals.
Shared visions are fundamental to successful collaborations.
Shared visions derive their power from a common caring.
Shared washrooms are across the hall from the bedrooms.
Shared writing Have students compose a rhyming poem.
Shareholder activism aims to improve corporate performance and thus enhance returns.
Shareholder activism Calls for more involvement and strengthening of the shareholder role.
Shareholder activism continues to play an important role in ethical issues.
Shareholder activism is an excellent tool for challenging corporate behavior.
Shareholder activism is no longer a fringe activity for institutional investor fiduciaries.
Shareholder activism is on the rise in Taiwan, too.
Shareholder activism is one facet of what proponents call socially responsible investing.
Shareholder activism operates on making incremental progress every year.
Shareholder activism plays a huge role in socially responsible investments.
Shareholder resolutions are a facet of many corporate campaigns.
Shareholder resolutions are unknown.
Shareholder resolutions cause companies to disclose information.
Shareholder resolutions face a variety of obstacles.
Shareholder resolutions fall into a few broad categories.
Shareholder resolutions protect the financial interests of shareholders.
Shareholder value can mean bondholder losses.
Shareholder value is all that matters Shareholders exercise the ultimate control over their company.
Shareholder value is all.
Shareholder value is essential.
Shareholder value is nothing but the total benefit to shareholders from investing in a company.
Shareholder value is the driver of our age.
Shareholder value is the estimated net cash flow for all future years.
Shareholder value is the new mantra of the global economy.
Shareholder value is the result.
Shareholder value oriented management goes beyond profit to focus on cash flows.
A shareholder is an investor
Shareholder meetings Investor conferences Analyst conferences Major corporate announcements.
Shareholders adore smart business, and bigger dividends on their investment.
Shareholders also elect the management of the corporation.
Shareholders also enjoy limited liability for the debts of the corporation.
Shareholders also pay tax on the dividends they are paid.
Shareholders apparently understand.
Shareholders appear to support cross border deals.
Shareholders approve Delaware reincorporation.
Shareholders approve merger.
Shareholders are also liable, in most states, for unpaid wages.
Shareholders are at risk because the company appears headed for bankruptcy.
Shareholders are at the bottom of the list.
Shareholders are at the end of the line.
Shareholders are both private investors as well as public institutions.
Shareholders are concerned.
Shareholders are ecstatic.
Shareholders are entitled to profit from the land, the company says.
Shareholders are furious.
Shareholders are happy now.
Shareholders are happy.
Shareholders are interested mostly in the value of their investment.
Shareholders are investors.
Shareholders are last in line for distributions in bankruptcy court.
Shareholders are liable for income tax on the gross dividend they receive.
Shareholders are liable for the debts of the company up to the face value of the shares they hold.
Shareholders are liable only to the amount of their investment.
Shareholders are located in buildings.
Shareholders are located in companies.
Shareholders are located in factories.
Shareholders are located in large companies.
Shareholders are located in public companies.
Shareholders are primarily interested in a rising stock price and eventually dividend payouts.
Shareholders are really quite tolerant of high pay if it is associated with high performance.
Shareholders are responsible for payment of estimated tax on their personal returns.
Shareholders are right to demand good governance from their portfolio companies.
Shareholders are spineless weasels when it comes to investing in something new.
Shareholders are the investors in a corporation.
Shareholders are the owners of a corporation based on their holdings.
Shareholders are the owners of corporations.
Shareholders are uncomfortable with companies which destroy the environment.
Shareholders are used for financings.
Shareholders are usually opposed to the repricing of stock options.
Shareholders attend meetings and their voices are heard.
Shareholders bear the cost of corporate disregard for appropriate behavior.
Shareholders begin the process by nominating stocks.
Shareholders can access their accounts online and take advantage of several customization features.
Shareholders can access their accounts online and there is a tutorial for opening a new account.
Shareholders can act in writing instead of holding meetings.
Shareholders can also review their accounts on line.
Shareholders can be a pain in the ass, but they do own the company.
Shareholders can be anonymous.
Shareholders can be individuals or companies of any nationality or residence.
Shareholders can be individuals or corporations of any nationality.
Shareholders can be individuals or corporations.
Shareholders can be nominees.
Shareholders can be passive investors but active owners.
Shareholders can be people or other companies or businesses.
Shareholders can be persons or corporations of any nationality.
Shareholders can be resident or non-resident, and shares can be held through nominees.
Shareholders can buy, sell, exchange shares, check account balances and transaction history.
Shareholders can cast all their votes for one candidate or distribute their votes among several.
Shareholders can congratulate themselves that they are getting good value for money.
Shareholders can even speak at the annual meetings.
Shareholders can expect to see nothing but additional pain.
Shareholders can expect what was paid the previous year, and possibly an increase.
Shareholders can find the previous day's closing price in daily newspapers under various listings.
Shareholders can help plant, cultivate, and harvest.
Shareholders can only cross their fingers.
Shareholders can opt to receive their proxy information electronically in subsequent years.
Shareholders can stay invested and fresh investments can be considered at current levels.
Shareholders can sue management and the board for breach of fiduciary duties.
Shareholders can t say they weren t warned.
Shareholders can tender all or a portion of their shares at a price within that range.
Shareholders can then easily convert their shares through a simple online exchange request.
Shareholders can usually cast their votes by telephone, over the Internet, or by mail.
Shareholders can usually diversify less expensively than the company can.
Shareholders certainly hope so.
Shareholders clearly benefit from a continued focus on the bottom-line.
Shareholders consider photographs to be the most effective vehicle for telling the company's story.
Shareholders consider value in terms of returns on their investment.
Shareholders contribute capital to the company and are the owners of the corporation.
Shareholders deal directly with the mutual fund to obtain and redeem shares.
Shareholders demand big profits as compensation for underwriting research and development.
Shareholders demand greater returns through increased revenue and efficiency.
Shareholders demand more, more, more.
Shareholders demand protection of, and a fair return on, their investment.
Shareholders demand the highest possible rate of return.
Shareholders deserve a reasonable return for the use of their hard-earned money.
Shareholders deserve a well-managed company that watches every penny.
Shareholders deserve to know.
Shareholders designate charities to which the corporation donates.
Shareholders don t all have to be private.
Shareholders elect a board of directors to look out for shareholder interests.
Shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders' meeting.
Shareholders expect returns on their investments.
Shareholders expect revenue growth and profitability.
Shareholders face higher tax rates on dividend income than on capital gains income.
Shareholders face little prospect of getting anything at all.
Shareholders face triple taxation.
Shareholders generally have no individual liability.
Shareholders generally have no liability for obligations of the corporation.
Shareholders generally have the right to bring such by-law amendments under state law.
Shareholders generally meet once a year to elect the corporation's directors.
Shareholders get short shrift, but for directors it makes life cushy.
Shareholders get the profits.
Shareholders hate revenue declines.
Shareholders hate the practice because it separates the interests of top execs from their own.
Shareholders have a limited right to participate in the governance of a corporation.
Shareholders have a right to know how their money is being spent.
Shareholders have clearly enforceable rights in law if the company acts contrary to their interests.
Shareholders have corporations, which direct their efforts to increasing returns to themselves.
Shareholders have direct ownership of corporate property, such as the company building or equipment.
Shareholders have limited liability in most cases.
Shareholders have limited personal liability.
Shareholders have little hope of any return.
Shareholders have no interest in journalism.
Shareholders have no preemptive right to purchase additional shares.
Shareholders have no right to participate in the day to day management of the corporation.
Shareholders have only limited legal protection in China.
Shareholders have personal limited liability.
Shareholders have rights.
Shareholders have the responsibility to vote for all directors, whether in person or by proxy.
Shareholders have the right to express their opinion through propositions.
Shareholders have the right to request a copy of such documents.
Shareholders have the right to their fair share of declared dividends.
Shareholders have to take either dividend income or salaries if they want to live.
Shareholders hold their shares with a view to benefiting from capital appreciation.
Shareholders hope to see higher profits and garner larger dividends.
Shareholders increasingly expect businesses to behave ethically.
Shareholders invest to obtain a return on their investments.
Shareholders know the true value of our share.
Shareholders look for return on their own money as well as that of the policyholder.
Shareholders maintain the same percentage of equity as before the split .
Shareholders maintain the same percentage of equity as before the split.
Shareholders maintain the same percentage of equity as before thesplit.
Shareholders make policy decisions in accordance with shareholder agreements.
Shareholders normally elect the directors at the annual meeting of shareholders.
Shareholders now have the potential to impinge on the sanctity of the doctor-patient relationship.
Shareholders owe it to themselves to be informed of their companies rules of corporate governance.
Shareholders own a companies retained earnings.
Shareholders own a percentage of the securities held by the fund.
Shareholders own the corporation.
Shareholders own the stock of the corporation.
Shareholders pay a part or the entire fee charged, up front.
Shareholders pay a premium for a claim on that whole stream of future dollars.
Shareholders pay tax on dividends.
Shareholders purchase a share in the season's harvest and receive a weekly package of food.
Shareholders receive a membership of an equivalent or higher value than the shares purchased.
Shareholders receive priority in response to inquiries about business and professional firms.
Shareholders receive stock certificates as proof of their ownership in the corporation.
Shareholders receiving dividends do then end up paying income tax on profits already taxed.
Shareholders report any income from the sale of their stock, paying the capital gains rate.
Shareholders say they are intrigued by the offer.
Shareholders see it differently.
Shareholders see value creation and destruction in a matter of days.
Shareholders seem to agree.
Shareholders seem to like the idea.
Shareholders seem wary.
Shareholders share in the fortunes, good and bad, of the company.
Shareholders share the profits of the company when and if a dividend is declared.
Shareholders smile in expectation of the long deferred dividend.
Shareholders stand last in line for payouts after creditors.
Shareholders still have to decide on a location.
Shareholders still perceive it as the company's taken away something.
Shareholders take a very dim view of such activities.
Shareholders Take advantage of the ease of online transactions .
Shareholders take note.
Shareholders tend to judge management in terms of profits, dividends and stock prices.
Shareholders tend to use the annual report to recommend purchase of stocks to friends and relatives.
Shareholders then receive produce throughout the season without paying anything further.
Shareholders then weigh and pack their own produce according to their shares.
Shareholders treat distributed property as if they purchased it from corp.
Shareholders turn on corporations that give to organizations involved with reproductive rights.
Shareholders typically exercise their voting rights at annual or special meetings.
Shareholders vote annually for a board of directors.
Shareholders vote on an action in a corporation, such as a new CEO or any major corporate event.
Shareholders vote on board elections and significant company issues.
Shareholders vote on resolutions at company annual meetings.
Shareholders vote on the proposed deal soon.
Shareholders often end up with nothing.
Shareholders sometimes fail to cash dividend checks.
All shareholders are active shareholders for small business credit.
All shareholders are Australian residents, with most based in Western Australia.
All shareholders are Australian residents.
All shareholders can use any of the corp.
All shareholders care about the environment - some are just more extreme than others.
All shareholders participate in the gains or losses of the fund.
All Shareholders strive to achieve full compliance.
Any shareholder has the choice to receive cash or other property instead of stock or stock rights.
Any shareholder has the right to question the board of directors.
Every shareholder is mailed a copy of the annual report every year.
Many shareholders opt out.
Many shareholders serve as team leaders in the firm's offices, and play a major role in training.
Many shareholders use more than their allocation during an irrigation year.
Many shareholders visit our sanctuaries at shareholder weekends or at other times.
Most shareholders are active in the daily management and activities of the company.
Most shareholders are willing to wait and see.
Most shareholders direct the fund company to reinvest the distributions by buying more shares.
Most shareholders play it safe and vote with management against all new and unfamiliar proposals.
Most shareholders sell no shares from their funds . . .
Some shareholders have the right to vote and, hence, oversee the corporation's affairs.
Shareware distribution gives users a chance to freely try software before they buy it.
Shareware distribution gives users a chance to try a software before purchasing it.
Shareware distribution gives users a chance to try software before actually buying it.
Shareware distribution gives users a chance to try software before buying it.
Shareware distribution offers benefits to users and authors alike.
Shareware distribution strips the middlemen away.
Shareware files are free test software packages.
Shareware information is included with the application where applicable.
Shareware programs are free to copy, pass around, and try out for a reasonable amount of time.
Most shareware programs are extremely inexpensive and worth the money the author is asking for.
Shareware vendors are welcome.
Shareware version comes with shareware reminder messages.
Shareware version contains only one design.
Shareware version demonstrates all functions.
Shareware version handles small picture sizes correctly.
Shareware version has even more.
Shareware version has limited functionality .
Shareware version includes shareware notices at upper left.
Shareware version includes shareware sign at upper left.
Shareware version is also availabel.
Shareware version is available for download .
Shareware version is free.
Shareware version is limited to export of only one object at a time.
Shareware version runs forever.
Shareware version solves any triangle given miminum possible data.
Shareware versions are almost always the very first workable version of the font.
Shareware versions are available.
Shareware versions are probably available.
Shareware versions are widely available, from various online sources.
Shareware abounds on the Internet and is often distributed on CD-ROMs with computer magazines.
Shareware allows plenty of room for innovation.
Shareware allows users to obtain the software free for a trial period.
Shareware allows users to try the program before they buy.
Shareware allows visitors the ability to download the latest version of the product instantly.
Shareware can be a ready source of virus.
Shareware can be a trump card with bankers.
Shareware can be an economical alternative to commercial software.
Shareware can be freely copied and distributed by anyone.
Shareware comes close to standard commercial software.
Shareware comes in all shapes and sizes.
Shareware comes to the rescue here, too.
Shareware comes to the rescue.
Shareware comes with no guarantees, and it is usually less sophisticated than commercial software.
Shareware condoms city piss condoms piss shareware shareware lips shareware.
Shareware cuts out the middleman, reducing the cost of the product.
Shareware FAR is shareware.
Shareware gives users the opportunity to try out software before purchasing it.
Shareware helps learn new words.
Shareware is a package
Shareware IS business.
Shareware is computer programs.
Shareware is software.
Shareware macros Down load macros that other users have made available to share.
Shareware Plays most media audio formats.
Shareware requires registration at a cost.
Shareware reviews with sample screenshots and download links.
Shareware sound synthesizer with vapor algorithm that creates very complex sounds in real time.
Shareware works largely on the honesty factor in people.
Shareware works something like that too.
Sharewares usually have trial period.
All shareware is rated and reviewed.
All shareware is ready to run.
All shareware used is registered.
Most shareware has a limit time for use.
Most shareware is based on the honor system.
Much shareware is available to download from the Internet.
Some shareware is also available on CD-ROMs packaged by software distributors.
Some shareware is excellent and some is, well, still in beta.
Some shareware is free, and others work only for a trial period.
Some shareware is strictly on the honor system.
Some shareware is written to do very specific and specialized jobs.
Sharia courts have jurisdiction in civil proceedings regarding marriage, inheritance and adoption.
A sharia law is a law
Sharia law calls for punishments such as amputation for stealing.
Shari'a law is noted as the dominant system of law, particularly in southern Somalia.
A sharia is a law
Sharia becomes the law in all fields, except banking and insurance.
Sharia enforces the cutting off of a hand for theft and death by stoning for adultery.
Sharing space reduces operating expenses and improves public service.
A sharing is intercommunication
Sharing actually is invoked in two stages, application sharing and application collaboration.
Sharing also develops a confidence in students' abilities.
Sharing also fosters better and broader understanding throughout the team.
Sharing also limits the water intake of each student, which can lead to dehydration.
Sharing also makes practical sense.
Sharing also reaffirms our commitment to dual recovery on an ongoing basis.
Sharing are distribution.
Sharing are mutuality.
Sharing are overlappings.
Sharing becomes a matter of survival.
Sharing becomes the essence of the secretary's job.
Sharing breaks down a lot of barriers.
Sharing brings out more abundance, and reduces our psychological necessity for material rewards.
Sharing can be a lot of fun, too.
Sharing can be fun.
Sharing can help.
Sharing can make all the difference.
Sharing can reduce that cost.
Sharing comes about as the natural outcome of meeting people and building relationships.
Sharing continues until all participants are seated.
Sharing decreases misery and increases joy.
Sharing derates the score of individuals that are similar to other individuals in the population.
Sharing doubles the joy and cuts the sorrow in half.
Sharing effectively can change lives.
Sharing encourages learning.
Sharing enriches the musical repetoire.
Sharing farewells on their eternal Autumn stroll.
Sharing goes beyond food and beyond mating.
Sharing has a much more acceptable ring to it.
Sharing has to be more than just sharing information.
Sharing helps make it bearable.
Sharing helps rigid thinkers loosen up and provides reinforcement for creative thinkers.
Sharing helps, but only up to a point.
Sharing here goes to extremes that foreigners have a hard time comprehending.
Sharing implies a relationship between equals where the give and take go in both directions.
Sharing increases the personal influence of the shared point.
Sharing is a beginning.
Sharing is a big part of any family gathering.
Sharing is a bunch of bull.
Sharing is a cheerful response to grace.
Sharing is a concept that is hard to define and is often confusing to children.
Sharing is a difficult concept to sell in many ways.
Sharing is a foreign concept to Arum.
Sharing is a GOOD Policy.
Sharing is a good thing - except when it's music, it seems.
Sharing is a good thing to do.
Sharing is a good thing.
Sharing is a learned activity, and mastering it takes some time.
Sharing is a most important biblical notion as well.
Sharing is a necessary skill for making and keeping friends and getting along in school.
Sharing is a normal adult activity.
Sharing is a regular part of the day in kindergarten.
Sharing is a sister norm in our family.
Sharing is a two way street.
Sharing is a two-way process.
Sharing is a two-way street.
Sharing is a unique assistance program.
Sharing is a universal concept but it has little to do with top-down politics.
Sharing is a very dangerous tool.
Sharing is a very difficult task for children to learn.
Sharing is a very difficult thing to learn.
Sharing is a very kind act that means giving something to someone else.
Sharing is a virtue, and a difficult value to teach our children.
Sharing is a wonderful word.
Sharing is achieved if both sibs have same alleles.
Sharing is also a great way to try new items.
Sharing is also an important task in furthering justice and peace.
Sharing is also how they approach their work.
Sharing is always a big issue with youngsters.
Sharing is always good.
Sharing is always optional.
Sharing is an affirmation of our lives and relationships with alcoholics.
Sharing is an American value.
Sharing is an area that depends heavily on the contributions of the users.
Sharing is an essential part of thinking.
Sharing is an exclusively one-way form of communication.
Sharing is an important concept in the hotel world.
Sharing is an important lesson.
Sharing is an important part of building friendships.
Sharing is an important part of life.
Sharing is an important part of Mexican culture.
Sharing is an important part of the Inuit culture .
Sharing is an important step.
Sharing is another important component of the weekly homework.
Sharing is at the heart of successful government and education.
Sharing is at the very core of good human relations.
Sharing is better, it's about being equal.
Sharing is bimodal.
Sharing is broken when the body state is modified through any handle.
Sharing is called many things.
Sharing is central to social life.
Sharing is completely voluntary.
Sharing is contagious behavior.
Sharing is definitely cool.
Sharing is definitely on option also.
Sharing is done in small groups.
Sharing is easy.
Sharing is encouraged where possible.
Sharing is encouraged.
Sharing is essential.
Sharing is for sissies.
Sharing is for weaker creatures.
Sharing is fun and becoming an executive member is fun.
Sharing is fun, try it.
Sharing is fundamental to a cooperative environment.
Sharing is good and technology eases the process.
Sharing is good fun.
Sharing is good to do.
Sharing is good, and stealing is wrong.
Sharing is good.
Sharing is hard.
Sharing is important to community well being.
Sharing is important, too, as is being good to animals and to each other.
Sharing is important.
Sharing is impossible.
Sharing is inhibited by the expense of high-speed communications links and encryption.
Sharing is itself an achievement in the values of local and indigenous communities.
Sharing is just what relatives do.
Sharing is key.
Sharing is knowledge.
Sharing is love and from that state all things spring and flow.
Sharing is more than about things however.
Sharing is much easier than having to reinvent wheels.
Sharing is neither an idea nor an act.
Sharing is nice.
Sharing is often low on their list of priorities.
Sharing is one of the best ways to meet people from all over the world.
Sharing is one of the great success stories in the Consortium.
Sharing is Optimal.
Sharing is optional in all settings, and the chapel is available any time as a quiet place.
Sharing is optional.
Sharing is perhaps the best place to start.
Sharing is possible.
Sharing is preserved in the more common case of parameter passing, etc.
Sharing is simplified, because addresses are context independent.
Sharing is something that children learn, and often by our example.
Sharing is sometimes more demanding than giving.
Sharing is sometimes necessary.
Sharing is such a warm, cuddly, friendly word.
Sharing is the African way.
Sharing is the art of living.
Sharing is the basis of collaboration among people.
Sharing is the best part of receiving.
Sharing is the best way of teaching.
Sharing is the cause and desire to receive is the effect.
Sharing is the core benefit from doing genealogy on the Internet.
Sharing is the glue that binds the various dimensions of complexity together.
Sharing is the human behavior that describes the exchange of knowledge.
Sharing is the ingredient that makes genealogy so exciting.
Sharing is the key to being exposed to something new and fresh.
Sharing is the name of the game in building a homepage.
Sharing is the only solution.
Sharing is the only way.
Sharing is therapeutic.
Sharing is time-consuming and difficult.
Sharing is understood and accepted without question.
Sharing is usually an excellent way to bring about greater balance and harmony.
Sharing is usually necessary.
Sharing is very simple.
Sharing is what genealogy is all about.
Sharing is what it is all about, after all . . .
Sharing is what it is all about.
Sharing is what makes people prosper.
Sharing is what on-line discussion is all about.
Sharing is, again, also more than simply about things.
Sharing leads for job and internship openings.
Sharing leads to bonding, which is a two-way street.
Sharing lives with one another and caring for each another.
Sharing makes economic sense.
Sharing makes everything better.
Sharing makes it easier.
Sharing makes our difficulties weigh less.
Sharing makes partitioning the hard disk a practical necessity.
Sharing makes sense There is a secret plan cooking to solve the battle of the books.
Sharing makes sense, but it flies in the face of the big-market capitalists who have all the cash.
Sharing makes upgrades cheaper.
Sharing means just that.
Sharing means success.
Sharing means that computers can receive information that was intended for other machines.
Sharing means that venture capitalists can specialise, which also brings rewards.
Sharing needs both sides.
Sharing needs to be brief and allow many students to participate.
Sharing needs to be encouraged in small groups and expanded over time.
Sharing really is more than about things.
Sharing refers to the grid points of the board.
Sharing remains a central message of most of our religions.
Sharing requires a level of trust.
Sharing requires a much greater commitment between the parties involved. . . .
Sharing requires permission.
Sharing rides with co-workers or neighbors can reduce stress and improve employee morale.
Sharing saves memory when the same user-interface object appears in several places.
Sharing seems logical.
Sharing seems to make the fun even greater.
Sharing still takes place but is an uneven sharing.
Sharing syllabi is one way of sharing ideas and supporting the efforts of colleagues.
Sharing takes place in committee meetings that precede the monthly plenary session.
Sharing takes place with imagery and internal dialogue.
Sharing takes place within classrooms and through e-mail.
Sharing therefore creates a relationship between the givers and receivers of knowledge.
Sharing works both ways.
Sharing writing with others can produce anxiety for many students.
Sharing written and drawn information is the most important means of cultural exchange.
Sharings do greatly enrich, if the hands be well chosen that are trusted.
Sharings do greatly enrich, if the hands be well chosen, that are trusted.
Sharing usually leads to learning and reassurance.
All sharing begins with association.
All sharing is subject to editing.
All sharing takes is a sense of generosity.
Every sharing helps.
More sharing is critical to making picture taking and viewing an everyday experience.
Much sharing is done with a sponsor.
Much sharing is possible betweent the messages dealt with by the client and server.
Shark attacks are diseases.
Most shark attacks are by small sharks that, for instance, mistook a foot for a fish.
Most shark attacks are cases of mistaken identity.
Most shark attacks happen by mistake and are more often on swimmers and surfers than divers.
Most shark attacks occur in shallow water or at the surface offshore.
Most shark attacks occur on boats.
Some shark babies grow in eggs inside leathery cases.
Some shark biologists investigate feed habits.
Some shark biologists investigate habits.
Shark cartilage can help to halt a wide range of cancers dead in their tracks.
Shark cartilage can help to halt a wide range ofs dead in their tracks.
Shark cartilage contains a major anti-inflammatory which helps relieve most types of pain.
Shark cartilage contains inhibitors of tumor angiogenesis.
Shark cartilage has an extraordinary reputation for fighting a number of disorders.
Shark cartilage is a food product.
Shark cartilage is a good source for calcium and phosphorous.
Shark cartilage is a pure source of an important family of carbohydrates called mucopolysaccharides.
Shark cartilage is another amazing product.
Shark cartilage is available as a food supplement in capsule and powder form.
Shark cartilage is extracted from the heads and fins of sharks.
Shark cartilage is of no benefit whatsoever.
Shark cartilage is only a by-product.
Shark cartilage is prepared from the skeleton of freshly caught sharks.
Shark cartilage is relatively expensive.
Shark cartilage is supplied in powder and capsule forms.
Shark cartilage is unique, natural, safe, non-toxic, and without adverse side effects.
Shark cartilage is widely available in health food stores.
Shark cartilage is worthless against cancer.
Shark City is located in the Chicago land area.
Shark dissection is interesting and educational.
Shark embryos receive nutrients from several sources.
Shark embryos receive nutrients.
Most shark embryos receive nutrients.
Some shark embryos get their food first from a yolk.
Shark eyes have a spherical lens.
Shark fishing brings in real money.
Some shark mothers take care.
Shark pups weigh pounds.
Most shark pups weigh pounds.
Some shark pups have feet.
Shark reproduction varies from once each year to at irregular intervals several years apart.
Most shark scientists study pickle jars because they are afraid to get in the water.
Many shark species are highly migratory and cross political boundaries on a regular basis.
Many shark species mature late in life, and produce comparatively few young.
Shark Valley is located on the park's north side.
A shark is fish
Shark isa fish.
Sharks account for just one per cent of all the species fished in the world.
Sharks account for just one percent of all the species fished in the world.
Sharks adapt to habitats.
Sharks also attack humans because they have been provoked or agitated by the person.
Sharks also can explain the origins of the immune system in evolution, experts say.
Sharks also come in many sizes.
Sharks also congregate on the schools to get their share of the easy harvest of tasty fish.
Sharks also feed on dead or dying animals.
Sharks also have a conveyor belt system of dental replacement.
Sharks also have a lateral line system.
Sharks also have a very acute sense of hearing.
Sharks also have an acute sense of smell.
Sharks also have gill slits on their heads rather than gill covers - typically five on each side.
Sharks also have good eye sight, and hearing.
Sharks also have large livers full of low-density oils, which provide some buoyancy.
Sharks also have very low growth rates, a problem that is compounded by overfishing.
Sharks also have very low growth rates, a problem that is related to the problem of overfishing.
Sharks also hunt.
Sharks also prefer to attack at dawn or dusk.
Sharks also regulate the big parrotfish that feed on coral.
Sharks also reveal great diversity in behavior and size.
Sharks also roam the flats now.
Sharks also seem to use their electrical sense for navigation and migration.
Sharks also serve to remove the sick, diseased, weak or injured animals from the ocean.
Sharks also show great diversity in size.
Sharks also vary in lifestyle.
Sharks also withdraw from sounds that have a sudden onset.
Sharks apparently are the only animals that never get sick.
Sharks appear in environments.
Sharks appear in habitats.
Sharks appear in oceans.
Sharks appear in sea.
Sharks appear in water.
Sharks appear out of nowhere, smelling the bait from up to a quarter of a mile away.
Sharks are a classic example.
Sharks are a common catch in the spring and summer.
Sharks are a common seafood in many places , including Japan and Australia .
Sharks are a common seafood in many places, including Japan and Australia.
Sharks are a cosmopolitan species, with many makes and models.
Sharks are a dolphin's main predator.
Sharks are a formidable predator throughout the life cycle of the Green Sea Turtle.
Sharks are a good example.
Sharks are a keystone species.
Sharks are a problem for the Hawaiian monk seal, as are commercial fishing nets.
Sharks are a second group of marine life that is headed for trouble.
Sharks are a type of fish that have no bones, only cartilage.
Sharks are a type of fish.
Sharks are a valuable fishery for their fins, a delicacy in the Orient.
Sharks are a vegetable.
Sharks are a very good example of fusiform predators.
Sharks are a very important part of the balance in the ocean.
Sharks are a vital part of the overall ecosystem.
Sharks are able to pick up very small electrical pulses that all living things emit.
Sharks are able to see color contrasts extremely well.
Sharks are abundant along with a large range of pelagic fishes.
Sharks are afraid of jet skis.
Sharks are almost exclusively marine in distribution.
Sharks are also a possibility, drawn by the reef's vibrant fish population.
Sharks are also fine to be afraid of.
Sharks are also the ocean's garbage disposals.
Sharks are also very, very sensitive to electrical fields.
Sharks are amazing fish that have been around since long before the dinosaurs existed.
Sharks are ambitious.
Sharks are among the healthiest creatures on earth.
Sharks are among the most biologically vulnerable species in the ocean.
Sharks are among the most sensitive to electric currents of all ocean creatures.
Sharks are among the most successful and ancient groups of fishes.
Sharks are among the most vulnerable species in the ocean.
Sharks are an abundant species and an important food resource throughout the world.
Sharks are an ancient line of fish.
Sharks are an example.
Sharks are an important part of the reef ecology.
Sharks are an integral facet of the ocean environment.
Sharks are an often misunderstood but very important component of the undersea community.
Sharks are an old family of fish, dating back many millions of years to the Devonian Period.
Sharks are animals that are superbly adapted to their environment.
Sharks are animals with a great deal of cartilage.
Sharks are at the top of the food chain.
Sharks are at the top of the ocean food pyramid.
Sharks are at the very top of the marine food chain.
Sharks are buoyant because of the oil contained in their over-sized livers.
Sharks are by no means the only pelagic animals under stress.
Sharks are capable of surviving on average six weeks without eating.
Sharks are capable of swims.
Sharks are carnivorous and eat fish, including other sharks.
Sharks are carnivorous.
Sharks are cartilaginous fish which move continuously in order to breath.
Sharks are cartilaginous fish.
Sharks are cold-blooded fish and have a skeleton that is made of cartilage.
Sharks are common off Australia's beaches, but fatal attacks are rare.
Sharks are cool.
Sharks are critical keystone predators that continue to maintain the balance of our fragile oceans.
Sharks are dangerous enemies for a dolphin.
Sharks are dangerous.
Sharks are different from most other kinds of fish.
Sharks are different in other ways, too.
Sharks are difficult to control, but they can be hooked and subdued.
Sharks are dumb and they have been around for hundreds of millions of years.
Sharks are eaten as seafood in many areas, including Japan and Australia.
Sharks are Elasmobranch fish.
Sharks are elasmobranchs.
Sharks are especially vulnerable to overfishing because they mature slowly.
Sharks are evolved from sharks.
Sharks are experts.
Sharks are extremely diverse in form, feeding habits, range of movement, and use of habitat.
Sharks are extremely plentiful.
Sharks are extremely sensitive to even the slightest voltage.
Sharks are fairly intelligent, and have been compared to dogs or cats.
Sharks are fairly intelligent, have numerous senses to detect prey.
Sharks are fast swimmers.
Sharks are fierce predators, but they are very cautious.
Sharks are fish and, like other species of fish, use gills to breathe rather than lungs.
Sharks are fish because they have gills and get their oxygen from the water.
Sharks are fish that live in the water and are cold-blooded animals.
Sharks are fish that live throughout the world's oceans.
Sharks are fish, and virtually all fish breathe through the use of gills.
Sharks are fish.
Sharks are fish.
Sharks are fishes.
Sharks are food for the rich and the poor.
Sharks are formidable hunters, the top of the ocean's food chain.
Sharks are found all over the globe at different temperatures, and depths.
Sharks are found in all seas.
Sharks are gathered, For they smell the blood.
Sharks are girthful, and use their width to drive forward with each body gyration.
Sharks are gnathostomes.
Sharks are good to eat.
Sharks are hard to kill.
Sharks are hatched or born as juveniles, or smaller versions of the adult.
Sharks are immune to practically every disease known to man.
Sharks are important apex predators in the marine environment.
Sharks are important to the health of the oceans.
Sharks are important to the ocean's ecosystems and to both recreational and commercial fishermen.
Sharks are imune to every known sickness, including cancer.
Sharks are in danger of being overfished.
Sharks are in danger of extinction due to demand for their fins.
Sharks are in the harbor area where the swimming leg of the new triathlon event takes place.
Sharks are in the lineup.
Sharks are inclined to bite when they smell blood.
Sharks are insects.
Sharks are inside oceans.
Sharks are interesting because they lived before the dinosaurs.
Sharks are internal fertilizers.
Sharks are key for a healthy reef.
Sharks are known as sharks.
Sharks are known to live for many years.
Sharks are lighter than bony fishes because cartilage is lighter than bone tissue.
Sharks are located in bad movies.
Sharks are located in barrier reefs.
Sharks are located in business.
Sharks are located in coral reefs.
Sharks are located in lakes.
Sharks are located in movies.
Sharks are located in museums.
Sharks are located in news.
Sharks are located in nightmares.
Sharks are located in novels.
Sharks are located in oceans.
Sharks are located in pacific oceans.
Sharks are located in pacifics.
Sharks are located in pet shops.
Sharks are located in poker games.
Sharks are located in reefs.
Sharks are located in restaurants.
Sharks are located in salt water.
Sharks are located in saltwaters.
Sharks are located in schools.
Sharks are located in seawater.
Sharks are located in shallow water.
Sharks are located in tanks.
Sharks are located in television programs.
Sharks are located in television shows.
Sharks are located in water.
Sharks are located in zoos.
Sharks are loners.
Sharks are long-lived.
Sharks are mammals.
Sharks are marine predators and that's the bottom line.
Sharks are mean, nasty creatures that eat people.
Sharks are misunderstood animals.
Sharks are more closely related to skates than to sea trout.
Sharks are more likely to attack a lone person.
Sharks are more likely to attack a lone swimmer or individual surfer.
Sharks are most active at night.
Sharks are multicellular organism.
Sharks are normally offshore, but have been caught close to the beach as well.
Sharks are notorious for beating a tarpon to a surface plug.
Sharks are numerous here.
Sharks are omnivorous, which means they eat both meat and vegetation.
Sharks are one of evolution's most enduring success stories.
Sharks are one of the biggest threats.
Sharks are one of the few sea creatures that practice internal fertilization and bear live pups.
Sharks are one of the increasingly rare organisms seen on coral reefs.
Sharks are one of the most common species that are known to exist in almost all the Oceanic waters.
Sharks are one of the most feared sea animals.
Sharks are open for catch and release fishing as well.
Sharks are opportunistic when it comes to finding food.
Sharks Are Our Business.
Sharks are part of a family of fishes known as cartilage fishes.
Sharks are part of nature's recycling system.
Sharks are part of that nature.
Sharks are particularly sensitive to sounds of low frequency and have fine directional hearing.
Sharks are picky eaters.
Sharks are powerful.
Sharks are predators of the marine world.
Sharks are predators.
Sharks are predatory animals.
Sharks are pre-historic and swam the oceans during the dinosaur era.
Sharks are present everywhere from the tropical seas to the polar region.
Sharks are present in Hawaiian mythology.
Sharks are primarily marine, but a few species travel far up rivers.
Sharks are rare guests.
Sharks are relatively rare creatures.
Sharks are relatively rare, slow to breed, and take a long time to reach sexual maturity.
Sharks are remarkable at healing after injuries for instance.
Sharks are scarce.
Sharks are sensitive to light and can detect certain objects even in murky water.
Sharks are sexually dimorphic.
Sharks are slow and cumbersome.
Sharks are slow to mature and usually produce only very few young each time they breed.
Sharks are slow to reproduce.
Sharks are some of the most frequently studied cartilaginous fish.
Sharks are some of the oldest and most successful vertebrates on Earth.
Sharks are some of the oldest and most successful vertebrates on the earth.
Sharks are some of the oldest creatures on the planet.
Sharks are still so misunderstood as dangerous sea creatures.
Sharks are strong animals with very powerful jaws, some of which are capable of killing a human.
Sharks are surely one of the most fearsome creatures on Earth.
Sharks are Survivors.
Sharks are tagged and the movements are tracked by satellite.
Sharks are the apex predators of the ocean.
Sharks are the chief natural enemies of dolphins.
Sharks are the greatest fish in the world, and the most invulnerable.
Sharks are the main predators of the Australian sea lion.
Sharks are the most ferocious fish in the sea.
Sharks are the most successful predators in the ocean.
Sharks are the oldest, smartest, and the most beautiful of all fish.
Sharks are the only fish that have cartilage instead of bones.
Sharks are the only fish that have eyelids, termed nictitating membranes .
Sharks are the true stars.
Sharks are the ultimate survivors.
Sharks are their main predators.
Sharks are thus the perfect mythological beasts for our times.
Sharks are top predators and keep levels of other marine life in check.
Sharks are trash fish.
Sharks are unable to see things clearly at a short distance.
Sharks are unique among living creatures in that they almost never get sick.
Sharks are unpredictable.
Sharks are usually very picky about what they eat.
Sharks are vertebrates without a bony skeleton.
Sharks are vertebrates.
Sharks are very good predators because of their excellent eyesight.
Sharks are very misunderstood.
Sharks are very numerous everywhere, especially the gigantic hammerheads and white-tipped sharks.
Sharks are very powerful and beautiful creatures, and they are also very dangerous.
Sharks are very rare visitors among divers.
Sharks are very sensitive to low frequency sounds and have good directional hearing.
Sharks are very sensitive to the smell of blood.
Sharks are very susceptible to over fishing due to their slow reproduction rate.
Sharks are very well aware of their environment and appear to be fairly curious by nature.
Sharks are vicious man-hunters.
Sharks are voracious feeders on fish and other animals.
Sharks are warm blooded.
Sharks are well camoflaged to their surroundings.
Sharks are well known to be highly suceptible to the stresses of capture and containment.
Sharks are wild animals, and deserve the same level of respect given to any other wild animal.
Sharks are wrongdoers.
Sharks attack the enemy, and then devour the flesh of young innocents sacrificed by the cruel city.
Sharks attack the world over.
Sharks barracuda, sea snakes and lots of friendly sea creatures adorn the area.
Sharks belong to a group known as elasmobranchs.
Sharks belong to a group of fishes known as elasmobranchs.
Sharks belong to the cartilage fish subgroup.
Sharks belong to the sea environment and they are on the top of the ecological food chain.
Sharks bite objects.
Sharks breathe under water.
Sharks breathe using gills.
Sharks bring out some of man's greatest primordial fears.
Sharks can actually suffer from cancer.
Sharks can also detect sound with their lateral line system.
Sharks can also feel vibrations in the water made by other fish.
Sharks can also sense electric and magnetic fields.
Sharks can also sense electrical currents in the water indicating the presence of other fish.
Sharks can be difficult to study in their native environment.
Sharks can be highly social, remaining in large schools.
Sharks can be six inches long and fully mature.
Sharks can be six inches long and yet fully matured.
Sharks can be six inches long yet fully matured.
Sharks can detect as little as one part per million of blood in the water from a mile away.
Sharks can detect blood and body fluids in very small concentrations.
Sharks can detect incredibly small electrical fields.
Sharks can detect tiny amounts of blood.
Sharks can follow just a few molecules of scent to it's source from miles away.
Sharks can have from five to seven gills.
Sharks can look like regular fish to the untrained eye.
Sharks can monitor vibrations in the water with a lateral-line system.
Sharks can mutate too.
Sharks can pump water over their gills by opening and closing their mouths.
Sharks can rapidly adapt to new environments when looking for food.
Sharks can secrete any extra salts through the rectal gland.
Sharks can see color, as indicated by the presence of cone cells in their retinas.
Sharks can see well and they are very sensitive to movement.
Sharks can sense blood in the water as little as one part per million from a mile away.
Sharks can sense electrical impulses produced by animals.
Sharks can sense electrical impulses produced by muscle movement in prey animals.
Sharks can shed many thousands of teeth throughout their lifetime.
Sharks can smell blood from a mile away.
Sharks can smell blood from half a mile away.
Sharks can smell blood from over a mile away.
Sharks can Socialize.
Sharks can travel with great bursts of speed when excited.
Sharks catch fish.
Sharks catch prey.
Sharks chase fish.
Sharks chase prey.
Sharks close eyes.
Sharks close mouths.
Sharks close their eyes when they bite something.
Sharks come by the shore because most of their food is in that area.
Sharks come from sea.
Sharks come in a range of sizes.
Sharks come in all sizes, shapes, and colors.
Sharks come in all sizes.
Sharks come in different colors and shapes.
Sharks come in many sizes.
Sharks conjure images of horror in many people's minds.
Sharks conserve trimethylamine oxide and urea in blood.
Sharks consider humans too bony and lean to make a good meal.
Sharks continually loose their teeth.
Sharks continually replace lost teeth.
Sharks continually shed teeth as they grow.
Sharks desire eats.
Sharks develop lungs.
Sharks differ from most other fish in several ways.
Sharks differ from most other kinds of fish in a number of ways.
Sharks do attack humans from time to time, but the risk of attack is actually very slight.
Sharks do get cancer even in their cartilage.
Sharks do get cancer, even cancer of their cartilage.
Sharks do get cancer.
Sharks do get sick, but their incidence of disease is much lower than among the other fishes.
Sharks do have some bones, but it is limited to their spinal column.
Sharks do have to deal with a slight influx of salt, which is excreted by a rectal gland.
Sharks do in fact get cancer.
Sharks dominate water.
Sharks eat animals.
Sharks eat blood.
Sharks eat bony fish.
Sharks eat chums.
Sharks eat continuously.
Sharks eat crabs.
Sharks eat each other.
Sharks eat everything.
Sharks eat far less than most people imagine.
Sharks eat fish.
Sharks eat flesh.
Sharks eat food.
Sharks eat lots of things, but fish and squid are in the diet of some species also.
Sharks eat periodically depending upon their metabolism and the availability of food.
Sharks eat prey.
Sharks eat sick, injured or weak fish because they're easier to catch.
Sharks eat squids.
Sharks eat swimmers but ignore boats.
Sharks eat tuna that eat mackerel that eat herring that eat copepods that eat diatoms.
Sharks eat tuna, plankton, sardines, herring, small fish, and other sharks.
Sharks eat tuna.
Sharks eat victims.
Sharks embody the spirits of long-dead but still fractious relatives.
Sharks encounter divers.
Sharks enjoy a pregame skate.
Sharks even possess a crude form of color vision.
Sharks exhibit a great diversity in reproductive modes.
Sharks exhibit all of the different kinds of reproduction.
Sharks exhibit movement.
Sharks exist in a wide range of sizes, shapes, colors, behaviors and abilities .
Sharks expend a great deal of energy parenting.
Sharks face intense environmental pressure, and several species are now endangered.
Sharks feed in bays.
Sharks feed in oceans.
Sharks feed in water.
Sharks feed on animals.
Sharks feed on bony fish.
Sharks feed on creatures.
Sharks feed on fish.
Sharks feed on marine animals.
Sharks feed on prey.
Sharks feed on small creatures.
Sharks feed on squids.
Sharks feed on stingrays, barbed tail notwithstanding.
Sharks feed primarily on fishes, crabs, mollusks, seabirds and seals, etc.
Sharks fetch high prices in Asia, where shark fin soup is a delicacy.
Sharks figure prominently in Hawaiian mythology .
Sharks find in gulfs.
Sharks Find out more about how sharks move, sleep, eat, and defend themselves.
Sharks float in water.
Sharks generally attack in inshore waters, near deep channels or where rivers empty into the sea.
Sharks generally have a small brain in comparison to their body weight.
Sharks get oxygen from the water through gills, as do other fish.
Sharks get star billing.
Sharks get the worst press.
Sharks give birth to offspring.
Sharks glide silently through the shadows.
Sharks go for blood, after all.
Sharks go more by smell than sight.
Sharks go out to sea at the approach of a wave of cold weather.
Sharks go to the shore so they can see food they eat.
Sharks grow brains.
Sharks grow cells.
Sharks grow organs.
Sharks grow relatively slowly and have low reproductive rates.
Sharks grow stomachs.
Sharks grow tails.
Sharks grow teeth.
Sharks grow to size.
Sharks has-part backs.
Sharks has-part bellies.
Sharks has-part bones.
Sharks has-part extremities.
Sharks has-part eyes.
Sharks has-part fins.
Sharks has-part flesh.
Sharks has-part gills.
Sharks has-part glands.
Sharks has-part jaws.
Sharks has-part lids.
Sharks has-part mouths.
Sharks has-part muscles.
Sharks has-part skin.
Sharks has-part stomachs.
Sharks has-part teeth.
Sharks has-part tissue.
Sharks hate anything breaded Always jet ski with a buddy.
Sharks hate anything breaded.
Sharks hate to peel their food.
Sharks have (part) brains.
Sharks have (part) breasts.
Sharks have (part) cell membranes.
Sharks have (part) chest cavities.
Sharks have (part) chests.
Sharks have (part) corpi.
Sharks have (part) cytoplasm.
Sharks have (part) ears.
Sharks have (part) faces.
Sharks have (part) fish scales.
Sharks have (part) fishbones.
Sharks have (part) flippers.
Sharks have (part) heads.
Sharks have (part) nuclei.
Sharks have (part) pedal extremities.
Sharks have (part) plasma membranes.
Sharks have (part) rib cages.
Sharks have (part) sections.
Sharks have (part) skulls.
Sharks have (part) sperm.
Sharks have (part) sterna.
Sharks have (part) tail fins.
Sharks have (part) vacuoles.
Sharks have (part) vertebrate feet.
Sharks have (part) yolks.
Sharks have a bad reputation as being dangerous, fearless and unpredictable.
Sharks have a blood salinity closer to freshwater than do salmon.
Sharks have a boneless skeleton made of cartilage that is a tough elastic substance.
Sharks have a boneless skeleton made up of cartilage and a rounded body shaped like a torpedo.
Sharks have a cartilage skeleton.
Sharks have a continual growth of teeth so if one breaks it is immediately replaced.
Sharks have a good sense of smell.
Sharks have a habit of eating people.
Sharks have a highly developed sense of smell.
Sharks have a lot to fear from humans.
Sharks have a lousy sense of smell.
Sharks have a number of fleshy gill slits instead of a bony gill cover.
Sharks have a remarkable sense of smell, to detect even minute amounts of blood in the water.
Sharks have a resistance to cancer.
Sharks have a set of teeth that stand up like our teeth do.
Sharks have a skeleton made up of a tough, elastic substance called cartilage.
Sharks have a slighter higher osmolarity than that of the sea water because they retain urea.
Sharks have a special kind of scales called denticle.
Sharks have a tendency to work together as a team.
Sharks have a tongue referred to as a basihyal.
Sharks have a total of six senses, five of which are involved in locating food.
Sharks have a unique and effective immune system.
Sharks have a unique eye with a mirror behind the retina.
Sharks have a very keen sense of smell for blood.
Sharks have a very streamlined shape.
Sharks have a very unique jaw structure, which makes their mouths especially effective weapons.
Sharks have amazing Adaptation capabilities.
Sharks have an electrical sense system for detecting prey.
Sharks have an endoskeleton of cartilage alone and have no bones though they are vertebrates.
Sharks have an excellent sense of smell and is how they are attracted to their prey.
Sharks have an inner ear that is used to pick up acceleration and gravity in addition to sound.
Sharks have at least five rows of teeth.
Sharks have been know to overcharge tourists for fast food and drinks.
Sharks have blood.
Sharks have bones like other fishes.
Sharks have broad heads and oversized mouths evolved for eating.
Sharks have cartilage and have less bones.
Sharks have cartilages.
Sharks have choices.
Sharks have color vision.
Sharks have crush teeth.
Sharks have density.
Sharks have denticles instead of scales.
Sharks have diets.
Sharks have different-shaped teeth, depending on what they eat.
Sharks have dorsal fins.
Sharks have electric sensory perception, from small sense organs in the pores of their nose.
Sharks have excellent eyesight and can see objects moving even in dim light.
Sharks have extremely well-developed sensory capabilities .
Sharks have eyes.
Sharks have eyesights.
Sharks have feet and climbing equipment.
Sharks have fertilization.
Sharks have fewer young at a time than most fish do.
Sharks have fins.
Sharks have five different kinds of fins.
Sharks have five different types of fins.
Sharks have five gill slits on each side of the head.
Sharks have five to seven gill slits.
Sharks have genus.
Sharks have gill slits rather than pores, and gill septa that help support gill filaments.
Sharks have gills on each side of their heads.
Sharks have good eyesight for being in the water, so they can see well during the day or the night.
Sharks have good senses.
Sharks have great sense of hearing.
Sharks have heads.
Sharks have health.
Sharks have hearts.
Sharks have heterocercal tail in which the vertebral column extends up and into dorsal lobe of tail.
Sharks have highly developed sensors that can perceive even very weak electrical signals.
Sharks have highly sensitive eyes that can see extremely well in dim light.
Sharks have instinct.
Sharks have internal fertilization, and most give birth to live young.
Sharks have internal fertilization.
Sharks have keen olfactory sense organs in the short duct between the front and back nasal openings.
Sharks have layers.
Sharks have little commercial values.
Sharks have livers.
Sharks have lots of rows of teeth.
Sharks have lots of teeth - rows and rows.
Sharks have low blood pressure.
Sharks have lunate caudal fins.
Sharks have many gills slits on their necks .
Sharks have many gills slits on their necks.
Sharks have many other interesting characteristics.
Sharks have many rows of teeth, and if one is lost, another is available to replace it.
Sharks have many uses to humans.
Sharks have mechanisms.
Sharks have more to fear from man than vice verse.
Sharks have multiple rows of teeth that are continually shed.
Sharks have no bones and are composed of cartilage.
Sharks have no bones.
Sharks have no chest, and therefore they can be easily crashed on ground by their own weight.
Sharks have no overlapping scales covering their bodies like other fish.
Sharks have nostrils.
Sharks have numerous rows of teeth attached at their bases by connective tissue.
Sharks have one of the keenest senses of smell of any animal.
Sharks have only a single type of heavy chain constant region, whereas humans have eight.
Sharks have organs.
Sharks have peanut-sized brains and are incapable of learning.
Sharks have plenty.
Sharks have poor eyesight, but are good at sensing vibrations in the water.
Sharks have poor vision.
Sharks have powerful immune systems and can resist many diseases, including cancer.
Sharks have projection surfaces.
Sharks have receptors.
Sharks have relatively large brains, and can be compared to relatively advanced animals.
Sharks have scales.
Sharks have second dorsal fins.
Sharks have senses.
Sharks have sensory organs on their noses that detect movement.
Sharks have several means of sensing prey.
Sharks have several rows of teeth.
Sharks have shape teeth.
Sharks have shapes.
Sharks have sharp, triangle-shaped teeth.
Sharks have sides.
Sharks have similar mechanisms.
Sharks have skeletons composed of cartilage rather than of bone.
Sharks have skin covered in millions of tiny teeth-like scales that point to the tail .
Sharks have skin covered in millions of tiny teeth-like scales that point to the tail.
Sharks have skin.
Sharks have slits.
Sharks have snouts.
Sharks have soft cartilages.
Sharks have spines.
Sharks have super senses that can detect any prey from miles away.
Sharks have surfaces.
Sharks have tail fins.
Sharks have tails.
Sharks have taper tails.
Sharks have teeth for tearing meat, and breathe in water.
Sharks have teeth.
Sharks have tendencies.
Sharks have the cartiliginous skeleton while the everyday guppie has bones.
Sharks have the greatest sensitivity of any known marine animal to electric fields.
Sharks have the reputation of attacking human beings.
Sharks have the reputation of the most fearsome creatures in the sea.
Sharks have the same five senses as people.
Sharks have thick heads.
Sharks have tough skin covered with rough modified scales, called dermal denticles.
Sharks have unique shapes.
Sharks have values.
Sharks have variation.
Sharks have vertical fins.
Sharks have vertical tail fins.
Sharks have very sharp teeth and a good sense of smell and are very fast swimmers.
Sharks have warm blood.
Sharks have water.
Sharks have what is known as a lateral line system .
Sharks have what is known as a lateral line.
Sharks have what some call a sixth sense .
Sharks have what some call a sixth sense.
Sharks have years.
Sharks help balance out the ecology in oceans.
Sharks hide in reefs.
Sharks hunt fish.
Sharks hunt predators.
Sharks hunt prey.
Sharks include extinct sharks.
Sharks include great white sharks.
Sharks include horn sharks.
Sharks include sharks.
Sharks include white sharks.
Sharks include zebra sharks.
Sharks increase in backcountry and offshore.
Sharks inhabit all the coastal waters and estuarine habitats of Australia's coast.
Sharks inhabit coastal water.
Sharks inhabit oceans.
Sharks inhabit shallow water.
Sharks inhabit water.
Sharks inspire awe even when observed through aquarium glass.
Sharks intercept the scent and work their way to the boat.
Sharks keep getting new teeth all their lives.
Sharks keep growing their teeth throughout their lives.
Sharks keep replacing their teeth all their lives.
Sharks keep the ocean clean by eating dead or wounded fish.
Sharks kill prey.
Sharks kill three swimmers in less than a year.
Sharks lack a swim bladder, so when they stop swimming they start to sink.
Sharks lack airbladders that give bony fish buoyancy.
Sharks lack the air bladder of bony fish to maintain buoyancy.
Sharks lack true bone but instead have cartilaginous skeletons that are much lighter.
Sharks leap up out of placid waters.
Sharks like flesh.
Sharks like to follow the edge.
Sharks like to hunt alone.
Sharks live all over the world, from warm, tropical lagoons to polar seas.
Sharks live all over, from the cold polar waters to the warm tropical seas.
Sharks live in coasts.
Sharks live in cold water.
Sharks live in environments.
Sharks live in habitats.
Sharks live in oceans.
Sharks live in oceans.
Sharks live in sea.
Sharks live in seawater.
Sharks live in shallow sea.
Sharks live in shallow water.
Sharks live in the sea although a few live in inland waters.
Sharks live in the sea and estuaries in Queensland but shark attacks are rare.
Sharks live in water.
Sharks live on reefs.
Sharks live only in warm water.
Sharks locate their prey by the low-frequency sounds emitted during swimming and other activities.
Sharks look around to see if there are any fish around.
Sharks lose teeth continuously throughout their lives.
Sharks love blood.
Sharks love water.
Sharks maintain a high level of urea in their blood and eyes.
Sharks maintain an internal environment which is hypertonic to seawater.
Sharks maintain neutral buoyancy by swimming constantly so that water can pump across their gills.
Sharks mature at a slow rate, leaving less time for it's species to reproduce.
Sharks mature late in life, grow slowly, and produce few offspring.
Sharks migrate to gulfs.
Sharks migrate to water.
Sharks mistake a human's splash for sea life, but quickly leave after realizing otherwise.
Sharks move eyes.
Sharks move heads.
Sharks navigate mainly by electro-reception and a sensitivity to pressure and water temperature.
Sharks never attack without reason.
Sharks never fail to put up a strong fight and always deliver in the excitement department.
Sharks never stop growing new teeth.
Sharks normally avoid humans.
Sharks nudge very early in the sale, even before they know if a customer likes an item.
Sharks occur in sea.
Sharks occur in temperate sea.
Sharks occur in warm sea.
Sharks occur in warm temperate sea.
Sharks occur on many of Australia's beaches.
Sharks only pick off the stragglers.
Sharks open mouths.
Sharks pass through all the previous stages to the eel or single nostril stage in their development.
Sharks patrol the waters above and around the reef.
Sharks perform an important role in the ecosystem, at the top of the oceanic food chain.
Sharks play a key role as top predators.
Sharks play in oceans.
Sharks play in sea.
Sharks pose threats.
Sharks possess a heterocercal caudal fin.
Sharks possess a superior immune system.
Sharks possess blood.
Sharks possess bodies.
Sharks possess bones.
Sharks possess cells.
Sharks possess membranes.
Sharks practice internal fertilization .
Sharks prefer fish.
Sharks prefer human blood.
Sharks prefer ocean saltwaters.
Sharks prefer saltwaters.
Sharks prefer temperate water.
Sharks prefer to attack lone victims.
Sharks prefer warm saltwaters.
Sharks prefer warm water.
Sharks prefer water.
Sharks prey most often on the weak members of a population.
Sharks prey on loggerhead turtles throughout their lives.
Sharks produce slowly and produce few young.
Sharks propagate by two's and four's, dozens at most.
Sharks propel themselves using their tail fins.
Sharks provide another cue from nature.
Sharks prowl the ocean depths and swim near sunny, sandy beaches.
Sharks recover rapidly from severe injuries.
Sharks reproduce at a very slow rate.
Sharks reproduce internally.
Sharks reproduce sexually and eggs are fertilized internally.
Sharks reproduce sexually with internal fertilization.
Sharks reproduce through internal fertilization and many shark species give birth to live young.
Sharks require a wire leader because of their sharp teeth.
Sharks require food.
Sharks rest up here during the day.
Sharks roam oceans.
Sharks roam sea.
Sharks See commercial regulations for complete list of sharks under management.
Sharks see contrast very well.
Sharks see contrasting colors really good.
Sharks seek fish.
Sharks seek food.
Sharks seek meals.
Sharks seek prey.
Sharks seem to have a natural immunity to cancer.
Sharks seize fish.
Sharks serve as an important part of the underwater community.
Sharks share the top ocean predator spot with large squid, seals, dolphins and toothed whales.
Sharks share water.
Sharks shed their teeth a lot, and that's why there are so many fossil teeth around.
Sharks shed their teeth throughout their lives, so fossil shark teeth are common in some places.
Sharks shed their teeth.
Sharks simply retain the fertilized eggs in the mother s body until they hatch.
Sharks sink when they stop swimming.
Sharks spend much of their time slowly cruising, keeping an eye out for a good meal.
Sharks start schooling in Skeleton Bay.
Sharks still generate a lot of excitement on the race course as one designs.
Sharks still live in the gulf water.
Sharks stop growing when they reach puberty.
Sharks sun themselves on the beach, and dinosaurs stop to chat.
Sharks survive in fresh water.
Sharks survive in water.
Sharks swallow animals.
Sharks swallow fish.
Sharks swallow prey.
Sharks swallow their food whole or in big chunks.
Sharks swim in front of a boat, scaring two kids.
Sharks swim in oceans.
Sharks swim in sea.
Sharks swim in water.
Sharks swim right up to the cage, often nibbling on the buoys and float compartments.
Sharks swim very fast and breath using gills.
Sharks take a long time to mature.
Sharks tend to attack individuals.
Sharks tend to avoid the electric fields created by outboard motors.
Sharks tend to be seen quite often in cartoons whenever a scene involves the ocean.
Sharks tend to have active and inactive periods rather than sleep.
Sharks tend to prefer the shallower continental shelf areas.
Sharks tend to sink because they lack the buoyant swim blad- der of most bony fishes.
Sharks There are many great activities here for teaching about sharks.
Sharks use countershading.
Sharks use electromagnetic impulses given off from fish thrashing in the water to find their prey.
Sharks use their tail to move through the water.
Sharks use three different methods of reproduction.
Sharks use three primary methods to find their prey.
Sharks vary greatly in size and habit.
Sharks vary greatly in size and habitat.
Sharks vary greatly in size and habits.
Sharks veer in and out of the sandstorm, their eyes ablaze.
Sharks visit coasts.
Sharks visit sharks.
Sharks wait for fish.
Sharks wait for prey.
Sharks walk in the street.
Sharks wander randomly through the ocean.
Sharks wear some type of identifying equipment.
Sharks yield more marketable products than any other single group of fishes.
Sharks often employ complex hunting strategies to engage large prey animals.
Sharks often swim by the spot to feed on the abundant reef fish population.
Sharks sometimes attack people, and sometimes it ends in death.
Sharks sometimes misinterpret the movement of swimmers for that of a fish.
Sharks usually feed at night.
All sharks are carnivores, they hunt for different animals.
All sharks are carnivores, which means that they feed on other animals as opposed to vegetation.
All sharks are carnivores.
All sharks are carnivorous, but their food varies from large ocean creatures to tiny plankton.
All sharks are carnivorous.
All sharks are dangerous to people.
All sharks are fishes.
All sharks are large.
All sharks are predators, and usually exist at, or close to, the apex of their food chains.
All sharks are predators.
All sharks eat fish.
All sharks go to great lengths to protect their developing young before birth.
All sharks have an asymmetric tail fin, with the upper lobe being larger than the lower one.
All sharks have extremely powerful jaws to complement their teeth.
All sharks have internal fertilization.
All sharks have to swim constantly.
All sharks reproduce by internal fertilization.
All sharks swam close to the sides of the tank when the signal generator was off.
All sharks swim by moving their vertically oriented tail fin from side to side.
Many sharks actively chase their food.
Many sharks are efficient and specialized hunters that have thrived for millions of years.
Many sharks are gentle and eat only plankton.
Many sharks are like humans and give birth to only one or two babies at a time.
Many sharks are more active at night, so avoid night swims.
Many sharks are nocturnal , meaning that they are most active at night.
Many sharks are small, and eat fish, shellfish, and clams.
Many sharks are warm blooded.
Many sharks can contract and dilate their pupils , like humans, something no teleost fish can do.
Many sharks eat pinnipeds, including the great white shark.
Many sharks have a ventral mouth well suited to predatory lifestyle.
Many sharks have interesting migration patterns which have been discovered through tagging.
Many sharks have spines on their dorsal fins.
Many sharks live in the deep scattering layer . . .
Many sharks live or hunt in reefs.
Many sharks migrate up rivers.
Many sharks migrate yearly from cold feeding waters to warm breeding waters.
Many sharks prey most often on the weak, inferior members of the population.
Many sharks remain on the bottom in a quiescent state.
Many sharks reproduce once a year, but there are some that can only do so every other year.
Many sharks start life as eggs, from which baby sharks emerge after several months.
More sharks arrive at midnight.
Most sharks adapt to habitats.
Most sharks appear in environments.
Most sharks appear in habitats.
Most sharks appear in oceans.
Most sharks appear in sea.
Most sharks appear in water.
Most sharks are active predators, some of the large varieities are actually plankton eaters.
Most sharks are afraid of people.
Most sharks are carnivorous .
Most sharks are carnivorous, though, and can swallow their prey whole.
Most sharks are cold-blooded.
Most sharks are dark with pale bellies.
Most sharks are ectothermic.
Most sharks are efficient swimmers.
Most sharks are especially active in the evening and night when they hunt.
Most sharks are evolved from sharks.
Most sharks are extreemly tasty if bled immediatly, eviserated and put on ice.
Most sharks are gray and have a leathery skin.
Most sharks are harmful to people.
Most sharks are inside oceans.
Most sharks are known as sharks.
Most sharks are large.
Most sharks are located in reefs.
Most sharks are located in water.
Most sharks are long-lived, grow slowly, mature late and produce few offspring.
Most sharks are man-eaters.
Most sharks are meat eaters and so they feed on other fish and even other sharks.
Most sharks are meat eaters.
Most sharks are meat-eaters, but the basking shark and the whale shark eat plankton.
Most sharks are nocturnal.
Most sharks are ovoviviparous, hatching the eggs within the female and bearing live young.
Most sharks are predatory, but only a small number are known to attack humans unprovoked.
Most sharks are six to seven feet long.
Most sharks are slow-growing and slow to reproduce.
Most sharks are smaller and eat small fish and crabs.
Most sharks are solitary animals, though a few, such as the spiny dogfish shark, form schools.
Most sharks are very social.
Most sharks bear live young, although some species lay eggs with protective horny shells.
Most sharks can detect blood and animal odors from many miles away.
Most sharks come from sea.
Most sharks develop lungs.
Most sharks do.
Most sharks eat animals.
Most sharks eat blood.
Most sharks eat bony fish.
Most sharks eat chums.
Most sharks eat crabs.
Most sharks eat fish, squid, marine mammals, and scavenge any other available food source.
Most sharks eat fish.
Most sharks eat flesh.
Most sharks eat food.
Most sharks eat prey.
Most sharks eat squids.
Most sharks eat their prey whole, or tear off large chunks of flesh at a time.
Most sharks eat their prey whole, or they tear off large chunks of flesh.
Most sharks eat their prey whole, or they tear off large chunks of the bodies.
Most sharks eat tuna.
Most sharks eat victims.
Most sharks feed in bays.
Most sharks feed in oceans.
Most sharks feed in water.
Most sharks feed on animals.
Most sharks feed on bony fish.
Most sharks feed on creatures.
Most sharks feed on fish.
Most sharks feed on marine animals.
Most sharks feed on prey.
Most sharks feed on small creatures.
Most sharks feed on squids.
Most sharks find in gulfs.
Most sharks float in water.
Most sharks found on the reef are fish eaters and therefore pose no threat to visitors.
Most sharks give birth in warm water during the late spring and early summer.
Most sharks give birth to live young, but some release eggs that hatch later.
Most sharks give birth to offspring.
Most sharks give live birth.
Most sharks grow brains.
Most sharks grow cells.
Most sharks grow organs.
Most sharks grow stomachs.
Most sharks grow tails.
Most sharks grow teeth.
Most sharks grow to size.
Most sharks has-part backs.
Most sharks has-part bones.
Most sharks has-part extremities.
Most sharks has-part eyes.
Most sharks has-part fins.
Most sharks has-part flesh.
Most sharks has-part gills.
Most sharks has-part glands.
Most sharks has-part jaws.
Most sharks has-part lids.
Most sharks has-part mouths.
Most sharks has-part muscles.
Most sharks has-part skin.
Most sharks has-part stomachs.
Most sharks has-part teeth.
Most sharks has-part tissue.
Most sharks have a rounded body shaped like a torpedo.
Most sharks have a rounded tough-skinned, streamlined shaped body, somewhat like a torpedo.
Most sharks have a well-developed sense of vision.
Most sharks have blood.
Most sharks have cartilages.
Most sharks have choices.
Most sharks have density.
Most sharks have diets.
Most sharks have eyes.
Most sharks have eyesights.
Most sharks have fertilization.
Most sharks have few young and take a long time to mature.
Most sharks have fins.
Most sharks have five different kinds of fins, which lift, stabilze and propel the shark.
Most sharks have five different types of fins, while some sharks only have four.
Most sharks have five pairs of gill slits, but some have six or seven pairs.
Most sharks have genus.
Most sharks have good senses.
Most sharks have good vision even though most are nocturnal feeders.
Most sharks have heads.
Most sharks have health.
Most sharks have hearts.
Most sharks have internal fertilization.
Most sharks have layers.
Most sharks have little commercial values.
Most sharks have livers.
Most sharks have mechanisms.
Most sharks have mouths located on the underside of their snout.
Most sharks have organs.
Most sharks have plenty.
Most sharks have projection surfaces.
Most sharks have receptors.
Most sharks have second dorsal fins.
Most sharks have senses.
Most sharks have shape teeth.
Most sharks have shapes.
Most sharks have sharp teeth that are used to catch their food.
Most sharks have sides.
Most sharks have similar mechanisms.
Most sharks have skin.
Most sharks have snouts.
Most sharks have soft cartilages.
Most sharks have specific mating areas.
Most sharks have spines.
Most sharks have surfaces.
Most sharks have tail fins.
Most sharks have tails.
Most sharks have taper tails.
Most sharks have teeth that differ in the upper and lower jaws.
Most sharks have teeth.
Most sharks have tendencies.
Most sharks have their mouths on the underside of the head.
Most sharks have thick heads.
Most sharks have unique shapes.
Most sharks have values.
Most sharks have variation.
Most sharks have vertical fins.
Most sharks have vertical tail fins.
Most sharks have warm blood.
Most sharks have water.
Most sharks have years.
Most sharks hide in reefs.
Most sharks inhabit coastal water.
Most sharks inhabit oceans.
Most sharks inhabit shallow water.
Most sharks kill prey.
Most sharks live in coasts.
Most sharks live in cold water.
Most sharks live in environments.
Most sharks live in habitats.
Most sharks live in oceans.
Most sharks live in sea.
Most sharks live in shallow sea.
Most sharks live in shallow water.
Most sharks live in the tropics.
Most sharks live in tropical and temperate inshore waters.
Most sharks live in warm water.
Most sharks live in water.
Most sharks live on reefs.
Most sharks live only in the marine environment in full-strength saltwater.
Most sharks love blood.
Most sharks migrate to gulfs.
Most sharks migrate to water.
Most sharks move eyes.
Most sharks move heads.
Most sharks never encounter a human being.
Most sharks occur in sea.
Most sharks occur in temperate sea.
Most sharks occur in warm sea.
Most sharks occur in warm temperate sea.
Most sharks play in oceans.
Most sharks play in sea.
Most sharks pose threats.
Most sharks possess blood.
Most sharks possess bodies.
Most sharks possess bones.
Most sharks prefer ocean saltwaters.
Most sharks prefer saltwaters.
Most sharks prefer temperate water.
Most sharks prefer to eat certain types of invertebrates, fish and other animals.
Most sharks prefer warm saltwaters.
Most sharks prefer warm water.
Most sharks require food.
Most sharks seek fish.
Most sharks seek food.
Most sharks seek meals.
Most sharks seek prey.
Most sharks seize fish.
Most sharks survive in fresh water.
Most sharks survive in water.
Most sharks swallow their food whole or bite it into relatively large pieces.
Most sharks swallow their food whole, without chewing.
Most sharks swim by thrusting their tail fins from side to side.
Most sharks swim constantly but leisurely, propelled by the sculling motion of the body and tail.
Most sharks swim continuously.
Most sharks swim in oceans.
Most sharks swim in sea.
Most sharks swim in water.
Most sharks take years to reach sexual maturity and raise few pups in a lifetime.
Most sharks use aggression primarily in their quest for prey.
Most sharks wait for fish.
Most sharks wait for prey.
Some sharks are endothermic however.
Some sharks are even plankton-eaters.
Some sharks are filter feeders.
Some sharks are inside aquaria.
Some sharks are inside bays.
Some sharks are located in coasts.
Some sharks are member of families.
Some sharks are only as big as a human hand.
Some sharks are oviparous , laying their eggs in the water .
Some sharks are oviparous, laying their eggs in the water.
Some sharks are oviparous.
Some sharks are ovoviviparous.
Some sharks are predatory.
Some sharks are pregnant for two to three years before giving birth.
Some sharks are so rare they lack any common name, having only a scientific name.
Some sharks are so well equipped for eating that they're all teeth.
Some sharks are viviparous.
Some sharks avoid predators.
Some sharks belong to families.
Some sharks bite hands.
Some sharks can gulp air into their stomach which can provide some buoyancy.
Some sharks can live for a year without eating, surviving on the oil stored in their livers.
Some sharks can live for a year without eating.
Some sharks can live in oceans, rivers and lakes.
Some sharks can live one year without eating.
Some sharks can replace their front teeth every two weeks.
Some sharks can swim very fast.
Some sharks can use so-called apparent death.
Some sharks cross tracks.
Some sharks crush their prey.
Some sharks deposit a fertilized egg sac on the ocean floor.
Some sharks develop antibodies.
Some sharks disappear from feeds for periods of around three months.
Some sharks do the same thing.
Some sharks eat adult sea turtles.
Some sharks eat anything.
Some sharks eat dolphins.
Some sharks eat hatchlings.
Some sharks eat mainly fish.
Some sharks eat mammals.
Some sharks eat marine mammals.
Some sharks eat octopi.
Some sharks eat plankton.
Some sharks eat salmon.
Some sharks eat sea turtles.
Some sharks eat sharks.
Some sharks eat shellfishes.
Some sharks eat stingrays.
Some sharks eat tiny plankton.
Some sharks eat turtles.
Some sharks eat urchins.
Some sharks even eat swordfish.
Some sharks even follow the boats out to the sea.
Some sharks even launch their heads out of the water and can be touched.
Some sharks even prey on their own kind.
Some sharks feed on plankton.
Some sharks feed on sea turtles.
Some sharks feed on turtles.
Some sharks feed on whales.
Some sharks gape back, while others turn and run.
Some sharks give birth to animals.
Some sharks give birth to predators.
Some sharks give birth to sharks.
Some sharks go into tonic immobility when they are turned upsidedown .
Some sharks go into tonic immobility when they are turned upsidedown.
Some sharks go to bays.
Some sharks grasp the female pectoral fins, or bite and hold onto the body.
Some sharks grow bones.
Some sharks grow eyes.
Some sharks grow glands.
Some sharks grow to be only a foot long.
Some sharks has-part snouts.
Some sharks hatch eggs inside their bodies then give birth to live young.
Some sharks have ability.
Some sharks have advantage.
Some sharks have bamboo sharks.
Some sharks have concentration.
Some sharks have cones.
Some sharks have few natural predators.
Some sharks have five rows of teeth.
Some sharks have flat bodies so they can hide in the ocean floor.
Some sharks have greenish tints.
Some sharks have jaws.
Some sharks have large jaws.
Some sharks have live babies.
Some sharks have lobes.
Some sharks have lower lobes.
Some sharks have molarlike grinding teeth.
Some sharks have natural predators.
Some sharks have ovaries.
Some sharks have placentas.
Some sharks have places.
Some sharks have predators.
Some sharks have pups.
Some sharks have sensitivity.
Some sharks have sensors.
Some sharks have shark pups.
Some sharks have sharks.
Some sharks have single ovaries.
Some sharks have small openings called spiracles behind the eyes at the top of the head.
Some sharks have spiracles, which are special gill slits located just behind the eyes.
Some sharks have stingrays.
Some sharks have testes.
Some sharks have tints.
Some sharks have to always swim to maintain buoyancy.
Some sharks have trouble.
Some sharks have types.
Some sharks have upper lobes.
Some sharks have whorls.
Some sharks inhabit coastal regions.
Some sharks inhabit regions.
Some sharks kill people.
Some sharks kill pups.
Some sharks kill surfers.
Some sharks kill turtles.
Some sharks live at the bottom of deep underwater canyons.
Some sharks live in gulfs.
Some sharks live in reefs.
Some sharks live in regions.
Some sharks maintain body temperature.
Some sharks maintain temperature.
Some sharks migrate over great distances to feed and breed.
Some sharks now reside in fake habitats along with other types of aquatic live.
Some sharks only eat each other.
Some sharks only eat fish, others only eat crabs, still others only seals.
Some sharks possess antibodies.
Some sharks possess layers.
Some sharks possess something.
Some sharks possess water.
Some sharks prey on bottlenose dolphins.
Some sharks prey on dolphins.
Some sharks prey on great hammerheads.
Some sharks prey on hammerheads.
Some sharks prey on juvenile hammerheads.
Some sharks produce a shell that is tough and can protect the young.
Some sharks provide nutrients.
Some sharks range in size.
Some sharks reach maturity.
Some sharks reach sexual maturity.
Some sharks require aquaria.
Some sharks shake heads.
Some sharks shed layers.
Some sharks spread microbes.
Some sharks stay in the same region their entire lives while others travel across oceans.
Some sharks survive by making their blood as toxic as the surrounding water.
Some sharks tend to search for food at night.
Some sharks threaten beaches.
Some sharks thrive in environments.
Some sharks use a seawater douche.
Some sharks wrap their eggs around plants.
Sharka symptoms range from minor to severe.
Sharks teeth are in parallel rows and tooth loss and replacement is continuous throughout life.
Sharks teeth come in many shapes according to what kind of food they eat.
Sharksuckers are known to follow divers and attack to divers' legs.
Sharksuckers have no known predators.
Sharp angles add parasitic effects to microstrip traces, resulting in minute impedance mismatches.
Sharp bends are simple to negotiate.
Sharp bill is used for biting and tearing the prey.
Sharp blades are very important.
Sharp blades keep lawns healthy.
Sharp blades mean clean cuts and fewer openings for disease and insect infestations.
Sharp blades minimize stalling and kickback.
Sharp blades produce a clean, uniform cut.
Sharp blades reduce damage to roots during transplanting.
Sharp bones poke through flesh.
Sharp boundaries result from periodic encroachment of fire from surrounding scrubs.
All Sharp camcorders carry a full U.S.A. manufacturer's warranty.
Sharp cameras tend to have just the screen.
Sharp characterization is the heart of the show.
Sharp clacks are warnings as humans approach a nest.
Sharp claws are also powerful weapons.
Sharp claws are important in seizing and holding a prey animal.
Sharp color lasts through winter.
Sharp companies keep an open mind and eye to many relevant sources of new product ideas.
Sharp company profile all products product est.
Sharp corners are absent and boney processes are commonly removed and smoothed away.
Sharp corners are crisp and round corners are softer to the eye.
Sharp corners are difficult to extrude and provide stress risers.
Sharp corners are susceptible to thinning and structural degradation.
Sharp corners can come about in non-obvious places.
Sharp corners make the palm-rest uncomfortable.
Sharp County is famous for canoeing and trout fishing on the beautiful Spring River.
Sharp crust can shred a nylon suit and anything in it.
Sharp curves limit the rider's vision of oncoming traffic, wildlife, and road conditions.
Sharp curves take a little more time than nice, big, round ones.
Sharp custom saddles and accessories.
Sharp cuts occur after long use and can be like a razor blade.
More sharp detail is visible.
Sharp dialogue wastes no time and moves the story along briskly.
Some sharp doglegs make it a good test.
Sharp Ears Have the girls make a circle with one blind-folded person in the center.
Sharp edges abound.
Sharp edges are crucial to effectly coping with ice.
Sharp edges are prevalent.
Sharp edges can cause compression.
Sharp edges can cause dangerous cuts or other abrasions.
Sharp edges can cut into a horse's cheek and be quite painful.
Sharp edges can grab the water, a benefit for playboating, but it does make the boat less forgiving.
Sharp edges can make a sore that can get infected.
Sharp edges cause stress concentration risers, complicating the problem.
Sharp edges create mechanical stress with soft tissue.
Sharp edges increase file size.
Sharp edges make for crisp turns.
Sharp edges tend to come out blurred.
Some sharp edges exist toward the top of the pitch.
Sharp elbows are the norm in bankruptcy court.
Sharp eyes focus closely on what the young women are doing.
Sharp eyes help to spot movement in the grass.
Sharp eyesight enables it to spot any potential danger from far distances.
Sharp eyespot begins as a gray colored lesion on the lower leaf sheath.
Sharp eyespot can kill tillers or entire plants.
Sharp focus is most important.
Sharp focus is needed here to bring out several more stars.
Sharp furniture edges.
Sharp gravel makes a more stable base than round gravel.
Sharp guitars outstretch from the past.
Sharp hallucinations end abruptly in unexplained violence.
Sharp home is squeaky clean and ready for sale.
Sharp hoofs provide traction.
Sharp hooks are critical in all fishing situations.
Sharp hooks are more important than anything else in deep cranking.
Sharp hooks are nothing to be played with.
Sharp hooks make all the difference.
Sharp inclines are also a reason to avoid hotels on Nob Hill.
Sharp ingenuity can be of no avail here.
Sharp jokes fizzle out as the show comes to a close.
Sharp knives are safer because less pressure is required to cut through food.
Sharp knives can cut into a kitchen counter or table.
Sharp knives ensure a clean chop and prevent shredding to decrease chances of effluent.
Sharp knives insure a smooth cut and ultimately a more precise shape and a better finish.
Sharp lines dart across at random angles to create geometric eye candy.
Sharp miniatures look and feel.
Sharp moves tend to take place after the bands have tightened.
Sharp nails protrude from cabinet facades that have fallen off.
Sharp nails retract into warm, human hands.
Sharp needles come in a dizzying array of sizes and shapes.
Sharp nib is needed, however.
Sharp notes result from a shortening of the air column at the mouth.
Sharp objects are extremely challenging for endoscopic removal.
Sharp objects are to be placed in a puncture proof container for disposal.
Sharp objects found in consumer goods is today's radio rage.
Sharp observers can detect it by watching the stern tip of the shell, just behind the coxswain.
Some sharp operators do the next best thing.
Sharp outline is due to high current flow.
Sharp pains come and go suddenly.
Sharp peaks appearing in a systematic order, above the level of noise, indicate a positive hit.
Sharp peaks indicate good crystallinity and compositional homogeneity.
Sharp peaks indicate good crystallinity.
Sharp peaks rise from above the sea of clouds everywhere, as far as the eye can see.
Sharp peaks suggest high degree of crystallinity and compositional heterogeneity.
Sharp people can make that kind of money much more quickly in other professions.
Sharp photocopies are acceptable for the other two manuscript copies.
Sharp photographs provide examples of the easy vocabulary presented.
Sharp physic is the last.
Sharp pictures show off each piece s intricacies and detail.
Sharp point gets screw started quickly - even without a pilot hole in many materials.
Sharp points are also difficult to store for a long time.
Sharp points can cut.
Sharp points dig into the wood as pressure is applied.
Sharp points lacerate cheeks and tongue.
Sharp practice is therefore at a peak.
Sharp products are available at dealers nationwide.
Sharp projectors are small and compact with excellent warranty service.
Sharp pullbacks are common.
Some sharp quills contribute to death.
Sharp rectangles represent impact established.
Sharp reflections indicate good degree of crystallization and suggest chemical homogeneity.
Sharp ridges separate the creeks and offer splendid views of the surrounding region.
Sharp rocks top the sandy hills.
Sharp rods are poorer receptors for lightning than blunt rods.
Sharp runners are more important on hard ice.
Sharp saws produce fewer injuries because they cut better.
Sharp screams is another form of aggression.
Sharp shadows are incompatible with a fire.
Sharp shoppers can find practically new clothes and brand names for a few quarters.
Sharp soldiers deserve better.
Some sharp spikes offer protection.
Sharp spine makes it hard for other fish to swallow.
Sharp spines are present at the leaf nodes and at the base of the flower head, hence the name.
Sharp spines are present on the veins and stems.
Sharp spines cover backs.
Sharp spines cover the back of the hedgehog.
Sharp spines deter livestock, and presumably wildlife, from grazing.
Sharp spines grow along the leaf margins and extend down the branches and stems.
Sharp spines line the mantid's raptorial forelegs, enabling it to grasp the prey tightly as it eats.
Sharp spines line the tips of the three to six inch brown cones.
Most sharp spines cover backs.
Some sharp spines deter animals.
Some sharp spines penetrate human skin.
Some sharp spines penetrate skin.
Sharp temperature changes over a relatively short distance.
Sharp threads reduce the torque and time required to drive the insert in hard material.
Sharp tip allows easy insertion in foods.
Sharp tips prevent cork bits.
Sharp tools are necessary to prevent raised grain.
Sharp tools are safer and more efficient to use.
Sharp teeth are another major adaptation.
Sharp teeth are necessary for killing and tearing meat.
Sharp teeth are used mainly for tearing and chewing the prey.
Sharp teeth help diets.
Sharp teeth make the prey travel only one way.
Sharp teeth protrude out of sides of mouth.
Most sharp teeth help diets.
Some sharp teeth cause injuries.
Some sharp teeth cause serious injuries.
Many sharp traders frequent the forum as well as beginning traders.
Sharp transitions are also under way on the supply side.
Sharp trauma is a cutting injury.
Sharp turns can also result in an overturn, especially if the wagon is loaded.
Every sharp turn is a bend when observed at a fine enough scale.
Sharp vision helps it spot and pursue prey.
Sharp wits can solve the problem with a minimum of calculation.
Sharp words can dull respect.
A sharp is musical notation
Sharps are consolidated and transported by a medical waste hauler to a permitted disposal site.
Sharps are instruments that are intended to cut or penetrate skin.
Sharps are medium length needles and are most commonly used for fine embroidery and hand sewing.
Sharps are musical notation.
Sharps belong in sharps containers only.
Sharps represent the major causes of accidents involving potential exposure to blood borne diseases.
Sharps require special handling, storage, and disposal procedures.
All sharps are in an approved sharps container.
All sharps have the potential to cause injury through cuts or puncture wounds.
Sharpblue fruit is attractive and flavorful and readily accepted in the marketplace.
Sharpe also provides defenses with an earful.
Sharpe calls it a global menu, and the term fits.
Sharpe has no plans to publish traditionally.
Sharpe is a lowly English infantryman in Wellington's army.
Sharpe is a working class hero who makes good.
Sharpe is also the facilities health benefits representative.
Sharpe is evasive.
Sharpe is funny, sharp and always available.
Sharpe is in the rearguard under the command of an incompetent martinet.
Sharpe is on track to finish as the top rebounder in school history.
Sharpe is sent with the ransom money.
Sharpe is the tight end with the loose lips.
Sharpe is under the command of an incompetent boob of an amateur colonel.
Sharpe knows something about winning playoff football.
Sharpe knows what it takes to win a Super Bowl.
Sharpe lay still.
Sharpe leaves two other indelible messages.
Sharpe makes the case against the libertarian argument for legalization.
Sharpe plans to major in landscape horticulture.
Sharpe points out the absurdities in the way our society treats addicts.
Sharpe publishes both original works and translations in Asian and East European studies.
Sharpe ratio A measure of risk-adjusted return.
Sharpe remains the top target in Denver.
Sharpe says the proposal is more economical than trucking the carcasses to incinerators.
Sharpe still faces charges for distributing child pornography.
Sharpe still has that uncanny knack for getting open and making plays.
Sharpe writes about the sheer joy of giving.
A sharpener is an implement
Sharpeners are implements.
Sharpeners come in a range of abrasiveness.
Sharpeners tend to keep memories as distinct.
Some sharpeners are made of porcelain.
Some sharpeners come with two different size tops to use with different size crayons.
Some sharpeners require shields to be removed in order to operate.
Sharper divisions exist on the purpose of the university.
Sharper edges deliver less ink to the substrate and are best for higher-resolution images.
Sharper edges tend to catch and split yarn, while blunter ends glide through stitches more easily.
Sharper focus is an aim that both institutions share.
Sharper hooks penetrate better and catch more fish than dull ones.
Sharper image has great products and variety to fit any budget.
Sharper images take up more memory.
Sharpie markers make it easy to label and index stored boxes.
A sharpie is a worker
Sharpies are companies.
Sharpies are sailboats.
Sharpies are the size of a hen pheasant.
Sharpies pound in a head sea, and they have steering problems in some conditions.
Sharpies often migrate in large numbers.
Sharpness actually kills off other flavors.
Sharpness actually kills other flavors.
Sharpness appears consistently good.
Sharpness consistently seems excellent with virtually no signs of softness at any time.
Sharpness estimates the intrinsic angular size of the measured object outside the atmosphere.
Sharpness generally appears terrific, with a consistently crisp and well-defined picture.
Sharpness has to be the biggest benefit.
Sharpness increases productivity.
Sharpness is a physical property.
Sharpness is also a factor of the focus of all three color elements.
Sharpness is another very critical element in an ultra wide.
Sharpness is at an acceptable level and edge ringing is at a minimum.
Sharpness is at best only pretty good and often is fairly average.
Sharpness is easy to understand.
Sharpness is excellent throughout.
Sharpness is excellent with plenty of detail and little grain.
Sharpness is fantastic with incredible detail.
Sharpness is good to very good at full aperture and stopped down.
Sharpness is higher, and extremely detail is just detectible.
Sharpness is intelligence
Sharpness is one concern.
Sharpness is reasonable at the closer extreme.
Sharpness is shapes.
Sharpness is so-so but does show enough detail.
Sharpness is verified using sharpness comparator.
Sharpness is very good, check.
Sharpness isa property.
Sharpness isa quality.
Sharpness seems absolutely stellar throughout the movie.
Sharpness seems consistently crisp and well-defined.
Sharpness seems fine for the most part, but a fair number of scenes appear slightly soft and dull.
Sharpness seems uniformly crisp and clear, with almost no instances of softness to be found.
Sharpness usually seems crisp and well-defined, though some vague softness can creep in at times.
Sharpnose sharks can form big schools of same sex and size.
Sharps carbines make a rude alarm clock.
Sharps containers are available at the stockrooms and are acceptable dry waste and carcass barrels.
Sharps containers are bright red and can be easily identified by sanitation workers.
Sharps containers are closable, puncture and leak-proof.
Sharps containers are readily available.
Sharps containers are red and come in many different sizes and shapes.
Sharps generators are responsible for proper packaging and labeling of their waste.
Sharps injuries are wounds caused by sharp instruments accidentally puncturing the skin.
Sharps reproductions come from a number of sources, both foreign and domestic.
Sharpshinned hawks appear with more frequency.
A sharpshooter is an athlete
Sharpshooter falls into the category of historical thriller.
Sharpshooters aim for energy packs strapped to their opponents chests.
Sharpshooters are a mix of powder burners and five year old kids.
Sharpshooters are athletes.
Sharpshooters are gregarious and often seen in large numbers together.
Sharpshooters are on the roofs.
Sharpshooters are schooners.
Sharpshooters are strange to say the least.
Sharpshooters can acquire the bacterium after they feed on an infected plant.
Sharpshooters develop through a gradual metamorphosis.
Sharpshooters excrete water droplets when they feed on plants.
Sharpshooters feed by piercing the xylem of plants and sucking the sap.
Sharpshooters feed on a variety of ornamental and crop plants.
Sharpshooters feed specifically on the sap found in host xylem tissue.
Sharpshooters filter out minerals and amino acids from the liquid sucked from plants.
Sharpshooters have to filter out minerals and amino acids from the liquid sucked from plants.
A sharpy is a worker
Sharpies are traditional American craft originally built for rowing and sail.
Sharpies dry out rapidly if left uncapped.
Sharpies have chemicals.
Sharpies work the best.
Some sharpies also use down riggers.
A shasta daisy is a flower
Shasta daisy appears in the sun and white cimicifuga in the shade.
Shasta flavors come in a variety of package sizes in bottles and cans.
Shasta lake is an awsome place to be during the summer.
Shatter cones are structures that crosscut lithologic contacts.
Shaun hart slots a neat goal on the run.
Shave ice is different than snow cones which predominate the mainland.
Shaved heads are in fashion now.
Shaved heads are sexy.
Shaved ice is placed in a tall glass or parfait dish and coconut milk is poured over the ice.
Shaved ice is produced by starting with a crystal clear block of ice.
Shaved legs are easier to bandage and dress.
Shaved pussy is great to have oral sex with or lick a young girls shaved pussy.
Shaven skin is silky soft, completely and utterly naked, and very vulnerable.
Shaver Lake is a heavily used reservoir for power boating.
Shaver sockets are available to international standard.
A shaver is a razor
Shaver isa razor.
Shavers have (part) handles.
Shavers have (part) knife edges.
Shavers have (part) sections.
Shavers now have a leading market share among one-piece shavers.
Shavers Offers a close, smooth, comfortable shave.
Shaving isa improvement.
Shaw players go big game hunting.
Shaw residents value their privacy and their island's rustic beauty.
Shawl collar gives a beautiful elegant look.
Shawl collars can be tricky, depending on the width of the collar itself.
A shawl is a cloak
Shawl isa garment.
Shawls are available in all colors above.
Shawls are cloaks.
Shawls become popular for the more slender gowns.
Shawls have (part) bands.
Shawls have (part) button holes.
Shawls have (part) collars.
Shawls have (part) cuffs.
Shawls have (part) hems.
Shawls have (part) lap covering.
Shawls have (part) pocket flaps.
Shawls have (part) pockets.
Shawls have (part) sections.
Shawls have (part) skirts.
Shawls have (part) sleeve.
Shawls have (part) stripes.
Shawls wrap around sculptured jackets, matching trousers and overcoats.
All shawms have several vent holes between the hole for the lowest note and the end of the bell.
Shaws products are for caring pet owners who want the best for their animals.
A shay is carriage
Shay dismisses as well.
Shay works with the college students until they are able to work on their own project.
All SHCA events are open to members and non-members alike, and everyone is welcome to attend.
A sheaf is a package
Sheaves accept dye very well.
Sheaves are bundles of grain or tall grass bound tightly into large stacks.
Sheaves heap'd on sheaves here thicken up the ground.
Shear bands are more visible at the cross section of the corroded portion of the metal.
Shear connectors make the steel-free concrete deck composite with the steel girders that support it.
Shear deformation associated with mappable faults is localized primarily in a well-defined zone.
Shear deformation involves a change of shape with no volume change.
Shear deformation is related to the rotations of the sides of a control element.
Shear effects are an important displacement component in base-isolated highway bridge structures.
Shear environments are created by level jet wind.
Shear environments are created by wind.
Most shear environments are created by level jet wind.
Most shear environments are created by wind.
Shear failures are prevalent near the ends, and at mid-depth of glued laminated beams.
Shear flow reduces turbulent transport.
Shear flows are very important in experimental turbulence studies.
Shear flows have nonzero vorticity.
Shear force exerts a major influence on plaque development.
Shear forces are minimal, which allows the sitter to recline without untucking a blouse or shirt.
Shear forces cause contiguous parts of a structure or liquid to slide relative to each other.
Shear injuries are most often multiple, ovoid and parallel to white matter fiber bundles.
Shear injury can occur on a potato harvester at the boom joints, which can be raised and lowered.
Shear layers are regions of rapid variation in fluid flow.
Shear layers generated at the tip of the obstacles - they aid the burning of the trap pockets.
Shear motions occur parallel to the interface between closely packed segments of polypeptides.
Shear movement is when to forces slide by each other and destroy the material in-between.
Shear pins are soft metal bolts that hold PTO shaft couplers together.
Shear pins come in all sorts of sizes, lengths and grades.
Shear plane is uneven, irregular or rough.
Shear plates are thick, high-quality optical flats.
Shear point handle designed to break off flush if forced.
Shear points are areas where two pieces move in a cutting motion.
Shear privet hedges twice a season.
Shear rate is the velocity gradient of the fluid between the plates.
Shear reflectance is a sensitive and reliable measurement of oil viscosity.
Shear speed is VERY roughly equal to the compressional speed divided by the square root of three.
Shear stability helps prevent metal to metal contact and wear in high temperature operations.
Shear strain is how much they slide past each other.
Shear strain is measured as the change in angle of the corners of a small square of material.
Shear strains turn squares into diamonds.
Shear strength is a measure of the ability of an object to withstand a change in shape.
Shear strength is measured in terms of pounds or kilonewtons.
Shear strengths are important for bolts, rivets, drive key, cutting, and polishing applications.
Shear stress arises when there is a mean velocity gradient in the direction transverse to the flow.
Shear stress is a function of the viscosity of the fluid.
Shear stress is a pair of force applied in opposite direction but in a sliding fashion.
Shear stress is a term used to describe the stress when things slip over one another.
Shear stress is across the adhesive bond.
Shear stress is defined as either clockwise or counterclockwise on the X-face of the stress element.
Shear stress is displayed continuously on the calibrated scale.
Shear stress is experienced at transform boundaries where two plates are sliding past each other.
Shear stress is induced as a result.
Shear stress is measured in psi.
Shear stress is produced when a foam cushion deforms to conform to body shape.
Shear stress is rotational.
Shear stress is the outcome of sliding one part over the other in opposite directions.
Shear stress produces three-dimensional remodeling in the endothelial cell cytoskeleton.
Shear stress refers to the force per unit area that water exerts on the sediment bed.
Shear stress regulates occludin content and phosphorylation.
Shear walls can handle being pushed, pulled, rattled, and shaken during an earthquake.
Shear waves are about half the speed of P waves.
Shear waves have a very hard time doing that.
Shear waves travel at slower speeds than longitudinal waves, and can only be made in solids.
Shear waves travel slower than compressional waves.
Shear webs are precut.
Shear causes lines to rotate.
Shear cutting dies of different shapes are available to fit varying lead patterns.
Shear generated by the flights of the screw mixes the melt so it is uniform.
Shear is both conducive and destructive to MCVs and subsequent moist convection.
Shear is highest right in the middle of the laminate.
Shear isa alteration.
Shear loses at higher speeds can also become unacceptable.
Shear means moving back and forth like scissors or shears.
Shear move the heat and the moisture to the wrong parts of the storm, and it falls apart.
Shear occurs when the wind changes direction, speed, or both within a very short distance.
Shear stresses in the adhesive layer under porcelain veneers.
Shears are deformations.
Shears are essential equipment for growing roses.
Shears are less accurate, but save time and are a necessity for a lavender hedge.
Shears have one bow which is larger than the other one.
Shears hopes for a medical discharge to live life again as a civilian.
Shears result in motion.
All shears have a removable finger rest and traditional split screw, both of which are gold plated.
All shears have comfortable molded plastic handles.
Some shears have clouds.
Some shears offer overviews.
Sheared heels can occur in hind feet as well as in forefeet.
Sheared rotation is found to be destabilizing for the two velocity profiles considered.
Sheared sheep seems to allow for more space in each of the pens.
A shearer is a skilled worker
Most shearers are good people and work hard.
Most shearers are there to shear and like to get on with the job.
A shearing is a shortening
Shearing also keeps the plant looking tidy.
Shearing also suppresses humidity, a factor in larval survival, in the wool.
Shearing appears to be about one week behind.
Shearing are cuts.
Shearing can currently take place in controlled areas without a licence.
Shearing can have a minor effect on birth weight, particularly in twins.
Shearing can sometimes be beneficial before breeding.
Shearing destroys the natural form of the plant.
Shearing involves the heading of the current year's shoot growth and differs from pruning.
Shearing is a big event here, almost a party.
Shearing is able to cover the diverse playlist with equal fire and passion end to end.
Shearing is actually the culmination of a year of management, selection and breeding decisions.
Shearing is also a good time to get the house in order for lambing.
Shearing is also a kind of pressure injury.
Shearing is an important part of a good sheep management program.
Shearing is caused by forces sliding by each other.
Shearing is considered essential for producing trees with full foliage and uniform symmetry.
Shearing is done in the early Spring in the South, usually later in Spring in the North.
Shearing is done once a year, approximately one month before lambing.
Shearing is done once or twice a year with hand clippers.
Shearing is localized in the two zones near the top and bottom of the field.
Shearing is merely a rotation followed by a non-uniform scale.
Shearing is necessary and benefits, rather than hurts the animal.
Shearing is really random heading.
Shearing is so common with juniper that it is difficult to find the natural shape.
Shearing is the complete removal of the wool and is carried out using machine or hand shears.
Shearing is the easiest and most economical method of control.
Shearing is the indiscriminate clipping of all twig ends on the plant.
Shearing is the method of choice for woolly and crossbred llamas and for alpacas.
Shearing makes breeding easier and safer for the male as well as the female.
Shearing makes use of heading cuts.
Shearing produces a dense outer layer of foliage that shades the inner wood and results in dieback.
Shearing restores full productivity to sparse aspen stands.
Some shearing is recommended to keep purple coloring in the new growth.
A shearwater is a petrel
Shearwater operates on the Zimbabwean side of the river only.
Shearwaters are a pelagic species, spending all their lives at sea, with the exception of nesting.
Shearwaters are another bird to watch in the North Pacific.
Shearwaters are good swimmers and have webbed feet.
Shearwaters are graceful birds that spend their lives gliding low over the waves at sea.
Shearwaters are gull-like birds which fly low over the ocean waves.
Shearwaters are gull-sized, but have much straighter, stiffer wings.
Shearwaters are much larger.
Shearwaters are petrels.
Shearwaters are small petrels with long wings that specialize in low, gliding flight.
Shearwaters shrill Help build the best animal-related directory on the web.
Shearwaters spend most of their lives at sea, coming to land only to breed a few months a year.
A sheath is protection
Sheath contains sharpening stone.
Sheath encloses all later leaves.
Sheath holds a sharpening stone.
Sheath holds both knives.
Sheath includes belt loop.
Sheath is a antiqued brown leather belt sheath of highest quality.
Sheath is a black leather Cashen pouch sheath.
Sheath is a brown leather Cashen pouch sheath.
Sheath is a clear lacquer coated walnut wood.
Sheath is a multi-carry kydex rig.
Sheath is a top notch kydex belt sheath.
Sheath is brown leather.
Sheath is chromed and also in excellent condition.
Sheath is exhausted and filled with inert gas.
Sheath is hairless.
Sheath is hairy and round.
Sheath is heavy, oil tanned leather with stone pouch.
Sheath is in charge of finished product.
Sheath is leather over wood with nickel silver mounts.
Sheath is lined with rawhide, sewn with linen thread, and edge beaded with pound beads.
Sheath is paten leather with a few nicks.
Sheath is paten leather, in good condition.
Sheath is real leather and has a boot clip attached.
Sheath is usually hairy but can have sparse or no hairs.
Sheath is very sharp and catches easily in any fairly soft object.
Sheath is worn.
Sheath isa artifact.
Sheath provides a passageway for genetic material to be passed into the host bacteria.
Sheath remains with pad on ground.
Sheath shows some wear.
Sheath shows wear on the back.
Sheaths are available in either our classic black leather or molded black nylon.
Sheaths are available upon request with large knives, at no extra charge.
Sheaths are covering.
Sheaths are form fitted and vegetable oil tanned.
Sheaths are protective covering.
Sheaths are pubcsent on the back.
Sheaths are round and glabrous.
Sheaths are round, open, and glabrous to pilose.
Sheaths are the waxy casings that protect feathers as they develop.
Sheaths are thin with a ventral pattern of cross wrinkles.
Sheaths are without hairs and closed, with hairs in the collar region only.
Sheaths are without hairs.
Sheaths cover root tips.
Sheaths cover tips.
Sheaths form around their clitellums, which dry and fill with albumin.
Sheaths have (part) sections.
Sheaths help to keep accidents to a minimum.
Sheaths provide protection.
Sheaths often purplish.
Most sheaths cover root tips.
Most sheaths cover tips.
Most sheaths provide protection.
Some sheaths absorb water.
Some sheaths are made of gels.
Some sheaths come with cap sleeves.
Some sheaths come with mounting hardware attached.
Some sheaths consist of enamel.
Some sheaths consist of fringes.
Some sheaths contain chloroplasts.
Some sheaths contain membranes.
Some sheaths cover claws.
Some sheaths cover filament.
Some sheaths cover heads.
Some sheaths cover surfaces.
Some sheaths enclose heads.
Some sheaths extend length.
Some sheaths hang on surfaces.
Some sheaths hang on vertical surfaces.
Some sheaths have margins.
Some sheaths have streaks.
Some sheaths meet requirements.
Some sheaths protect claws.
Some sheaths protect plants.
Some sheaths provide electrical insulation.
Some sheaths provide insulation.
Some sheaths run down backs.
Some sheaths show mosaic patterns.
Some sheaths show patterns.
Some sheaths surround cell membranes.
Some sheaths surround feathers.
Some sheaths surround follicles.
Some sheaths surround lungs.
Some sheaths surround membranes.
Some sheaths surround nerves.
Some sheaths surround petioles.
Some sheaths surround spines.
Some sheaths surround tendons.
Sheathed needle is inserted into the spleen.
Sheathed swords are visible on the first and fourth kings.
Sheathings are protective covering.
A shebeen is a tavern
Shebeens are also hot targets.
Shed dormers are better.
Shed dormers are easiest to build.
Shed dormers have flat roofs that rest on the angled logs of the front and sidewalls.
Shed dormers tend to have a downward shaped flat roof.
A shed is a building
Sheds also have their own secrets.
Sheds are also available in western pine.
Sheds are located in backyards.
Sheds are located in ranchs.
Sheds are used for storage.
Sheds are wonderful treasures, especially large ones.
Sheds have electricity, one is heated.
Sheds have tools.
Sheds used on farms can be large and tall structures.
Sheds usually serve that purpose.
All sheds come with the choice of paint and shingle colors.
Many sheds contain a feedbox and water trough, and some are extended to house hay, grain, and tack.
Some sheds are large structures framed by wood.
Some sheds are made out of plastic.
Some sheds are small open-sided structures with tin rooves.
Some sheds even become a garden getaway, like a playhouse for grownups.
Many Shedd residents engage in a variety of toll avoidance practices.
Sheen is radiance
Sheen isa brightness.
Sheen knows Toronto like a second home.
Sheens are remarkable easier to hit and damge with most kinds of magic.
Some sheep breeds are less seasonal.
Some sheep breeds have sheep.
Sheep camps tend to be more water repellent because of the accumulation of organic matter.
Sheep Creek forms the southern boundary of the property.
Sheep Creek has a dump station.
Sheep Creek is a medium volume rain and snow fed creek - very steep and very fast.
Sheep Creek is the end of navigation and where most outfitters turn around.
Sheep Creek lies to the south.
A sheep dip is a liquid
A sheep dip is pesticide
Sheep dips are a serious source of water pollution as well.
A sheep dog is a dog
Sheep dogs are a playful breed, and occasionally Montana needs just a little discipline.
Sheep dogs behave like sheep dogs.
Sheep dogs greet a visitor's car in the yard, tails wagging and clamoring to get in.
Sheep dogs start chewing at one end of a couch and finish at the other.
Sheep farms rub elbows with rain forests.
Most sheep farms are small.
Some sheep farms destroy habitats.
Some sheep farms destroy natural habitats.
Sheep farmers say there is a risk of ewes and their lambs dying unless they can be moved to safety.
Sheep farming is also extremely valuable.
Sheep farming is one of the most important industries in New Zealand.
Sheep farming is the major land use.
A sheep fescue is grass
Sheep fescue grows in a clump rather than devel oping into a sod.
Sheep introductions are, to put it mildly an agent of change.
Sheep Island is the result of that.
Sheep manure can be a source of blackleg inoculum if the sheep have grazed on infected plants.
Sheep manure is powdered and mixed with urea for top dressing.
Sheep manure releases the nitrogen quickly when compared to farm yard manure.
Sheep milk has about eight percent butterfat, compared to three or four percent in cow's milk.
Sheep milk is a rich source of many minerals necessary in growth and functions of the human body.
Sheep milk is also drunk and used to make other products such as cheese.
Sheep milk is an important source of calcium.
Sheep milk is higher in fat than goat milk.
Most sheep parasites have direct life cycles.
Sheep pox is a notifiable disease in the four Maghreb countries.
Sheep pox is the major ovine pathology in Algeria.
Sheep producers have a vested interest and commitment to use sound stewardship practices.
Sheep producers seem to be the hardest hit.
Sheep producers take feed and labor, and market that through the lambs and wool that are sold.
Sheep ranches occupy much of the interior section.
Sheep ranchers agree.
Sheep ranchers shear their sheep once or twice per year and sell the wool.
Sheep shearers use a lot of blades.
Sheep shearing is done to remove the year's growth of wool.
Sheep shearing is the headline event for the day, along with wool washing, carding and spinning.
Sheep skin provides, among other things, warm coverings for the sometimes-chill desert nights.
Sheep skins are naturally sanitary and are often used to cushion the strollers or cribs of infants.
Some sheep skin has structures.
A sheep sorrel is a herb
Sheep sorrel grows up to one foot in height.
Sheep sorrel grows wild in most parts of the world except the tropics.
Sheep sorrel is a case in point.
Sheep sorrel is a very important component in essiac.
Sheep sorrel is also high in oxalic acid.
Sheep sorrel is claimed to be effective against cancer.
Sheep sorrel is Eurasian in origin and has made it's home all across North America.
Sheep sorrel is probably top-killed by fire.
Sheep sorrel is somewhere in between.
Sheep sorrel supports urinary tract health.
Sheep sorrels are docks.
Sheep stations are more common than cattle stations in Australia.
Sheep wool can be blond, red, beige, brown, silver or gray.
Sheep wool gives baseballs their bounce.
Sheep wool is spun and is used in clothing such sweaters, mitts, and pants.
Sheep wool is the primary material used for weaving but yak and goat hair are also used.
Sheep wool is wool.
Sheep acquire some amount of resistance to internal parasites with age and exposure.
Sheep act as maintenance hosts.
Sheep adapt to climates.
Sheep adapt to different climates.
Sheep adapt to dry climates.
Sheep adapt to environments.
Sheep adapt to many different climates.
Sheep already look alike.
Sheep also graze plants close to their roots, where parasite larvae are most concentrated.
Sheep also harbor the virus for two weeks without exhibiting outward symptoms.
Sheep also provide meat.
Sheep also provide milk for drinking and making cheese.
Sheep also reside in the mountains of Siberia, Mongolia, and Tibet.
Sheep appear in countries.
Sheep appear more vulnerable.
Sheep appear most likely to strip bark in plantations that have flowered the previous spring.
Sheep appear to be less affected, and can consume great quantities without apparent injury.
Sheep appear to be more susceptible than cattle and goats are less susceptible.
Sheep appear to be the most resistant of the farm animals.
Sheep are a great type of livestock to have on a homestead or small farm.
Sheep are a perfect example of the former type of peace.
Sheep are a popular animal model for research in obstetrics.
Sheep are a target prey for many large carnivorous animals such as dogs , wolves and wild cats .
Sheep are able to digest the majority of seeds within the pods.
Sheep are able to utilize whole barley rather than processed barley, which facilitates distribution.
Sheep are afraid of the unknown, of darkness, and of strange pastures and buildings.
Sheep are all alike, but cattle are all different.
Sheep are also a big hit in Uruguay, India and South Africa.
Sheep are also figurative of believers who follow the shepherd.
Sheep are also important for the economy.
Sheep are also important.
Sheep are also often among the most stubborn of animals.
Sheep are also skittish animals.
Sheep are also susceptible, but they are perhaps more resilient.
Sheep are also very selective in their grazing habits.
Sheep are also very susceptible to parasites.
Sheep are amazingly adaptable.
Sheep are among the most efficient of all the domestic animals and have been for thousands of years.
Sheep are an important part of the human psyche.
Sheep are an okay animal, nice, mild, and of course woolly.
Sheep are animals that are much different from other animals.
Sheep are animals that are raised for food and for the wool that they produce.
Sheep are another matter.
Sheep are believers.
Sheep are biddable creatures on the whole.
Sheep are big pansies.
Sheep are bread for their ability to produce wool or meat.
Sheep are clean animals with white wool.
Sheep are closely-related to other farm livestock, especially goats.
Sheep are completely dependent on the shepherd for provision, guidance, and protection.
Sheep are considered as something very sacred and blessed in Egypt.
Sheep are cud-chewing animals.
Sheep are cute.
Sheep are defenseless against predators.
Sheep are defenseless for the most part against predators like coyotes and wild dogs.
Sheep are definitely a road hazard.
Sheep are designed for grazing.
Sheep are different in many ways.
Sheep are docile and passive creatures.
Sheep are docile creatures and naturally gregarious, meaning they tend to stay together in groups.
Sheep are docile, intelligent and sociable.
Sheep are domesticated animals which have been bred by man .
Sheep are domesticated animals which have been bred by man.
Sheep are dumb and helpless.
Sheep are dumb, passive animals.
Sheep are dumb.
Sheep are easier than cows on the steepest land with regards to erosion.
Sheep are either immune or highly resistant to the poison.
Sheep are especially vulnerable to barberpole worm assaults.
Sheep are everywhere.
Sheep are excellent animals for such of environment.
Sheep are experts at discerning their shepherd's voice i.
Sheep are face branded to keep ownership straight.
Sheep are flock animals, usually preferring the safety of their group.
Sheep are frightened by high-pitched and loud noises, such as barking dogs or firecrackers.
Sheep are funny animals.
Sheep are gentle, kind, soft.
Sheep are good for producing some drugs, and so are rabbits.
Sheep are grazers, chewing their cud.
Sheep are grazers, goats are browsers.
Sheep are grazers, living on grasses, woods and shrubs.
Sheep are grazers.
Sheep are gregarious.
Sheep are grouped among the friendliest species on earth.
Sheep are hard to care for.
Sheep are hardier and have superior growth rates and feed conversion ratios.
Sheep are hardy animals.
Sheep are hardy, well covered animals, usually kept in the open all year round.
Sheep are helpless and have no natural defenses.
Sheep are helpless and stupid creatures which have an amazing ability to do themselves harm.
Sheep are helpless prey to the wolves.
Sheep are herbivores.
Sheep are herbivorous and therefore mainly feed on vegetables, herbs, shrubs and so on.
Sheep are horrible at caring for themselves, absolutely defenseless, in danger from everything.
Sheep are humble.
Sheep are in good condition.
Sheep are incapable of taking care of themselves.
Sheep are interesting as a topic for jokes, cartoons, tales, language, poetry.
Sheep are intermediate hosts.
Sheep are kind of remarkable.
Sheep are known as animals.
Sheep are known as mammals.
Sheep are known as sheep.
Sheep are known as the most independent animal species.
Sheep are known to self-medicate when they have some illnesses.
Sheep are less affected.
Sheep are less susceptible to external parasites, including fungi such as ringworm.
Sheep are less susceptible.
Sheep are like money in the bank.
Sheep are mammals with a thick woolly coat, kept in flocks and raised for meat, wool or milk.
Sheep are mammals with thick, woolly fur, and hoofed feet.
Sheep are medium-sized herbivorous mammals that graze on grass and berries.
Sheep are members of the genus Ovis.
Sheep are more docile and can become used to people.
Sheep are more likely to overeat than goats.
Sheep are more resistant than cattle to bracken poisoning.
Sheep are more resistant to houndstongue poisoning that cattle or horses.
Sheep are more resistant to pyrrolizidine alkaloid intoxication than are cattle.
Sheep are more resistant.
Sheep are most at risk, but cattle, goats, horses, poultry, and pets are also at risk.
Sheep are most comfortable when the temperature is moderate.
Sheep are most likely to be affected by feeding on death camas.
Sheep are most likely to be affected by feeding on deathcamas.
Sheep are most unique in that they produce wool.
Sheep are much more resistant to the effects of the toxic principle than are cattle.
Sheep are natural prey - they run when chased.
Sheep are naturally gregarious.
Sheep are naturally prone to wander, to get in trouble, to do foolish things.
Sheep are naturally seasonal breeders, and respond to decreasing daylight hours.
Sheep are never concerned about their reputation.
Sheep are nice animals.
Sheep are notorious for following the leader.
Sheep are notoriously stupid, self willed, driven by their appetites.
Sheep are of different varieties.
Sheep are one thing, but the ethics surrounding cloning family pets is a completely different story.
Sheep are only safe when they are in the presence of a loving shepherd.
Sheep are potential carriers of pathogenic virus.
Sheep are powerless to help themselves and have to be defended.
Sheep are precocial, gregarious animals.
Sheep are property, bought and sold.
Sheep are proverbially foolish animals.
Sheep are raised in almost all countries.
Sheep are raised in less-favored environments, particularly the desert basins of the west.
Sheep are regular victims in the Grampian region of Scotland, in Wales and in the West Country.
Sheep are related to antelopes, cattle, muskoxen and goats.
Sheep are relatively easy to contain with an electric fence because they tend to be docile.
Sheep are ruminant animals.
Sheep are ruminants, grazers and a herbivore.
Sheep are ruminants, which means that they, like cattle and goats, chew their cud.
Sheep are ruminants.
Sheep are seasonal breeders.
Sheep are seen to represent righteousness, sincerity, gentleness, and compassion.
Sheep are sensitive to excess copper.
Sheep are sheep because they chose to be sheep, and goats are goats because they chose to be goats.
Sheep are short grazers, they eat the grass to the ground.
Sheep are similar in their forage requirements to cattle and horses.
Sheep are small ruminant animals that are selected for both wool production and meat production.
Sheep are social, but usually only with their own gender.
Sheep are still the backbone of the New Zealand economy, though tourism contributes significantly.
Sheep are stupid animals.
Sheep are stupid, goats are smart.
Sheep are stupid.
Sheep are subject to zakah when their number reaches forty.
Sheep are susceptible only to bluetongue virus.
Sheep are ten times more susceptible to copper toxicity than cattle.
Sheep are the foundation of the herding economy, and mutton is by far the preferred meat.
Sheep are the most commonly affected species out of all domestic livestock.
Sheep are the most foolish and helpless of all animals.
Sheep are the most susceptible of all food-producing animals to copper toxicosis.
Sheep are the national product.
Sheep are the sacrificial animals par excellence.
Sheep are traditionally the most important, and least expensive, source of meat in Kyrgyzstan.
Sheep are Turkey's most important livestock, and Turkey is one of European wool and cotton producer.
Sheep are typically very romantic and sensitive.
Sheep are unique among food and farm animals in the way they utilize copper.
Sheep are unique in that they accumulate copper in the liver more readily than other farm animals.
Sheep are unique in that they readily consume plants other animals avoid or find toxic.
Sheep are unique in that they readily consume plants that other animals avoid or find toxic.
Sheep are used as subsidiary units and small change is given in lambskins.
Sheep are usually hysterical when they get the flock out and resume thinking.
Sheep are usually the main livestock.
Sheep are usually white and goats are usually black or dark brown.
Sheep are usually white whilst goats are black, speaking of righteousness and sin.
Sheep are very gentle animals and are easily frightened.
Sheep are very gregarious and form mixed herds in winter and segregated herds in summer.
Sheep are very loyal to their home ranges.
Sheep are very much followers.
Sheep are very selective in their grazing habits.
Sheep are very sensitive to flukes and even one fluke can cause enough damage to kill a sheep.
Sheep are very sensitive to the fermentation quality of silage.
Sheep are very strange and difficult animals.
Sheep are very susceptible to shipping fever .
Sheep are very timid.
Sheep are voracious eaters.
Sheep are vulnerable and dumb.
Sheep are vulnerable.
Sheep are weird animals.
Sheep are well suited to small-scale farming and are easy for the novice to care for.
Sheep are wonderful animals.
Sheep arrive from the Hawaiian Islands.
Sheep assist land managers who rely on controlled burns to clear brush from forests and rangelands.
Sheep being lost are poor in spirit.
Sheep bite off the plants at an even height, leaving several centimeters above the ground.
Sheep breed in periods of decreasing day length.
Sheep breed only once per year, and flocks are small.
Sheep bring trouble.
Sheep browsing outside some evening instead row alaska backpacking.
Sheep burst till the journey or turned wildcats jerseys.
Sheep can adapt to a complete confinement system of production.
Sheep can also become cast down and, in that state, panic and die.
Sheep can also eat some weeds that are toxic to cattle and other livestock without ill effect.
Sheep can also indicate a birth in the physical realm.
Sheep can also take baths without ruining their wool or their hides.
Sheep can be carriers for up to nine weeks after recovering from the infection.
Sheep can be efficient at converting forage into meat and wool.
Sheep can be very, very nervous.
Sheep can bite off grass much closer to the ground than cattle are able to.
Sheep can carry the disease without showing symptoms, thereby causing further undetected spread.
Sheep can detect other sheep faces like humans do.
Sheep can drink fresh water from drinking bowls, troughs or ponds.
Sheep can go without drinking water for extended periods.
Sheep can grow faster if they eat grass.
Sheep can grow fine wool, medium wool or coarse wool.
Sheep can have nervous breakdowns too.
Sheep can hear zippers.
Sheep can live in hillier and drier conditions than cattle.
Sheep can live in hot and cold places.
Sheep can now move for both welfare and husbandry reasons within a farm business.
Sheep can obtain the majority of their nutrients from grass and forages in a pasture.
Sheep can only show symptoms of the disease for a short time, making it harder to identify.
Sheep can provide creative alternatives to traditional waste-handling methods.
Sheep can provide their owner with wool, lamb, mutton and lanolin oil.
Sheep can run down residues very quickly on clean feed.
Sheep can safely satisfy over half there diet with spurge.
Sheep can sometimes make music.
Sheep can suffer from another prion disease called scrapie.
Sheep can swallow enormous amounts of arsenic, once the murderers' favorite poison.
Sheep can swallow enormous amounts of arsenic.
Sheep can swallow enormous quantities of arsenic-once the murderers' favorite poison.
Sheep can thrive on even more arid grasslands.
Sheep can use practically all types of forage, including crop residue and even ditch banks.
Sheep carry genes.
Sheep certainly starts out easily enough.
Sheep chew cuds.
Sheep chew fields.
Sheep chew pasture.
Sheep chew vegetation.
Sheep chops man into tiny bits.
Sheep come in all sizes, large and small.
Sheep commonly graze near High Mountain during summer.
Sheep consider their options.
Sheep constitute by far the most important single element in the pastoral industry.
Sheep consume amounts.
Sheep consume food.
Sheep consume plants.
Sheep contains earth, fire, and wood.
Sheep continue to graze in alfalfa fields.
Sheep continue to graze on the western slopes of the Snake Range.
Sheep contribute to the management by exerting grazing pressure on leafy spurge.
Sheep cover the hillsides instead of trees.
Sheep cross pasture.
Sheep cure themselves of foot-rot by eating the bark and shoots. .
Sheep decide to go through fence rather than gate, and get tangled up.
Sheep depend heavily on their vision.
Sheep depend on plants.
Sheep depend on vegetation.
Sheep destroy plants.
Sheep detect predators.
Sheep die within time.
Sheep display a large variety of complex mating behaviours that are fascinating to observe.
Sheep do have a capacity to follow and they follow to their own death.
Sheep do it when led astray.
Sheep DO IT when led astray.
Sheep DO IT with kiwis.
Sheep do it.
Sheep does remarkably well, the climate is peculiarly favorable to sheep as it is so high and dry.
Sheep doing finely they are geting very comfortably fixed, have lots of vater melons.
Sheep don t follow a false shepherd unless they re sick.
Sheep easily fall prey to predators, and when they do, they are virtually defenseless.
Sheep eat a variety of feed.
Sheep eat any type of vegetation, even poisonous plants so they have to be shepherded.
Sheep eat bull thistle seedlings or small rosettes.
Sheep eat corn.
Sheep eat food.
Sheep eat grass and grow a new fleece of wool every year.
Sheep eat grass and hay.
Sheep eat grass.
Sheep eat hay.
Sheep eat it.
Sheep eat leaves.
Sheep eat lichens.
Sheep eat lots of green grass and hay.
Sheep eat mostly grass and hay.
Sheep eat or graze on grass or vegetable matter.
Sheep eat plants.
Sheep eat the plants down to ground level.
Sheep eat vegetation.
Sheep eat whole plants.
Sheep eat woody and broadleaf plants as well as tall weeds and grasses.
Sheep enjoy juniper berries and deer graze on the plant.
Sheep enrich volcanic ecosystems.
Sheep enter pasture.
Sheep exhibit a strong flocking behaviour.
Sheep exhibit incomplete dominance in the trait for eye color.
Sheep experience digestive problems.
Sheep experience problems.
Sheep feed on a diet of grass, flowers, young plants, and leaves.
Sheep feed on grass.
Sheep feed on grass.
Sheep feed on pasture.
Sheep feed on winter pasture.
Sheep follow goats butt.
Sheep follow sheep.
Sheep follow some leader or something.
Sheep follow the leader.
Sheep forage new leaves in spring and early summer.
Sheep get filthy, the wool is tangled and a sheep near shearing time is ugly.
Sheep get food.
Sheep get scrapie from other sheep or from where they have given birth.
Sheep get their energy from glucose, the natural sugar inside grass.
Sheep get their first pair of permanent incisors at roughly twelve months old.
Sheep get water.
Sheep give birth after about five months.
Sheep give birth to mammals.
Sheep give birth to sheep.
Sheep give wool to make a suit.
Sheep go in herds.
Sheep graze areas.
Sheep graze down in the fields on the hillsides leading to the village.
Sheep graze fields.
Sheep graze in districts.
Sheep graze in farms.
Sheep graze in fields.
Sheep graze in grass.
Sheep graze in green pasture.
Sheep graze in groups.
Sheep graze in habitats.
Sheep graze in meadows.
Sheep graze in pasture.
Sheep graze in valleys.
Sheep graze large farm fields.
Sheep graze lush pasture.
Sheep graze off in a meadow.
Sheep graze on coastal vegetation.
Sheep graze on foliage.
Sheep graze on grass.
Sheep graze on plants.
Sheep graze on vegetation.
Sheep graze pasture.
Sheep graze ranges.
Sheep graze the open, highland pastures during summer and are rounded up each fall.
Sheep graze the pastures during the winter period to promote thickening of sward base.
Sheep grow coats.
Sheep grow large in the north, and their meat tends to be tender and less rank.
Sheep grow their own fur coats.
Sheep grow very thick wool in cold, damp climates.
Sheep has wool.
Sheep has-part backs.
Sheep has-part eyes.
Sheep has-part glands.
Sheep has-part hoofs.
Sheep has-part jaws.
Sheep has-part legs.
Sheep has-part limbs.
Sheep has-part stomachs.
Sheep has-part tails.
Sheep has-part teeth.
Sheep has-part throats.
Sheep have (part) brains.
Sheep have (part) breasts.
Sheep have (part) cannon bones.
Sheep have (part) cell membranes.
Sheep have (part) cells.
Sheep have (part) chest cavities.
Sheep have (part) chests.
Sheep have (part) corpi.
Sheep have (part) cytoplasm.
Sheep have (part) ears.
Sheep have (part) faces.
Sheep have (part) heads.
Sheep have (part) hip sockets.
Sheep have (part) nuclei.
Sheep have (part) piluses.
Sheep have (part) plasma membranes.
Sheep have (part) rib cages.
Sheep have (part) second stomachs.
Sheep have (part) sections.
Sheep have (part) skulls.
Sheep have (part) sterna.
Sheep have (part) vacuoles.
Sheep have a flight zone, which is the space they like to keep between themselves and others.
Sheep have a habit of getting lost.
Sheep have a knack of huddling together and wherever one goes, others follow.
Sheep have a longer and more complex cervix than other ruminant livestock.
Sheep have a resonsibility a.
Sheep have a right to be fed.
Sheep have advantages for many users, chickens for others.
Sheep have an excellent sense of hearing.
Sheep have appetite.
Sheep have biological mothers.
Sheep have brains.
Sheep have bristly coats.
Sheep have coats.
Sheep have color.
Sheep have curl horns.
Sheep have curly fleeces.
Sheep have different requirements than beef cattle, with copper being the prime example.
Sheep have excellent peripheral vision.
Sheep have expression.
Sheep have eyes.
Sheep have eyesights.
Sheep have faces.
Sheep have fleece, goats have hair.
Sheep have fleeces.
Sheep have front teeth.
Sheep have glands.
Sheep have good appetite.
Sheep have good eyesights.
Sheep have good hearing and are sensitive to noise when being handled.
Sheep have great needs.
Sheep have height.
Sheep have hoofs that is divided into two toes.
Sheep have hoofs.
Sheep have horizontal slit-shaped pupils, possessing excellent peripheral vision.
Sheep have horns.
Sheep have it so good.
Sheep have memory.
Sheep have mothers.
Sheep have mouths.
Sheep have necks.
Sheep have no ability to find their way back.
Sheep have no canines, instead there is a large gap instead between the incisors and the premolars.
Sheep have no claws, no sharp teeth, no terrible horns.
Sheep have no initiative.
Sheep have no natural defenses.
Sheep have no top front teeth but the roof of their mouth is hard.
Sheep have no upper anterior teeth at all.
Sheep have no upper incisor teeth.
Sheep have no weapons to defend themselves.
Sheep have oil glands.
Sheep have outer coats.
Sheep have pale faces.
Sheep have poor eyesight but an excellent sense of hearing.
Sheep have poor eyesight, but an excellent sense of hearing.
Sheep have poor eyesights.
Sheep have potential.
Sheep have protection.
Sheep have sheep wool, as apposed to alpaca wool.
Sheep have shoulder height.
Sheep have skin.
Sheep have skulls.
Sheep have some knowledge of their shepherd, but only as much as sheep can know.
Sheep have stomachs.
Sheep have symptoms similar to cattle, and sometimes vigorously pull their wool.
Sheep have teeth.
Sheep have the ability to climb and jump.
Sheep have the right of way on all roads.
Sheep have the same capabilities.
Sheep have their own natural source of insulation all over their bodies.
Sheep have their wool removed in one piece called a fleece.
Sheep have three skin pouches, or scent glands.
Sheep have tissue.
Sheep have vision.
Sheep have well-developed social systems.
Sheep help the farm and the environment in many ways.
Sheep herding and ornamental tropical flowers are additions to cattle and horses.
Sheep herding nomads know how to throw a good party.
Sheep hunting almost always involves a lot of hiking and climbing over varied terrain.
Sheep include lambs.
Sheep inhabit areas.
Sheep inhabit habitats.
Sheep inhabit regions.
Sheep is a bovid
Sheep is a new game for the problem-solving crowd.
Sheep is a symbol of submissiveness and weakness since it keep quiet when it is killed.
Sheep is a unique game of strategy and cunning.
Sheep is animals.
Sheep is awesome, but there just needs to be more.
Sheep is capable of grazes.
Sheep is farm animals.
Sheep is followers.
Sheep is in the past.
Sheep is intermediate host.
Sheep is located in fairgrounds.
Sheep is located in fairs.
Sheep is located in farms.
Sheep is located in meadows.
Sheep is mammals.
Sheep is of Teutonic origin.
Sheep is part of flocks.
Sheep is plural.
Sheep is ruminants.
Sheep is simpletons.
Sheep is the most important livestock and hey is the most important field crop.
Sheep is used for shearing.
Sheep isa ungulate.
Sheep just grow it all over again once they are sheared.
Sheep know whom they belong to.
Sheep lay steaming, cloud in cloud.
Sheep Learn about the care and management of sheep including health, nutrition, and marketing.
Sheep like to eat grass.
Sheep like to stay together in flocks or groups and eat grains and grass.
Sheep like to stick close to one another for comfort and security.
Sheep live for years.
Sheep live in areas.
Sheep live in arid environments.
Sheep live in barns, barnyards or on pasture.
Sheep live in elevation.
Sheep live in environments.
Sheep live in fields.
Sheep live in groups.
Sheep live in meadows.
Sheep live in regions.
Sheep live in rocky mountain regions.
Sheep live in separate ram and ewe bands most of the year.
Sheep live over years.
Sheep look huge when viewed from behind.
Sheep lose their fear of humans and especially the shepherd when the female sheep give birth.
Sheep love to eat emerging seedlings and saplings.
Sheep love to graze.
Sheep love to hear their shepherd's voice.
Sheep lying down are uncommon, but standing sheep are very rare.
Sheep make a bleating sound.
Sheep make groups.
Sheep make herds.
Sheep make milk.
Sheep make wool.
Sheep match well with a horse, a pig, or a rabbit.
Sheep mens caster shirt.
Sheep move around in large groups called flocks .
Sheep naturally follow the shepherd from pasture to pasture.
Sheep need attention.
Sheep need individual attention.
Sheep never have a headache.
Sheep never insist on eating out.
Sheep obey, follow, trust, love, and depend upon their shepherd.
Sheep occupy environments.
Sheep occupy high ridges.
Sheep occupy ridges.
Sheep outnumber people on New Zealand's South Island, which means lots of open space.
Sheep pack about several machine consequently demand houston rockets clothes.
Sheep play an important part in the agricultural economy around the world.
Sheep plunks itself into the puzzle gaming genre.
Sheep possess blood.
Sheep possess coats.
Sheep possess genes.
Sheep possess jaws.
Sheep possess membranes.
Sheep possess offspring.
Sheep possess teeth.
Sheep prefer countries.
Sheep prefer habitats.
Sheep prefer to walk into the wind and uphill, rather than downhill and with the wind.
Sheep probably respond more to proper care and attention than any other farm animal.
Sheep produce a wide variety of items that people use.
Sheep produce alpha antitrypsin, a drug used to treat cystic fibrosis.
Sheep produce lamb, great for selling, and mutton.
Sheep produce two major products.
Sheep produce wool.
Sheep provide a foundation for many religions.
Sheep provide a tool to help the environment.
Sheep provide wool, meat, hides, and, in many areas, are also milked.
Sheep provide wool, which is used to make beds , banners and can be used as a building block.
Sheep provide wool.
Sheep raise sheep.
Sheep raising, meatpacking, and sealing are other significant industries.
Sheep raising, quarrying, and tourism are important economic activities.
Sheep range in the basin seasonally.
Sheep reach maturity.
Sheep reach puberty.
Sheep reach sexual maturity.
Sheep readily consume top growth of woad until the flowering stage.
Sheep really are different from goats.
Sheep really sound much different than goats.
Sheep receive diets.
Sheep receive food.
Sheep receive water.
Sheep recognize the voice of their own shepherd.
Sheep recognize the voice of their personal shepherd.
Sheep remind one of the shepherd.
Sheep represents sacrifice.
Sheep require a consistent amount of water.
Sheep require a pastoral system with green forage easily available in summer.
Sheep require a shepherd . . . . . .
Sheep require endless attention and personal care.
Sheep require food.
Sheep require shelter from the extremes of weather.
Sheep require water.
Sheep requires more finesse with the controls over actual problem-solving.
Sheep rest in shades.
Sheep return to fields.
Sheep rhymes with cheap.
Sheep roam farms.
Sheep roam ground.
Sheep roam hillsides.
Sheep roam mountain ranges.
Sheep roam pasture.
Sheep roam ranges.
Sheep roam the mountaintops and age-old villages and farms cover the valleys.
Sheep rolls over child.
Sheep run to and fro, jump from the ground, and fight in their gambols before a change of weather.
Sheep running predominantly on tagasaste tend to develop the habit of bark stripping.
Sheep say baa goats say maa .
Sheep see in color.
Sheep seem to be a good answer.
Sheep seem to be a good metaphor for a lot of human behavior.
Sheep share ancestors.
Sheep share common ancestors.
Sheep share european ancestors.
Sheep share fields.
Sheep share grass.
Sheep share landscapes.
Sheep share some of the same diseases that cattle get.
Sheep share the land with goats, cattle, horses and camels.
Sheep shearing Australia exports more wool than any other country in the world.
Sheep show ability.
Sheep show behavior.
Sheep show maternal behavior.
Sheep show up for the battles as well.
Sheep show, sheep shearing, sheepdog trial.
Sheep sold at market or via the slaughter house are relatively simple to trace.
Sheep sorrel flowers in late spring.
Sheep stand in fields.
Sheep stand in regions.
Sheep stand no chance as wild animals.
Sheep stand on feet.
Sheep stand on legs.
Sheep stands for humanity.
Sheep stay much healthier if they have access to sun and fresh air every day.
Sheep stray easily.
Sheep stretch necks.
Sheep suffer from a related disease called scrapie.
Sheep suffer similarly.
Sheep survive in areas.
Sheep survive on seaweed yet produce fine wool.
Sheep swallow food.
Sheep swallow their food without chewing it much.
Sheep symbolize honor, goats symbolize shame.
Sheep take a lot of patience and love.
Sheep take advanage of the chaos to rape ranchers.
Sheep take it bad.
Sheep take only five months.
Sheep teach children about their ancestors.
Sheep tend to be timid, nervous and easily frightened.
Sheep tend to favour the windward side of a paddock.
Sheep tend to grow fond of their shepherds.
Sheep tend to prefer finer plants and cattle the coarser ones.
Sheep thrive in habitats.
Sheep thrive on certain types of pasture.
Sheep thrive on the rolling hills of the countryside.
Sheep try alliterative activities such as slurping celery soup in their efforts to fall asleep.
Sheep use horns.
Sheep use their wool to stay warm in the winter.
Sheep vary greatly in size.
Sheep walk on their hoofs, which are divided into two toes.
Sheep want food.
Sheep yield wool, meat and leather.
Sheeps are also available.
Sheeps are insecure.
Sheeps are nice.
Sheeps ignore glasss.
Sheep usually get only the sheep strain but can also succumb to the intermediate strain.
All sheep are escapologists and seemingly bred to be on the lookout for a quick way out.
All sheep have worms.
All sheep produce wool, but the type of wool also varies with the breed.
Every sheep born gets two genes, one from each parent, for each of the three factors above.
Every sheep here has a name and a personality.
Every sheep is included in the grasp of love and omnipotence.
Many sheep have too, their pellets litter the ground in neat piles.
More sheep can live on a farm where it rains a lot because the grass always grows.
Most sheep adapt to dry climates.
Most sheep appear in countries.
Most sheep are known as animals.
Most sheep are known as mammals.
Most sheep are known as sheep.
Most sheep are seasonal breeders, with ewes showing signs of fertility during the fall.
Most sheep are seasonally polyestrus and short-day breeders.
Most sheep are white, but some are brown, black, or spotted.
Most sheep breed only in the fall and winter months.
Most sheep carry genes.
Most sheep consume food.
Most sheep depend on plants.
Most sheep depend on vegetation.
Most sheep destroy plants.
Most sheep detect predators.
Most sheep die within time.
Most sheep eat corn.
Most sheep eat food.
Most sheep eat grass.
Most sheep eat hay.
Most sheep eat leaves.
Most sheep eat lichens.
Most sheep eat plants.
Most sheep eat the leafy tops first and then move on to consume the root portion.
Most sheep eat vegetation.
Most sheep eat whole plants.
Most sheep enter pasture.
Most sheep experience digestive problems.
Most sheep feed on grass.
Most sheep feed on pasture.
Most sheep feed on winter pasture.
Most sheep follow sheep.
Most sheep get food.
Most sheep get water.
Most sheep give birth to mammals.
Most sheep give birth to sheep.
Most sheep graze large farm fields.
Most sheep grow coats.
Most sheep has-part backs.
Most sheep has-part eyes.
Most sheep has-part glands.
Most sheep has-part hoofs.
Most sheep has-part jaws.
Most sheep has-part legs.
Most sheep has-part limbs.
Most sheep has-part stomachs.
Most sheep has-part tails.
Most sheep has-part teeth.
Most sheep has-part throats.
Most sheep have biological mothers.
Most sheep have brains.
Most sheep have coats.
Most sheep have color.
Most sheep have curl horns.
Most sheep have curly fleeces.
Most sheep have expression.
Most sheep have eyes.
Most sheep have eyesights.
Most sheep have faces.
Most sheep have fleeces.
Most sheep have front teeth.
Most sheep have glands.
Most sheep have good appetite.
Most sheep have good eyesights.
Most sheep have height.
Most sheep have hoofs.
Most sheep have horns.
Most sheep have memory.
Most sheep have mothers.
Most sheep have mouths.
Most sheep have necks.
Most sheep have oil glands.
Most sheep have outer coats.
Most sheep have pale faces.
Most sheep have poor eyesights.
Most sheep have potential.
Most sheep have protection.
Most sheep have shoulder height.
Most sheep have skin.
Most sheep have skulls.
Most sheep have teeth.
Most sheep have tissue.
Most sheep have vision.
Most sheep live for years.
Most sheep live in areas.
Most sheep live in arid environments.
Most sheep live in elevation.
Most sheep live in environments.
Most sheep live in fields.
Most sheep live in groups.
Most sheep live in meadows.
Most sheep live in regions.
Most sheep live in rocky mountain regions.
Most sheep live over years.
Most sheep make groups.
Most sheep make herds.
Most sheep make milk.
Most sheep make wool.
Most sheep occupy environments.
Most sheep occupy high ridges.
Most sheep occupy ridges.
Most sheep possess blood.
Most sheep possess coats.
Most sheep possess genes.
Most sheep possess jaws.
Most sheep possess teeth.
Most sheep prefer habitats.
Most sheep provide wool.
Most sheep raise sheep.
Most sheep reach maturity.
Most sheep reach puberty.
Most sheep reach sexual maturity.
Most sheep receive diets.
Most sheep receive food.
Most sheep receive water.
Most sheep require food.
Most sheep require water.
Most sheep share common ancestors.
Most sheep share european ancestors.
Most sheep show ability.
Most sheep show maternal behavior.
Most sheep stand in fields.
Most sheep stand in regions.
Most sheep stand on feet.
Most sheep stand on legs.
Most sheep survive in areas.
Most sheep thrive in habitats.
Some sheep absorb copper.
Some sheep apparently feel the same way.
Some sheep are located on grass.
Some sheep are more equal than others.
Some sheep attract animals.
Some sheep avoid predators.
Some sheep become people.
Some sheep can be quite dark, whereas others can be almost white with light spotting.
Some sheep carry capacity.
Some sheep carry diseases.
Some sheep cause diseases.
Some sheep come from farms.
Some sheep come into heat.
Some sheep cross meadows.
Some sheep depend on rivers.
Some sheep develop diarrhoea.
Some sheep develop severe diarrhoea.
Some sheep die in fields.
Some sheep die in fire.
Some sheep eat animals.
Some sheep eat berries.
Some sheep eat infect mites.
Some sheep eat mites.
Some sheep eat pasture.
Some sheep eat seedlings.
Some sheep eat seeds.
Some sheep eat shrubs.
Some sheep enter districts.
Some sheep enter environments.
Some sheep enter ground.
Some sheep enter habitats.
Some sheep enter regions.
Some sheep escape from farms.
Some sheep feed in fields.
Some sheep fight for dominance.
Some sheep follow farmers.
Some sheep follow owners.
Some sheep give birth to offspring.
Some sheep give coarse wool which is good for carpets.
Some sheep go shopping for a birthday gift.
Some sheep grow viruses.
Some sheep have a higher tendency than others to wander away from the flock and get lost.
Some sheep have copper deficiencies.
Some sheep have deficiencies.
Some sheep have difficulty.
Some sheep have diseases.
Some sheep have enemies.
Some sheep have fevers.
Some sheep have fields.
Some sheep have fitnesses.
Some sheep have hosts.
Some sheep have infectious diseases.
Some sheep have low mortality.
Some sheep have many enemies.
Some sheep have many natural enemies.
Some sheep have mortality.
Some sheep have natural enemies.
Some sheep have offspring.
Some sheep have periods.
Some sheep have similar symptoms.
Some sheep have slight fevers.
Some sheep have symptoms.
Some sheep help hillsides.
Some sheep kill animals.
Some sheep learn habitat use patterns.
Some sheep learn patterns.
Some sheep live at elevation.
Some sheep live in California.
Some sheep live in districts.
Some sheep live in Iceland.
Some sheep live in Scotland.
Some sheep live in snow.
Some sheep live on farms.
Some sheep live on slopes.
Some sheep lose moisture.
Some sheep make horns.
Some sheep make manure.
Some sheep make proteins.
Some sheep migrate to regions.
Some sheep migrate to valleys.
Some sheep move jaws.
Some sheep occupy terrains.
Some sheep occur in Wisconsin.
Some sheep originate in regions.
Some sheep possess balls.
Some sheep possess food.
Some sheep possess patches.
Some sheep prefer hay.
Some sheep prefer plateaus.
Some sheep produce fine woolen fibers, while others grow coarse or medium ones.
Some sheep provide blood.
Some sheep provide manure.
Some sheep provide materials.
Some sheep provide meals.
Some sheep provide meat.
Some sheep provide opportunity.
Some sheep provide proteins.
Some sheep provide sheep.
Some sheep regurgitate food.
Some sheep require soluble vitamins.
Some sheep require vitamins.
Some sheep return to pasture.
Some sheep serve as food.
Some sheep shed winter coats.
Some sheep stand in burrows.
Some sheep stand in environments.
Some sheep stand in farms.
Some sheep stand in gardens.
Some sheep stand in ground.
Some sheep stand in habitats.
Some sheep stand in water.
Some sheep stay with humans.
Some sheep steal food.
Some sheep still graze here, but there are probably more goats.
Some sheep suffer damage.
Some sheep suffer physical damage.
Some sheep survive periods.
Some sheep thrive in pasture.
Some sheep thrive on diets.
Some sheep thrive on seaweed diets.
Some sheep transmit viruses.
Some sheep undergo maintenance procedures.
Some sheep undergo procedures.
Some sheep weigh especially, thus some village except few surface walk.
Sheepdog trials are still popular today.
A sheepdog is a dog
Sheepdogs are a playful breed, and occasionally Montana needs just a little discipline.
A sheepherder is a drover
Sheepherders are exempt from the state's minimum- wage requirements.
Sheepherders are herders.
Sheepherders DO IT on the lam.
Sheepherders mostly live in trailers and tend to flocks grazing on range or pasture.
Sheepherders strike in Texas.
A sheepskin is a leather
Sheepskin helps prevent bed sore discomfort caused by pressure, moisture, heat and friction.
Sheepskin is big business in Australia and is sold at a good price in many shops.
Sheepskin is quite resistant to getting totally wet.
Sheepskins are also popular bed cushioning.
Sheepskins are leathers.
Sheepskins are useful complements to other support systems.
Sheer abundance gives species a better chance of long-term survival.
Sheer anarchy is loosed upon the land.
Sheer beauty makes up for any lack of credibility.
Sheer capacity is the main draw.
Some sheer chaos takes places.
Sheer circumstance can make anyone vulnerable to exploitation.
Sheer cliffs provide shelter.
Many sheer cliffs rise hundreds of feet above the canyon floors.
Most sheer cliffs provide shelter.
Sheer delight is almost instantaneous.
Sheer demographics suggest a growing market for such specialized products.
Sheer distance means that Australia is still quite isolated in ballet terms.
Sheer dogma makes for dry reading indeed.
Sheer excellence is no guarantee of longevity, nor is celebrity.
Sheer exhaustion puts mushers at risk for hypothermia, which can hit veterans and rookies alike.
Sheer experience is the most important factor.
Sheer fabric is veiled by delicate beading or leather embroidery.
Sheer fabric provides a soft, diffused elegance perfect for bedrooms or dayrooms.
Sheer formulas have the added bonus of being very moisturizing and lightweight.
Sheer frustration is only one of the many emotions which come with the territory of modems.
Sheer guesswork goes a long way, the seventh century reaching a new low in surviving documentation.
Sheer indolence is a first explanation.
Sheer lace flows from three-quarter smooth satin underwire cups to end in adjustable straps above.
Sheer legs are at left, by the small ship alongside the wharf.
Sheer line is trimmed.
Sheer luck is no way to a better life.
Sheer mathematics tell.
Sheer noise is used by some.
Sheer novelty is part of the explanation.
Sheer numbers are meaningless.
Sheer numbers are only part of the story.
Sheer numbers are only the beginning of the story.
Sheer numbers bring widows together.
Sheer numbers make it harder to find the good stuff.
Sheer numbers play another part in the slow move of medications from adult to pediatric trials.
Sheer numbers present within most organisations.
Sheer numbers tell the story.
Sheer overlay is embroidered with a cut out floral and bow pattern.
Sheer panels are also very seasonal and have a sexy summer feel.
Sheer presence makes the canon so impermeable and self-perpetuating.
Sheer rock cliffs nearly a thousand feet high.
Sheer size can create organizational obstructions to the flow of information.
Sheer stress can cause blood particles to become viscous, leading to arterial blockages.
Sheer terror has a way of overcoming most anything.
Sheer throughput is only one measuring stick for the devices, though.
Sheer volume can overwhelm the newcomer.
Sheer volume counts.
Sheer volume goes a long way to answering the first and restricted access answers the second.
Sheer volume helps to cover up their fuzzy sound.
Sheer volume is another problem confronting archivists of electronic documents.
Sheer volume is one consideration, but it's balanced by the chance to explore alternate paths.
Sheer volume remains the primary problem, however.
Sheer volume seems to reduce the significance of our decisions.
Sheer walls drop off both sides for hundreds of feet.
Sheer weariness causes more trouble in the world than it ever gets blamed for.
Sheet cakes are available yellow and chocolate cake.
Sheet cakes can be custom designed for any occasion.
Sheet erosion is barely detectable in the short term because it is a gradual process.
Sheet erosion is defined as a combination of splash erosion and overland flow.
Sheet erosion is defined as the uniform removal of soil in thin layers from sloping land.
Sheet erosion is the movement of soil from raindrop splash and runoff water.
Sheet erosion is the overland transport of sediment by runoff without a well defined channel.
Sheet erosion is the uniform removal of soil without the development of visible water channels.
Sheet erosion is uniform loss of soil from the surface.
Sheet erosion is very insidious.
Sheet erosion occurs on the surface of soils where wind and water erosion come heavily into play.
Sheet film behaves similarly to the plates and rolls are again much longer-lived.
Sheet film has to be held in place by a film holder.
Sheet film is identified by notches cut into one of the shorter sides.
Sheet film requires tray processing for more even development.
Sheet films are easier to use for solarization than roll films.
Sheet lightning appears as an illumination of a portion of the sky.
Sheet lightning appears as flashes of light that seem to light up or illuminate entire clouds.
Sheet metal dies Powered die takeout and storage system.
Sheet metal has no specific thickness.
Sheet metal is A. soft steel sheets that are covered with zinc.
Sheet metal is an artifact
Sheet metal is just that - a flat sheet of metal.
Sheet metal is like new.
Sheet metal is nice and straight.
Sheet metal is sheets.
Sheet metal is usually electroplate.
Sheet metal is very expensive and hard to find used.
Sheet metal is very thick, shape is very rounded.
Sheet metal seems expensive, but apparently it is everywhere.
All sheet metal is straight.
Most sheet metal is good.
Most sheet metal is in good to excellent condition.
Sheet mulches covered with decorative mulches are a good combination.
Sheet music exists.
Sheet music is a piece
Sheet music is also available.
Sheet music is available for high voice, as well as for alto voice.
Sheet music is available for some.
Sheet music is available for the drums.
Sheet music is available, scored for multiple parts for each of the songs.
Sheet music is available.
Sheet music is duplicated, collated and packaged in sets of six per quarter.
Sheet music is generated from a wide range of sources.
Sheet music is included .
Sheet music is included with the finished play.
Sheet music is musical compositions.
Sheet music is offered on-line by other companies.
Sheet music is provided with a deposit to guarantee it's return to the Chorus.
Sheet music is relatively inexpensive.
Sheet music is requested for the pianist, but tapes, CDs and mini discs can be catered for.
Sheet music is supplied to participants at each meeting.
Sheet music is unavailable.
Sheet music is written representation of music.
All sheet music are in pdf format.
All sheet music is written in standard staff notation.
Some sheet music is also available for the better known themes.
Sheet of paper is paper
Sheets of paper can serve as placards.
Every sheet of paper is a little sketch-book waiting to happen.
Some sheet pans cover with foil.
Some sheet pans cover with tin foil.
Sheet protectors are available in vinyl, mylar, and styrene.
Sheet protectors have an extra hinge, to allow pages to lay flat even after filled with photos.
Sheet rock covers wood beams to make up the walls.
Sheet rock follows the plumbing work.
A sheet is space
Sheet bend An ideal way of joining two ropes.
Sheet block forward to the pad-eye for the guy, which gives a better lead to the winch in a breeze.
Sheet cakes representing all our dens.
Sheet converting is the last stage of papermaking.
Sheet extrudate can be double or triple layers.
Sheet features cursor measurements and annotation capabilities.
Sheet features cursor measurements, alarm control, and annotation capabilities.
Sheet flows form at much higher eruption rates than pillow flows.
Sheet goes transparent.
Sheet having mixed black and white background with patchy text can be low developer bias voltage.
Sheet ingot is cast in huge slabs, then cut to length on a large band saw.
Sheet is a subclass of psionData.
Sheet is complete and never been folded, stamps in mint condition.
Sheet is even thickness throughout.
Sheet is sterilized.
Sheet isa shape.
Sheet lead flashing over the window heads conformed easily to the curved jamb.
Sheet lead from roof.
Sheet lie Sound of either minute with either police.
Sheet mulching begins with picking a suitable site.
Sheet mulching is a gardening technique that suppresses weeds and builds fertile soil.
Sheet passes between both stands twice for a total of four reductions.
Sheet piling and open cutting are the alternatives under consideration.
Sheet piling, bulkheads, and riprap can effectively protect stream banks from burrowing nutria.
Sheet racks Roll-out sheet racks and rack systems for storing sheet metal and flat steel products.
Sheet refuse beside the straw because seize badminton shoes.
Sheet rocking in the existing building is complete, and interior plaster repair is nearly finished.
Sheet rolling can import directional strength and cross rolling makes properties more uniform.
Sheet seize above the straw because recommends badminton equipment shuttlecocks yonex.
Sheet seize above the straw because recommends badminton yonex.
Sheet win Case of most sand against whatever education.
Sheets also throws a hard curveball and a decent changeup.
Sheets also wants the university to offer more classes centered around African-American history.
Sheets are a good idea.
Sheets are a great alternative to expensive window treatments.
Sheets are a very nice improvement to the interface, and are long overdue.
Sheets are appropriate for middle and high school students.
Sheets are artifacts.
Sheets are available for beginners, intermediate and advanced.
Sheets are available for every country of the world.
Sheets are available in a full range of sizes and are treated for corrosion resistance.
Sheets are available in standard precut sizes or in rolls.
Sheets are available in transparent, translucent, and opaque colors.
Sheets are available on a wide variety of topics.
Sheets are bed linen.
Sheets are best because they breathe.
Sheets are convenient and easy to use, and are scented as well as anti static.
Sheets are corner notched for convenient processing.
Sheets are cotton or poly-cotton.
Sheets are cut in the entire wide range of density.
Sheets are double-sided.
Sheets are downloadable as a whole or individually.
Sheets are embroidered, towels are terrycloth, and each bathroom has a hair drier.
Sheets are extra long.
Sheets are flannel or cotton as preferred.
Sheets are formed under pressure and heat .
Sheets are formed under pressure and heat.
Sheets are gray.
Sheets are great, both new and used.
Sheets are in .PDF format.
Sheets are in a double-sided format but the numbering has no clear logic to the sequence.
Sheets are in pdf format.
Sheets are is formulated for edge lighting on one or two sides using flourescent tubes.
Sheets are lines used to tension sails.
Sheets are lines.
Sheets are located in bedrooms.
Sheets are located in drawers.
Sheets are located in hotels.
Sheets are loft dried and later humidified and flattened unless noted otherwise.
Sheets are made of cotton.
Sheets are paper.
Sheets are part of ships.
Sheets are professionally center seamed.
Sheets are quite fluid .
Sheets are serial numbered in the bottom right selvedge.
Sheets are silk and upholstery is damask, linen or silk.
Sheets are smooths.
Sheets are sometimes cold rolled again to increase strength and hardness.
Sheets are to be handled with care.
Sheets are to be pinned and cold mix placed on edges.
Sheets are to be stapled to prevent misplacement.
Sheets are to be taken home and signed by guardian.
Sheets are translucent in appearance and appear to slide out from underneath the window title.
Sheets are used for beds.
Sheets are used for sleeping.
Sheets are white.
Sheets are wonderful, and there are some great prints to work with.
Sheets Call for estimates on new Websites or site makeovers.
Sheets can be single or double sided.
Sheets can be worksheets, dialog sheets, charts, macros, or visual basic modules.
Sheets can collapse to small streams that cut tiny channels called rills .
Sheets come in a large variety of patterns and designs and colors.
Sheets cover all of Europe, N Africa, and the Far East.
Sheets does an excellent job at explaining the necessity and the whys of prayer.
Sheets dough to a uniform thickness in seconds.
Sheets dough to uniform thickness in seconds.
Sheets duplicate the information that is shipped with the drugs.
Sheets explains the nuts and bolts of prayer with wisdom, gentleness and humor.
Sheets explains the nuts and bolts of prayer, with wisdom, gentleness and humor.
Sheets feed automatically from paper tray.
Sheets feel cool in the summer and warm in the winter.
Sheets feel wonderfully cool to the skin and are easy to wash.
Sheets fits the bill.
Sheets is a nurse and massage therapist.
Sheets is our organizational leader.
Sheets issued under new numbers are to be designated as original sheets.
Sheets just keeps getting better and better.
Sheets keep window-specific dialogs attached to their window.
Sheets Learn about a variety of labor issues and contract articles.
Sheets make it easy to prepare plots and very easy to do on-screen presentations for clients.
Sheets Offers travel warnings and public announcements regarding foreign travel.
Sheets pick up on beautiful fleur de leigh design.
Sheets plans to pursue a degree in architectural engineering.
Sheets provide a lot of fabric at a reasonable cost.
Sheets provide step by step instructions.
Sheets raises important issues regarding the appropriate role of Whites in multicultural education.
Sheets refers to single sheets of paper.
Sheets serve the same purpose.
Sheets slides in from the top.
Sheets stay on.
Sheets tend to be either all parallel or all antiparallel, but mixed sheets do occur.
Sheets travel with the window they modify without preventing users from accessing other windows.
Sheets writes a complete guide to investing in real estate with no money down.
Sheets often have a strip of paper around the edge, called selvage.
All sheet are also available in separate packs.
All sheets are available on-line, but are restricted to authorised users only.
All sheets are complete with a clear English instructionsheet.
All sheets are first quality.
All sheets are generous in size, and specialty items can be made to order.
All sheets are lightly age toned.
All sheets are quickly accessible from the cockpit.
All sheets are self-correcting.
All sheets are subject to prior sale.
All sheets have the same questions.
Every sheet contains examples and information to help pupils in their learning.
Every sheet has four genuine deckle edges.
Every sheet is unique.
Every sheet looks just like every other sheet.
Many sheets contain title or untitled drafts of additional poems on verso.
Many sheets have accompanying text booklets.
Most sheets also contain information about the animal.
Most sheets are white on acetate.
Most sheets come with the option customizing the numbers to produce a particular cruiser.
Most sheets cover more than one quadrangle.
Some sheets are also available in French and Spanish.
Some sheets are also available in HTML format as noted.
Some sheets are available in other scales as a result of previous requests.
Some sheets are out of print and are available only as color microfiche copies.
Some sheets are three-quarters of an inch thick before pressing and drying.
Some sheets are well-documented, while others are poorly documented.
Some sheets compare heart disease incidence with other disease categories like cancer or accidents.
Some sheets have a separate short text.
Some sheets have color pictures.
Some sheets have two maps, either side by side or back to back.
Sheeted dykes occur near the top of an ophiolite complex where molten rock is intruded into cracks.
Sheeting are fabric.
Sheeting is driven in, and braces and wales are installed.
Sheeting is mechanical weathering due to the growth of mineral like clay.
Sheeting is when the water on the lens slides straight off in one piece.
Sheetmetal siding is marred with holes and rust.
A sheikh is a ruler
Sheikhs wear a cylindrical beret made of woven vegetable fibre net.
A shekel is an unit
Shekels have shackles.
Sheldrake Lake has a much higher phosphate level than any of the other lakes sampled.
A sheldrake is a duck
Sheldrake has support among dog lovers, though.
Sheldrake postulates the malleability of collective potential and the stability of individual form.
Sheldrake prefers teleological to mechanistic models of reality.
Sheldrake suggests that the process is one of resonance, like tuning in a radio station.
Sheldrakes are ducks.
A shelduck is a sheldrake
Shelducks also dabble in shallow waters in search of aquatic invertebrates and submerged vegetation.
Shelducks are birds.
Shelducks are sheldrakes.
Shelducks are the most evolutionary primitive of the ducks.
Shelducks tend to feed on molluscs and crustaceans from shallow water.
Shelf bras are good for large busts, as are wide straps.
Shelf cloud approaches.
Shelf cloud passes and roars to the south.
Some shelf clouds form at edges.
Shelf companies are also available.
Shelf companies are available for Panama only.
Shelf companies are available in almost all jurisdictions.
Shelf companies are, however, readily available and can be operational within twenty four hours.
Some shelf fungi cause diarrhea.
A shelf fungus is a fungus
Shelf fungi are common causes of wood decomposition, and parasitic species often kill living trees.
Shelf fungi belong to the same phylum as mushrooms.
Shelf fungus is a fungus that grows on the sides of trees.
Many shelf fungi are tree parasites that function later as saprobes after the trees die.
Some shelf fungi grow on dead trees.
Some shelf fungi grow on trees.
Shelf ice occurs when floating pieces of ice are driven by the wind piling up on the windward shore.
Shelf life begins at the time of shipment from the manufacturer.
Shelf life depends on the protein conjugated to the gold and the batch.
Shelf life depends on the storage temperature.
Shelf life depends.
Shelf life increases with refrigeration.
Shelf life is a period
Shelf life is an estimate based on our experience with similar media.
Shelf life is approximately one year when stored unmixed in a well sealed container.
Shelf life is approximately one year with exception of items with nuts, seeds, or dairy ingredients.
Shelf life is approximately one year.
Shelf life is approximately three months.
Shelf life is at least six months.
Shelf life is dependent upon packaging materials, handling and storage conditions.
Shelf life is different from 'expiration date'.
Shelf life is extremely important.
Shelf life is greater than one year,unopened.
Shelf life is greatest when storage conditions are cool, dry and out of direct sunlight.
Shelf life is guaranteed for one year.
Shelf life is improved and heat induced changes during shipping are eliminated.
Shelf life is indefinite.
Shelf life is indicated in parentheses.
Shelf life is is two years, sealed.
Shelf life is linked to food quality , expiration date to food safety .
Shelf life is linked to food quality, expiration date to food safety.
Shelf life is much greater than that of water-soluble inks.
Shelf life is much longer.
Shelf life is one year from date of manufacture unless otherwise specified.
Shelf life is one year if stored in a tightly sealed container.
Shelf life is one year.
Shelf life is only one year.
Shelf life is several months.
Shelf life is short for the old laminated diaphragms and other pump parts.
Shelf life is six months when stored unopened under the recommended conditions.
Shelf life is six months.
Shelf life is supposed to be less than a year and it's expensive.
Shelf life is the length of time that food can be stored .
Shelf life is the length of time that food can be stored.
Shelf life is the major factor and the fresher it is, the longer it can stay on the shelf.
Shelf life is three to five years for iodine and two years for halazone.
Shelf life is time periods.
Shelf life is two years if container is unopened.
Shelf life is two years.
Shelf life is unlimited under proper storage conditions.
Shelf life is up to two years.
Shelf life shortens at a dizzying rate.
Shelf life varies from product to product.
Shelf life varies, but look for expiration dates under six months.
Shelf lives are shorter.
A shelf is support
Shelf consider amid no humor after lives patriots jacket.
Shelf Get quick access to words, facts, and figures.
Shelf has pull out worksurface used for writing postcards, letters or use a lap top.
Shelf is adjustable to height of literature.
Shelf is flanged for maximum support and is reversible.
Shelf is grey laminate.
Shelf is self supporting.
Shelf is supported with leg at rear.
Shelf is very random, but common sense helps.
Shelf isa device.
Shelf lists no longer exist in all libraries in card form.
Shelf reads assigned areas of the collection.
Shelf reads to maintain order.
Shelf setting or changing is quick and easy.
Shelf spend despite no temperature before take sports.
Shelf think from a classroom therefore varies croquet mallet.
Shelf wear and fading to spine.
Shelf wear and shipping damage to low-cost books almost always prevent resale.
Shelf wear on the bottom of the book's spine.
Shelf wear only.
Shelf wear to binding, minor tears on d.j.
Shelf wear to covers.
Shelf wear to edges.
Shelf wear to extremities and corners.
Shelf wear to spine and corners, with some discoloration.
Shelf wear to spine and corners.
Shelf wear to spine and edges and corners, with some fading.
Shelf wear to spine edges and corners.
Shelf wear to spine.
Shelf wear with sl.
Shelf wear, remainder mark at foot.
Shelf weigh among few apparel - lingerie.
Shelfs are created by carpenters.
Shelfs are located in bathrooms.
Shelfs are located in bedrooms.
Shelfs are located in books.
Shelfs are located in bookstores.
Shelfs are located in cabinets.
Shelfs are located in closets.
Shelfs are located in corners.
Shelfs are located in cupboards.
Shelfs are located in garages.
Shelfs are located in houses.
Shelfs are located in libraries.
Shelfs are located in refrigerators.
Shelfs are located in rooms.
Shelfs are located in stores.
Shelfs are located in walls.
Shelfs are part of bookcases.
Shelfs are part of buffets.
Shelfs are part of cabinets.
Shelfs are part of closets.
Shelfs are part of grocery stores.
Shelfs are support.
Shelfs are used for books.
Shelfs are used for storage.
Shelves allow for display of small collectibles, books or framed prints.
Shelves are a good way to store toys.
Shelves are adequate for general dry chemicals.
Shelves are adjustable and finishes are optional.
Shelves are adjustable in one inch increments.
Shelves are an important means of displaying collections, especially in small spaces.
Shelves are available for storing books.
Shelves are available in a wide variety of sizes.
Shelves are available in letter, legal or x-ray size.
Shelves are bare.
Shelves are clear glass and the rounded top offers a classic look.
Shelves are excellent for items stored in boxes.
Shelves are flat slabs of special high-temperature materials on which ware is placed inside kilns.
Shelves are flat.
Shelves are full of manufacturers' parts catalogs and trade magazines.
Shelves are full of opera and classical music tapes and CDs.
Shelves are full with European and Cuban produced brands.
Shelves are full.
Shelves are great for personalizing the workstation.
Shelves are heavy with silver chalices.
Shelves are infinitely height-adjustable to allow for custom placement.
Shelves are lined with books, the mission chairs are comfy, and in cool weather, the fire is lit.
Shelves are modular in design.
Shelves are much more satisfying than toy boxes.
Shelves are only five high and easily scanned.
Shelves are realigned, shampoo is daubed off the floor.
Shelves are removable to accommodate occasional use of roll carts.
Shelves are solid pine.
Shelves are steel wire.
Shelves are still here.
Shelves are the answer.
Shelves are to be kept clean and free of dust.
Shelves are too tall for young children to reach.
Shelves are tough ABS plastic and are heat resistant.
Shelves bend with books.
Shelves can be flat mounted anywhere on the frame.
Shelves can be too high or too low and card catalogues can be very difficult to use.
Shelves can be very helpful if they are easily accessible.
Shelves can hold books and toys.
Shelves can take many forms.
Shelves come with leather-inlay to prevent slipping of CDs.
Shelves contain hundreds of plaster molds shaped like heads, feet, hands, and animals.
Shelves flip up for storage of earlier issues.
Shelves go all the way to the ceiling in the teepee for out of sight toy storage.
Shelves groan with dry and canned beans.
Shelves groan with forbidden books, bubbling potions, and other fun items.
Shelves hang over doorways, or stand towering in the centre of rooms.
Shelves have (part) sections.
Shelves hold assemblies or subassemblies on a shelf unit until they are needed.
Shelves keep books handy and take advantage of the otherwise unused space on an island's end.
Shelves line a wall of the living room.
Shelves line the space and con- tain hundreds of screenplays.
Shelves line the walls and are filled hundreds of books and rolled up scrolls.
Shelves line the walls, full of scrolls and more loose papers.
Shelves lining both sides of the cabinet provide ample space for books and stuffed animals.
Shelves locate firmly, quickly and easily with four clips.
Shelves look like the adjacent land.
Shelves make a great place to store a child's treasures.
Shelves move up and down in one-inch increments.
Shelves offer maximum utility while ingeniously suspended to blend with the desk.
Shelves operate easily with ball bearing glides.
Shelves project twelve inches at three feet above the water on the east and west walls.
Shelves provide storage space for waterers, feeders, etc.
Shelves rotate independently and are fully-adjustable for ideal shelf location.
Shelves rotate independently on posts and allow for infinite shelf position adjustments.
Shelves run behind both settees and there is storage underneath the seating.
Shelves run the full length of the cabin and are located just under the portholes.
Shelves securely lock in place.
Shelves separate the worktables along the back wall from the play area to the right.
Shelves slide out of tracks on side rack, and side racks lift off pegs.
Shelves snap onto the wall first.
Shelves swing out independently.
All shelves accommodate a second plug-in power supply for redendancy.
All shelves are adjustable including the middle one.
All shelves are adjustable, sitting on a sawtooth system.
All shelves are adjustable.
All shelves are custom built from mahogany wood for a rich appeal.
All shelves are to have four independently adjustable clips.
All shelves have a safety retaining lip.
All shelves have one superior side.
All shelves hold standard bus tubs.
Most shelf follow repeatedly, as that thief near an information learnt.
Some shelf wear to spine and corners.
Some shelf wear, otherwise very good.
Some shelf wear.
Some shelves are adjustable as well as removable.
Some shelves are part of bathrooms.
Some shelves are part of bookcases.
Some shelves are part of cabinets.
Some shelves are part of groceries.
Some shelves are part of hypermarkets.
Some shelves are part of supermarkets.
Some shelves have a shelf railing to prevent items from falling off.
Some shelves have light.
Shell access is available upon request.
Shell access is available.
Shell access is granted on a case by case basis.
Shell access is teletype only.
Shell accounts are available only by arrangement.
Shell accounts are kind of like hacker training wheels.
Shell accounts are limited to text display.
Shell accounts are menu driven session on a host computer.
Shell accounts provide standard text-only service based on Lynx.
All shell accounts come with an expiration date.
Shell banks are banks with no physical presence, oftentimes no staff, and no real regulation.
Shell Beach is a clean, small, comfortable motel style property.
Shell Beach is a favorite location for beachcombing and tidepooling.
Shell Beach is also home to the brilliant Scarlet Ibis.
Shell Beach is another mile and a half north.
Shell Beach is now misnamed.
Shell Beach is popular for families with kids as it has little surf, and lots of tide pools.
Shell clams live over years.
All shell collectors know how priceless the gifts.
Shell color depends on the breed of the hen.
Shell color is determined by the breeds of hens.
Shell color is genetic, and the genes responsible are known.
Shell color is yellowish to green or light brown.
Shell color varies according to harvest location.
Shell companies are available for instant use.
Shell companies are fraud.
Shell companies have their own identities.
Many shell companies have what is known as a tax-loss carryforward.
Shell expressions are similar to regular expressions, though are more limited.
Shell fish has too much cholesterol.
Shell folders can have children.
Shell fragments are also apparent throughout the thin section.
Shell fragments are to the right of the egg.
Shell fragments are visible in the upper center.
Shell glands secrete substances.
Shell growth is primarily in a posterior direction.
Shell growth is similar to that in other molluscs and is described below.
Shell guard is silver, no hallmark and is a separate piece set in with four pins.
Shell languages are too platform specific.
Shell mapping is a new feature that requires complex computation.
Shell material is brass plated cast metal with copper tip.
Shell membranes consist of fibrous materials.
Shell membranes consist of materials.
Most shell membranes consist of fibrous materials.
Most shell membranes consist of materials.
Shell money is the handiest and is met as necklaces everywhere on both men and women.
Many shell mounds remain along the river.
Shell oil is available.
Shell penetrations are more than adequate, both in size and quantity.
Shell quality is of prime importance to both breeder and layer flocks.
Many shell scripts involve copying, moving, or removing files.
A shell shock is anxiety disorder
Shell shock is a psychological adjustment reaction to stressful wartime experiences.
Shell shock is real in the hunter and the hunted.
Shell side can be steam or mechanically cleaned.
Shell stock means raw, in-shell molluscan shellfish.
Shell structures have features.
Shell structures have useful features.
Most shell structures have useful features.
Shell styles are available in standard, environmentally sealed, or vacuum-sealed versions.
Shell temper predominates in coastal settings and mineral temper is used exclusively in the uplands.
Shell temperatures are very comfortable and air flow through the upper air intake is excellent.
Shell thickness is also related to egg size which, in turn, is related to the hen's age.
All shell variables are of the same type and can hold numbers or text.
Shell weight varies more than the other two.
A shell is ammunition
Shell accounts available.
Shell accounts avaliable.
Shell accounts cost and website hosting costs.
Shell accounts for just over half of Nigeria's total production.
Shell accounts with telnet only.
Shell arrowhead with turquoise offering.
Shell commands with long name options.
Shell isa covering.
Shell loops inside pockets.
Shells accumulate on the ocean floor after the organisms die.
Shells accumulate on the ocean floor when the organisms die.
Shells act as shelter.
Shells act as temporary shelter.
Shells alone draw out flat or inverted nipples.
Shells also look good when covering the top of a wooden tissue box for use in the bathroom.
Shells also offer a simple interface to running and controlling processes.
Shells also serves as the main dining room for breakfast.
Shells also vary by species in size, thickness, color, shape, and texture.
Shells are a high source of calcium and beneficial to the soil.
Shells are a hollow iron ball filled with blackpowder and fitted with a fuse.
Shells are a little higher than race, for more stability and support.
Shells are also available.
Shells are ammunition.
Shells are an indicator that the mussels exist in the system.
Shells are areas that surround the center of an atom.
Shells are available at the lodge.
Shells are covering.
Shells are divided into chambers, made up organic compounds.
Shells are extremely durable, offering strength and value.
Shells are flat, with little cup.
Shells are great for automating routine chores.
Shells are housing.
Shells are hulls.
Shells are just a part of our big service supply.
Shells are just pieces of software like any other components of the operating system.
Shells are located in oceans.
Shells are located in sea.
Shells are located in water.
Shells are made of calcium.
Shells are made of silica.
Shells are many different shapes, sizes, and colours.
Shells are now a source of lime.
Shells are often thick, and sometimes ornamented with concentric growth lines.
Shells are oil companies.
Shells are pale pink, lavendar, green and white.
Shells are part of eggs.
Shells are part of grandfather clocks.
Shells are parts.
Shells are prized because of their inner, iridescent layer.
Shells are rich in upper harmonics for enhanced presence.
Shells are rudimentary or absent in most cephalopods.
Shells are skeletons.
Shells are smooth, light greenish or grayish buff, sometimes nearly white.
Shells are sometimes hairy on the outside.
Shells are temporary structures.
Shells are the hard coverings of the creature that lived inside.
Shells are thick and generally bowl shaped.
Shells are thin and kernels are clean and well developed.
Shells are trash.
Shells are under the kitchen counter.
Shells are very hard, dotted with numerous widely-spaced pores.
Shells are very popular decorations for humans.
Shells are washable.
Shells are widgets whose main purpose is to communicate with the window manager.
Shells are wonderful for automating routine chores.
Shells batter down the walls there and machine gun fire rakes the wards.
Shells break outward from the kernel yielding chunks instead of bits.
Shells can be flat or domed.
Shells can be stainless steel or hard anodized aluminum.
Shells can decorate an aquarium, make fun napkin rings or large shells make beautiful paper weights.
Shells can make interesting eyes or ears.
Shells can range in size from a one-person boat to one carrying eight rowers.
Shells collected by isabel and left at the entrance to the main tent are still there in place.
Shells come from China, Italy, U.S. and Japan.
Shells come from China, Italy, U.S.A., Japan.
Shells come from snails.
Shells come in a variety of shapes, including round, elongate, oval, or tear-drop shaped.
Shells come in various shades and colors and are mostly protective.
Shells come to rest On the blanket of sand at the shore.
Shells Consider the specimens and drawings of mollusks, brachiopods and barnacles.
Shells consist of apatite-cemented quartzose silt and sand.
Shells consist of layers.
Shells consist of several layers.
Shells contain calcium.
Shells contain certain substances.
Shells contain iron oxide.
Shells contain oxide.
Shells contain substances.
Shells contain yellow iron oxide.
Shells contain yellow oxide.
Shells contribute largely to household implements.
Shells cover the beaches, especially after a storm.
Shells cover with layers.
Shells crack open to reveal six egg-stra special coloured chicks.
Shells crash through rigging and hulls.
Shells explode near.
Shells explode sending bodies and equipment flying though the air.
Shells form spirals.
Shells go on the floor.
Shells grow with the organisms, extending out from the hinge area.
Shells have (part) corpi.
Shells have (part) sections.
Shells have a blood and nerve supply, so bleeding and pain can result if the shell is injured.
Shells have a broad appeal in the worlds of art and science.
Shells have aperture.
Shells have characteristics.
Shells have holes.
Shells have large aperture.
Shells have layers.
Shells have many different shapes, sizes, and colours.
Shells have oval shapes.
Shells have ridges.
Shells have shapes.
Shells have simple structure with apex and aperture at the two ends.
Shells have softer and more subdued interference colors because of multiple-layer interference.
Shells have spectral energy distributions characteristic of starlight.
Shells interpret scripts a little bit at a time.
Shells join a foamy crest to soak the sand.
Shells live on seaweed, on coral holdfasts, under rocks, buried in the roots of undersea grass beds.
Shells look better than stamps on a shelf.
Shells make a great addition to soups or as the base of a wonderful salad.
Shells make decks, patios and lawns unsightly.
Shells make everything between quotes a single argument.
Shells make wonderful natural decorations.
Shells offer low weight and outstanding tone.
Shells offer protection.
Shells offer strength, value and enhanced presence.
Shells protect animals.
Shells protect clams.
Shells protect tortoises.
Shells provide effective protection.
Shells provide protection.
Shells range from flat on the Atlantic to oblong and deep cupped in the gulf.
Shells retain their original calcite or aragonite.
Shells ricochet harmlessly off the target.
Shells scream overhead.
Shells serve as protection.
Shells serve functions.
Shells serve protective functions.
Shells serve vital functions.
Shells serve vital protective functions.
Shells treat a lot of special characters, called meta-characters as special representations of data.
Shells use it to run the commands that users type.
Shells vary in color from black to brown.
Shells whistle over the camp from all directions.
Shells work here.
Shells often have complex features such as spines, ribs, cords and grooves.
Shells usually constitute the major part of professional fireworks displays.
Shells usually have if and for statements but no data types or data structures.
Shells usually have the shape of a cylinder but taper towards the front end to form a point .
Shells usually have the shape of a cylinder but taper towards the front end to form a point.
All shells are very carefully packed.
All shells come with full data unless otherwise noted.
All shells come with full geographic data, including the name of the collector and date collected.
All shells handle command lines in the same manner.
All shells have a number of built-in commands which are executed in the shell's own process.
All shells use the concept of metacharacters .
Every shell is a full on hydrogen bomb.
Every shell uses the absolute highest-quality raw materials.
Many shells also display intriguing decorative patterns on their surface.
Many shells have many more functions than mentioned above.
Many shells implement it as a script.
Most shells act as shelter.
Most shells act as temporary shelter.
Most shells are empty, the discarded houses of various water creatures.
Most shells are made of calcium.
Most shells are made of silica.
Most shells are ready to be lowered into the guns by the wire.
Most shells can access database records, call graphics files, and be embedded in larger programs.
Most shells come from snails.
Most shells consist of layers.
Most shells consist of several layers.
Most shells contain calcium.
Most shells contain certain substances.
Most shells contain iron oxide.
Most shells contain oxide.
Most shells contain substances.
Most shells contain yellow iron oxide.
Most shells contain yellow oxide.
Most shells cover with layers.
Most shells have a conical or oval shape.
Most shells have an extensive peripheral overhang but some specimens have almost no overhang.
Most shells have aperture.
Most shells have characteristics.
Most shells have holes.
Most shells have large aperture.
Most shells have layers.
Most shells have only one child, and they maintain the same size and position as the child.
Most shells have oval shapes.
Most shells have ridges.
Most shells have shapes.
Most shells have their own built-in versions of commands to list and set environment variables.
Most shells have their own version of the test command built-in.
Most shells offer protection.
Most shells protect animals.
Most shells protect clams.
Most shells protect tortoises.
Most shells provide effective protection.
Most shells provide protection.
Most shells serve as protection.
Most shells serve functions.
Most shells serve protective functions.
Most shells serve vital functions.
Most shells serve vital protective functions.
Most shells use rule-sets to encode the expertise.
Some shell scripts use temporary files.
Some shells act like mirrors.
Some shells affect growth.
Some shells are a major source of calcium for some birds.
Some shells are closed by muscles.
Some shells are made of chitin.
Some shells are made of silicon.
Some shells are part of ants.
Some shells are part of aphids.
Some shells are part of arthropods.
Some shells are part of barnacles.
Some shells are part of bees.
Some shells are part of beetles.
Some shells are part of bivalves.
Some shells are part of blowflies.
Some shells are part of bugs.
Some shells are part of butterflies.
Some shells are part of capsids.
Some shells are part of centipedes.
Some shells are part of chrysalises.
Some shells are part of cicadas.
Some shells are part of clams.
Some shells are part of cockroaches.
Some shells are part of crabs.
Some shells are part of crickets.
Some shells are part of cuttlefishs.
Some shells are part of decapods.
Some shells are part of dragonflies.
Some shells are part of drones.
Some shells are part of earwigs.
Some shells are part of emperors.
Some shells are part of fireflies.
Some shells are part of fleas.
Some shells are part of gastropods.
Some shells are part of goldeneyes.
Some shells are part of grasshoppers.
Some shells are part of hawksbills.
Some shells are part of honeybees.
Some shells are part of hornets.
Some shells are part of horseflies.
Some shells are part of houseflies.
Some shells are part of insects.
Some shells are part of katydids.
Some shells are part of krill.
Some shells are part of ladybirds.
Some shells are part of ladybugs.
Some shells are part of leafhoppers.
Some shells are part of leatherbacks.
Some shells are part of lice.
Some shells are part of lobsters.
Some shells are part of locusts.
Some shells are part of mantises.
Some shells are part of mayflies.
Some shells are part of midges.
Some shells are part of millepedes.
Some shells are part of millipedes.
Some shells are part of mites.
Some shells are part of molluscs.
Some shells are part of mollusks.
Some shells are part of mosquitoes.
Some shells are part of moths.
Some shells are part of oysters.
Some shells are part of peacocks.
Some shells are part of phasmids.
Some shells are part of plankton.
Some shells are part of pollinators.
Some shells are part of pupas.
Some shells are part of queens.
Some shells are part of ridleys.
Some shells are part of scorpions.
Some shells are part of silverfishs.
Some shells are part of slugs.
Some shells are part of snails.
Some shells are part of spiders.
Some shells are part of springtails.
Some shells are part of squids.
Some shells are part of tarantulas.
Some shells are part of termites.
Some shells are part of terrapins.
Some shells are part of tortoises.
Some shells are part of treehoppers.
Some shells are part of trilobites.
Some shells are part of turtles.
Some shells are part of wasps.
Some shells are part of weevils.
Some shells are part of winkles.
Some shells are part of woodlouses.
Some shells are rod-shaped, some are spheres.
Some shells can get themselves confused when the hash table gets out of sync with the executables.
Some shells consist of carapaces.
Some shells consist of dorsal carapaces.
Some shells consist of heads.
Some shells consist of hinge sides.
Some shells consist of plates.
Some shells consist of sides.
Some shells consist of valves.
Some shells contain crabs.
Some shells contain fungal toxins.
Some shells contain gelatin.
Some shells contain hermit crabs.
Some shells contain live mussels.
Some shells contain mussels.
Some shells contain pigments which are incorporated into the structure.
Some shells contain seeds.
Some shells cover heads.
Some shells even float throughout their entire lives on a raft of bubbles.
Some shells fill with fluid.
Some shells fill with food.
Some shells fill with nutritive fluid.
Some shells form a kind of cement and cement themselves to hard objects.
Some shells have a built-in facility to check folders for new mail.
Some shells have ability.
Some shells have appearances.
Some shells have black stripes.
Some shells have chambers.
Some shells have gases.
Some shells have legs.
Some shells have more built-in commands than others.
Some shells have more elaborate prompts that include the terminal name, directory name, etc.
Some shells have muscle scars.
Some shells have outer tissue.
Some shells have patterns.
Some shells have power.
Some shells have purple scars.
Some shells have remarkable ability.
Some shells have scars.
Some shells have small slits.
Some shells have spires.
Some shells have stripes.
Some shells have tissue.
Some shells help animals.
Some shells look like armor.
Some shells overshot the target area and landed in the park.
Some shells protect larvae.
Some shells protect mollusks.
Some shells protect small snails.
Some shells protect snails.
Some shells provide shelter.
Some shells pump water.
Some shells remain despite salvage of cargo.
Some shells resemble bones.
Some shells retain water.
Some shells surround cores.
Some shells surround nuclei.
Some shells surround seeds.
Some shells used in cooking are available in specialty stores that sell cooking implements.
Shellac is lac
All shellacs imbue some bit of color to wood.
Shellbluff soils have a fine-silty particle size control section.
Shelled corn is a high energy concentrate, while soybean meal is a high protein concentrate.
Shelled corn is an inexpensive way to supplement energy in a ewe s diet.
Most shelled gastropods have one pieces of shell.
Shelled kernels deteriorate rather quickly unless kept in vacuum-sealed jars.
Shelled nuts are available year-round near the baking supplies.
Shelled nuts are great as snacks or in rice pilafs.
Shelled peas are also of excellent quality.
Shelled peanuts are generally available in prepackaged containers as well as bulk bins.
Shelled pecans absorb odors and turn rancid quickly.
Shelled pecans can keep six months in the freezer.
Shelled sorghum is dried for two weeks before storage.
A sheller is a worker
Sheller is always ready to adopt latest techniques and to improve the quality through innovation.
Sheller is determined to serve better in the years to come.
Shellfish allergies cause reaction.
Shellfish allergies cause severe reaction.
Shellfish allergy is one of the more common true food allergies.
Most shellfish allergies cause reaction.
Most shellfish allergies cause severe reaction.
Some shellfish allergies have life.
Shellfish ban begins.
Most shellfish farms are family-owned and operated companies.
Shellfish favourites are crab, prawns, lobster and scallops.
Shellfish gathering is a grand tradition on the marine waterways of Washington.
Shellfish harvesters dig, sort, clean and transport shellfish.
Shellfish harvesters require a commercial fishing licence.
Shellfish harvesting is a popular activity outside the designated area.
Shellfish harvesting is regulated in Florida.
Some shellfish poison is caused by eat shellfishes.
Some shellfish poison is caused by shellfishes.
Shellfish poisoning is another common manifestation resulting from red tides.
Some shellfish poisoning occurs in summer.
Shellfish production needs to be moved to an advocacy ministry such as agriculture.
Shellfish seed is put in the mesh bags or plastic boxes and sometimes placed on a rack.
Shellfish starters are outstanding.
Shellfish waters are still closed.
A shellfish is seafood
Shellfish are a far less dramatic prey but still an important part of the leopard seal's diet.
Shellfish are a gourmet's delight.
Shellfish are also risky as they filter contaminants out of the water in which they live.
Shellfish are also wonderfully prepared here.
Shellfish are an excellent source of zinc.
Shellfish are bottom feeders and unclean.
Shellfish are by no means confined to salty habitat, however.
Shellfish are dangerous to collect and eat during the summer months.
Shellfish are fairly resistant to it, but some are susceptible.
Shellfish are filter feeders.
Shellfish are just biological filters, and retain whatever happens to be in the water.
Shellfish are notorious for concentrating viruses in fecally contaminated waters.
Shellfish are one of the few protein sources that can deliver good taste and good health.
Shellfish are particularly suitable for steaming and produce a delicious broth.
Shellfish are prone to contamination because they filter microscopic foods in the water.
Shellfish are susceptible to toxins because they are filter feeders.
Shellfish are very low in fat.
Shellfish carry inherent sweetness, as well as umami richness.
Shellfish carry toxic levels of lead, cadmium, arsenic and other heavy metals.
Shellfish eat the toxic plankton and accumulate the poison in their gills.
Shellfish have little saturated fat.
Shellfish have no head, but they nevertheless lead a complex life.
Shellfish have relatively high cholesterol contents, and eel and fish roe are fatty.
Shellfish isa seafood.
Shellfish known as coques , 'the poor man's oyster', are popular too.
Shellfish taken from a red tide area can contain a toxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning.
Shellfish taken in coastal waters include crabs, shrimp, and abalones.
Shellfishes contain bacteria.
Shellfishes have definition.
Shellfishes have english definition.
Shellfishs are aquatic organisms.
Shellfishs are invertebrates.
Shellfishs are located in sea.
Shellfishs are part of mollusks.
Shellfishs are seafood.
Shellfish often accumulate contaminants from the environment.
Shellfish often sit in polluted estuaries where rivers and oceans meet.
All shellfish are lean.
All shellfish have some carbohydrate in the form of glycogen.
All shellfish is treyfah.
Many shellfish also provide a delicious, sustainable alternative to fish.
Most shellfish also has carbs.
Most shellfish are smaller and more delicate than fish and usually cook faster.
Most shellfish are very high in cholesterol.
Most shellfishes contain bacteria.
Most shellfishes have definition.
Most shellfishes have english definition.
Some shellfish are more susceptible to certain contaminants than others.
Some shellfishes are part of bivalves.
Some shellfishes are part of cuttlefishs.
Some shellfishes are part of gastropods.
Some shellfishes are part of molluscs.
Some shellfishes are part of mollusks.
Some shellfishes are part of slugs.
Some shellfishes are part of snails.
Some shellfishes are part of squids.
Some shellfishes are part of winkles.
Some shellfishes contaminate with acid.
Some shellfishes contaminate with toxins.
Some shellfishes have feet.
Some shellfishes have muscular feet.
Some shellfishes have strong muscular feet.
Some shellfishes help health.
Shellings are attacks.
Shellite stoves are the best stoves to use.
Shelsley climb is a little motoring life-time, standing in it own grounds.
Shelter bedding is available in many types with perhaps a good grade, clean straw being the ideal.
Shelter demand varies tremendously between urban, suburban, and rural areas.
Some shelter dogs are a little bit rough around the edges.
Shelter frame is designed to yield under misdirected or abnormal pressure.
Shelter frame is rigid pressure-treated wood construction with a peaked header for drainage.
Shelter houses are available for group rentals at very reasonable rates.
Shelter Island boasts one of the largest works yards on the west coast of Canada.
Shelter Island is the perfect place to explore by bicycle.
Shelter Island is very pretty, great for a walk or a run.
Shelter Island welcomes do-it yourselfers.
Shelter knowledge guide future.
Shelter life can be quite challenging at times, with so many other cats around.
Shelter magazines extol traditionally furnished homes.
Shelter space is limited, and is usually available only to women at greatest risk.
Shelter space is scarce.
Shelter asserts both procedural error and errors in the application of substantive law.
Shelter becomes community beacon for homeless .
Shelter can also be in the form of nest boxes, or special roosting boxes.
Shelter can also provide nesting spots for birds to raise their young.
Shelter can be simple or elaborate.
Shelter can come in the form of evergreens, briars or thickets and trees with overhanging branches.
Shelter can range from enclosed sheds, partly enclosed shelters or sheltered tree clumps.
Shelter cares for and adopts animals.
Shelter contains insulate materials.
Shelter contains materials.
Shelter continues to be a major problem.
Shelter examines the causes of homelessness through moving interviews and portraits of the homeless.
Shelter gives practical housing advice and support online, in person and by phone.
Shelter gives soldiers safe area for medical care.
Shelter has (part) bases.
Shelter has (part) sections.
Shelter has mandatory adoption fee.
Shelter has specialist housing advisers based in prisons across England.
Shelter is a basic human requirement that needs to be met on a priority basis.
Shelter is a big concern for many goat producers.
Shelter is a big draw for rats under the house.
Shelter is a center for abused and neglected children.
Shelter is a confidential location.
Shelter is a countywide seasonal emergency shelter for the general population.
Shelter is a doorway, a park bench, a street trader's stall or railway platform.
Shelter is a good idea.
Shelter is a necessity in Minnesota winters.
Shelter is a safe place to live.
Shelter is a structure
Shelter is a very important part of a bear's habitat.
Shelter is about one mile on left.
Shelter is accessed by children and youth of all ages.
Shelter is also a consideration.
Shelter is also a halfway house for women recently released from prison.
Shelter is also a priority.
Shelter is also a very important element to a bobcat's living environment.
Shelter is also beneficial.
Shelter is always a problem.
Shelter is among the many things that street children in Ethiopia wish for.
Shelter is among the top three basic needs, the other two being food and water.
Shelter is an exciting new zombie card-dueling game.
Shelter is another obvious winter livestock management concern.
Shelter is another requirement for birds.
Shelter is another word for a place to live.
Shelter is available all year while funds are available.
Shelter is available in sizes large enough to cover a complete driveway.
Shelter is available in the event of inclement weather.
Shelter is beneficial.
Shelter is buildings.
Shelter is closed.
Shelter is context.
Shelter is critical for survival, but it also makes outdoor activities more enjoyable.
Shelter is essential for hot, sunny days during the warmer months.
Shelter is facilities.
Shelter is filled with the sights and sounds of homelessness.
Shelter is found in small caves or rocky dens.
Shelter is found in the thorns of the tree.
Shelter is good .
Shelter is good from northeast through northwest breezes, depending on where the hook goes down.
Shelter is good when it's cold and wet.
Shelter is handicap accessible.
Shelter is handicapped accessible for handicap parking and an adjacent walkway.
Shelter is here so that no one has to fight bad housing or homelessness on their own.
Shelter is housing.
Shelter is important as winter winds can cause needle yellowing and desiccation of whole trees.
Shelter is important.
Shelter is in poor shape, but still usable.
Shelter is just to the left on the road along the lakeshore.
Shelter is local organizations.
Shelter is located in bus stops.
Shelter is located in houses.
Shelter is located in trees.
Shelter is non-denominational.
Shelter is normally open Tues.
Shelter is on left.
Shelter is one block on left.
Shelter is one of the basic human needs along with food, water, and companionship.
Shelter is one of the basic needs required to keep people healthy and happy.
Shelter is one of the highest priorities of low-income households.
Shelter is only half the business.
Shelter is our best.
Shelter is out.
Shelter is planned and planted out, or built.
Shelter is protected by safety yellow steel guide protectors.
Shelter is protective covering.
Shelter is provided by planting vines, shrubs, or trees in the area.
Shelter is provided by treed areas, portable windbreak fences or nearby wintering facilities.
Shelter is provided for families, women, and children, with separate facilities for single men.
Shelter is provided for women who are driven out of job at a moment's notice.
Shelter is provided through apportionments.
Shelter is provided until a long-term plan can be arranged.
Shelter is provided until a plan can be arranged.
Shelter is recognised throughout the world as a basic human right.
Shelter is second only to figure drawing as a representational subject in children's art works.
Shelter is service organizations.
Shelter is simply a function of worship.
Shelter is structures.
Shelter is the absolute priority.
Shelter is the forth and final requirement for a habitat.
Shelter is the last building on the right.
Shelter is the UK's largest charity working with homeless and badly housed poeple.
Shelter is ultimately a very personal space and place.
Shelter is vital too, along with furniture.
Shelter is vital.
Shelter is wheelchair accessible.
Shelter is within a competition whether see badminton equipment shuttlecocks yonex.
Shelter isa structure.
Shelter kittens available for adoption.
Shelter means home.
Shelter means several things to a trout.
Shelter occurs in three days of real time made lapidary and circular.
Shelter overlooks lake and is shaded.
Shelter owns the Information.
Shelter plays very important role in raising Mallard ducks .
Shelter prefers friendly, open-minded volunteers.
Shelter protects animals from heat, rain, cold and enemies.
Shelter provides a competitive compensation and benefits package.
Shelter provides care.
Shelter provides foster care.
Shelter provides no safe haven from allergens, either.
Shelter provides shades.
Shelter provides temporary foster care.
Shelter provides transitional housing for up to six months for eight families at a time.
Shelter reduces drift by up to eight times compared with no shelter.
Shelter remains a major problem.
Shelter results any nice penny opposite fever.
Shelter says almost one in ten calls to their helpline come from men.
Shelter serves dual purposes.
Shelter serves purposes.
Shelter still Depth feel some cake over any excellent amerock.
Shelter takes place over the course of a few seasons in New York city.
Shelter takes the form of small lightweight tents of leather or sometimes grass huts.
Shelter uses technology.
Shelter wait down no mammals.
Shelter wait down no matches.
Shelters act as markers, making the trees easier to see.
Shelters also agree to provide various forms of support.
Shelters also have basic services like bathrooms, showers, laundry, clothes and meals.
Shelters also provide a place to rest or a picnic.
Shelters also provide an area for nesting.
Shelters are a last resort.
Shelters are already overcrowded so lost pets can only be kept a short period of time.
Shelters are also available in several of the outlying parks.
Shelters are an inexpensive means of purchasing a family companion, and one of best.
Shelters are available but are seeing very little activity.
Shelters are available by reservation, suitable for company picnics and family reunions.
Shelters are available for cookouts.
Shelters are available for family reunions, picnics or company outings.
Shelters are available for rent for a minimum of two hours.
Shelters are available for rental up to one year in advance.
Shelters are available on a reservation basis.
Shelters are available with picnic tables and BBQ areas.
Shelters are built and maintained by volunteers.
Shelters are busy during weekends at popular spots.
Shelters are designed to help stabilize emergency situations.
Shelters are for emergency use only.
Shelters are free of charge.
Shelters are full of older animals.
Shelters are full of pure-breds, exotic, declawed and cropped unwanted pets.
Shelters are full of unwanted domestic pets.
Shelters are important for lobsters, especially when they are small.
Shelters are in poor condition or non-existent.
Shelters are just one option, and they re very expensive, and only temporary.
Shelters are more cost-effective.
Shelters are noisy, crowded and have few comforts.
Shelters are non-profit.
Shelters are now in operation to help with acute situations until the problem is solved.
Shelters are often communal with as many tortoises as can fit in the space.
Shelters are often necessary.
Shelters are on a first come, first serve basis and there is no fee.
Shelters are on standby.
Shelters are open year round.
Shelters are open.
Shelters are operated by non-profit organizations, generally as group homes.
Shelters are over run with animals waiting to be adopted.
Shelters are popular gathering places for family reunions, picnics, and birthday parties.
Shelters are public facilities that are governed by local and state public health regulations.
Shelters are rentable by permit only.
Shelters are reservable up to a year in advance.
Shelters are residential facilities which provide temporary shelter for abuse victims.
Shelters are schools or other solidly constructed buildings that provide a large safe area.
Shelters are semi-enclosed and provide a dry waiting area out of the wind for passengers.
Shelters are smoke-free.
Shelters are still a public space.
Shelters are stuck with the heart-rending job of dealing with unwanted animals.
Shelters are subject to change.
Shelters are temporary, movable, and permanent structures.
Shelters are the place of last resort for lost and abandoned animals.
Shelters are the strongest psychological weapon.
Shelters are typically non-profit.
Shelters are unable to handle the large numbers of animals brought in.
Shelters are uncomfortable .
Shelters are unpleasant to visit, and even more so to sit in - almost unbearable.
Shelters are usually full.
Shelters attract rats, raccoons, and other vermin.
Shelters barns, sheds, etc.
Shelters become overcrowded, so they are forced to euthanize.
Shelters can also protect birds from harsh weather.
Shelters can always use some extra supplies.
Shelters can be a very scary place for animals.
Shelters can be chaotic and loud.
Shelters can be home during life's transitions.
Shelters can collect costs from owners if the owner reclaims the animal.
Shelters can house only a limited number of animals.
Shelters Click the banner below for fabulous treats and gifts.
Shelters come in all sizes and levels of convenience.
Shelters come in many forms.
Shelters compete for the homeless to justify their budgets.
Shelters complicate the tax code by forcing legislators to take remedial action.
Shelters currently have to hold strays for seven days.
Shelters deal primarily with crisis of an emergency nature.
Shelters differ in their needs and programs, but most welcome assistance.
Shelters face tough competition.
Shelters feature wheelchair accessible picnic tables.
Shelters generally offer a better chance at a good life for strays than they find on the streets.
Shelters give homeless people a place to feel safe and cared about.
Shelters give survivors of abuse and their children the space to heal.
Shelters go trough a lot of toys in a year because toys break while being used or sanitized.
Shelters have a community environment.
Shelters have a wide range of pure breeds as well as the lovable mutt.
Shelters have accessible restrooms, bargeque pits and individual parking lots.
Shelters have dogs and cats of just about every kind, size and shape and color available.
Shelters have dogs of all breeds, including purebred dogs.
Shelters have highly-trained and knowledgeable staff.
Shelters have limited budgets and staff.
Shelters have limited supplies.
Shelters have many pets coming and going daily whether by adoption or otherwise.
Shelters have picnic tables and grills on site.
Shelters have the sad task of killing unwanted animals.
Shelters have three sides, roof and floor and accomodate up to six people.
Shelters hire counselors as basic caretakers for residents.
Shelters house many victims of domestic violence at one time.
Shelters kill wolfdogs routinely.
Shelters limit the amount of time a family can stay to as little as two weeks.
Shelters link homeless persons to longer-term housing and supportive services.
Shelters look like any other house in the community.
Shelters offer minimal necessities.
Shelters offer protection and allow the abused person to hide from their abuser.
Shelters offer temporary housing for varying numbers of days.
Shelters offer women and children safety and guidance for the future.
Shelters provide a comfortable place for passengers to sit and wait for arriving buses.
Shelters provide a haven during a major family crisis.
Shelters provide a safe place for homeless people to sleep.
Shelters provide a warm safe place to stay but lack the comforts of home.
Shelters provide counseling for victims and their children.
Shelters provide evacuees with a place to sleep.
Shelters provide food, shelter, clothing and referral service in a supportive atmosphere.
Shelters provide food, shelter, clothing, and referral service in a supportive atmosphere.
Shelters provide support for victims of domestic violence.
Shelters provide temporary food and housing on a nightly basis.
Shelters provide temporary housing for homeless families, singles, and battered women.
Shelters receive heavy use.
Shelters receive new animals every day.
Shelters receive thousands and thousands of animals every year.
Shelters refuse aid, social workers react in confusion and fear.
Shelters require fees to care for the millions of animals abandoned each year.
Shelters see animals given up every day.
Shelters slower growing species.
Shelters take many forms, and allow wildlife to rest, escape, retreat and raise their young.
Shelters take many forms.
Shelters turn into zoos.
Shelters use conveniently located community latrines and bathhouses.
Shelters vary in application process too.
Shelters vary in size and amenities.
Shelters always have a wide variety of dogs and cats to choose from.
Shelters always have a wide variety of dogs to choose from.
Shelters frequently grant additional extensions, keeping precious emergency beds occupied.
Shelters frequently turn away many needing help.
Shelters often fill up.
Shelters often have a physical facility, with staff, and operating hours.
Shelters sometimes improvise by removing or adding additional tests to the routine.
Shelters usually have hooks or nails for hanging bags of food and equipment.
All shelters are along major evacuation routes.
All shelters are closed.
All shelters are near playgrounds, basketball and sand volleyball courts and restrooms facilities.
All shelters are on standby or closed.
All shelters are open free of charge to freeze plan participants.
All shelters are to be installed curbside in Vancouver.
All shelters have are adult dogs and cats.
All shelters have electricity, restroom facilities and drinking fountains.
All shelters have electricity, restrooms and drinking fountains.
All shelters have flame proof boots for stovepipes, electrical cables, and fuel lines.
All shelters have grill, picnic tables and access to restroom and playgrounds.
All shelters have grills for cooking.
All shelters have high turnovers.
All shelters have picnic tables, trash containers, water hydrants, and fire grills.
All shelters have water available at the shelter or close by.
All shelters require a mandatory alcohol permit.
All shelters take lost reports on missing animals in person.
Every shelter has different policies for placing animals.
Many shelters also make use of office dogs and even kitchen or laundry room dogs.
Many shelters also operate telephone support lines.
Many shelters charge much lower adoption fees for rabbits than for cats and dogs.
Many shelters do have preset assessment programs that are starting to sprout up.
Many shelters feature one or two internal drains.
Many shelters have the actual resources available for rent or purchase.
Many shelters hold strays only three days as required by law.
Many shelters now provide areas where pets and people can mingle without distractions.
Many shelters now require the microchip use as a condition of dog adoption.
Many shelters now sterilize dogs and cats when they are only two months old.
Many shelters offer free counseling or support groups to women coming out of violent relationships.
Many shelters offer post-adoption services.
Many shelters only allow people to eat three meals a week there.
Many shelters place ads listing found animals.
Many shelters place thermometers on or near the box or cage to monitor the temperature.
Many shelters require neutering before the cat can be adopted.
Many shelters require potential volunteers to attend a volunteer orientation prior to starting.
Most shelter contains insulate materials.
Most shelter contains materials.
Most shelter provides care.
Most shelter provides foster care.
Most shelter provides shades.
Most shelter provides temporary foster care.
Most shelter serves dual purposes.
Most shelter serves purposes.
Most shelter uses technology.
Most shelters accept cats and dogs, and some also accept birds, small mammals, and even horses.
Most shelters accept dogs and cats, and some also accept birds, small mammals, and even horses.
Most shelters are made of a nylon or polyester fabric.
Most shelters carry out additional community fund-raising to supplement shelter and client needs.
Most shelters destroy the majority of pets they impound.
Most shelters do an excellent job of behavior profiling and know which dogs are good with kids.
Most shelters don t accept pets, unless they re seeing-eye dogs.
Most shelters have a period of five days to allow owners to claim their pets.
Most shelters have bedrooms or dormitory-style quarters with bed platforms and foam mattresses.
Most shelters have grills, water, and are located near restroom facilities.
Most shelters have local rescue contacts.
Most shelters have no emergency power to plug in medical equipment.
Most shelters have the same minimum rules.
Most shelters however are made of wood.
Most shelters incorporate one or more of the following functions.
Most shelters keep a list of potential homes and their requirements.
Most shelters make every effort to screen animals for serious health and behavior problems.
Most shelters measure about seven feet wide by ten feet long and house seven people.
Most shelters offer residents a bed.
Most shelters recognize the importance of emotional abuse.
Some shelter has cracks.
Some shelter has food.
Some shelter possesses animals.
Some shelter possesses birds.
Some shelter provides safety.
Some shelter receives dogs.
Some shelters accept only men, others only women.
Some shelters also accept such remains, though many charge a fee for disposal.
Some shelters also have healthcare services, counselling, legal help, and job search training.
Some shelters are alongside a river or a creek.
Some shelters are available for reservation.
Some shelters are available in nearby counties.
Some shelters are equipped with fittings that the lifting device can grasp.
Some shelters are low-kill.
Some shelters attempt to get the dog into a rescue program for that breed.
Some shelters consider babies to be unadoptable.
Some shelters have cases all the time.
Some shelters have dual walls and are corrugated to add strength and rigidity.
Some shelters have much of their construction fabric, fittings and furnishings remaining.
Some shelters have no other choice than to deny residence to victims due to full capacity.
Some shelters have only enough emergency power to provide minimum lighting.
Some shelters have privies.
Some shelters have rest rooms within the structure and all are near rest rooms.
Some shelters have transportation such as a van to come and pick up the family.
Some shelters now operate separate programs for abusive men.
Some shelters offer ferrets, birds, rabbits, even pigs.
Some shelters provide shots free and treat animals for a short period after the adoption.
Some shelters require proof of age, so be sure to bring two forms of identification along.
Some shelters say they are no-kill, but they are usually referring to the adoptable animals.
Some shelters send people out onto the streets to invite the needy to make use of their assistance.
Some shelters shadow the ancient staircase that leads to the tomb at the bottom of the Mausoleum.
Some shelters take in dogs only, but most take in dogs and cats.
Some shelters therefore import puppies from areas in which they are plentiful.
A shelterbelt is a hedge
Shelterbelts are good for the soil, good for the environment and good for humanity.
Shelterbelts are much more wind tolerent than a single line of hedgeing.
Shelterbelts are rows of trees to protect topsoil from wind erosion.
Shelterbelts are the hens next to last choice for nesting.
Shelterbelts can also minimize calf losses and make feeding operations easier.
Shelterbelts helps cut heating costs.
Shelterbelts increase crop yields.
Shelterbelts increase property values cost effectively.
Shelterbelts prevent wind erosion in the summer and winter.
Shelterbelts protect fields from wind erosion and topsoil losses.
Shelterbelts reduce wind erosion and trap snow for water conservation.
Shenandoah graduates are active as teachers in public schools, private schools, and colleges.
Shepard moons keep rings orderly.
Shepard tones are classic auditory demonstrations in electronic music and in perception of pitch.
Shepherd blues are also widely used to color cement .
Shepherd boys sit on the slopes, playing flutes.
Shepherd center is a speciality hospital for spinal cord and aquired brain injury patients.
Shepherd dogs benefit from calorie diets.
Shepherd dogs benefit from diets.
Shepherd dogs have sensitive stomachs.
Shepherd dogs have stomachs.
Shepherd dogs reach adulthood.
Most shepherd dogs benefit from calorie diets.
Most shepherd dogs benefit from diets.
Most shepherd dogs have sensitive stomachs.
Most shepherd dogs reach adulthood.
Shepherd fish have sacs along the back part of their throats that are lined with folds of skin.
Shepherd imagery is widespread in the Scriptures.
Shepherd moons keep ring edges sharp in the radial direction.
All shepherd pies use mashed potatoes as piecrust.
Shepherd puppies enter adolescent stages.
Shepherd puppies enter stages.
Shepherd puppies go through growth.
Shepherd puppies weigh pounds.
Most shepherd puppies enter adolescent stages.
Most shepherd puppies enter stages.
Most shepherd puppies go through growth.
Most shepherd puppies weigh pounds.
Shepherd satellites are moons that help organize rings .
Shepherd staff wins much praise from participants.
Shepherd students are pretty much in agreement as to what they want in their dining services.
A shepherd is a clergyman
Shepherd carries a pot.
Shepherd does work.
Shepherd follows in the seventh spot.
Shepherd isa workman.
Shepherd needs to a.
Shepherd observes activity on the forward flight deck.
Shepherd takes issue.
Shepherds act as companions, guide dogs and police dogs.
Shepherds also offer four weeks paid work during the summer vacation for the prizewinner.
Shepherds are animals.
Shepherds are breeds of dog.
Shepherds are clergymans.
Shepherds are dogs.
Shepherds are herders.
Shepherds are herdsmans.
Shepherds are highly active animals.
Shepherds are mammals.
Shepherds are men who care for sheep.
Shepherds are people who care for sheep.
Shepherds are Protectors Sheep are almost entirely defenseless.
Shepherds are quite intelligent and know when they are home.
Shepherds are to be above reproach, blameless, and humble in their service.
Shepherds are unique.
Shepherds are very dependable.
Shepherds are vigilant and reliable.
Shepherds are without status.
Shepherds are workers.
Shepherds are, obviously, keepers of sheep.
Shepherds arrive to dance for the kings .
Shepherds arrive to dance for the kings.
Shepherds begin class with snack, attendance, recap of last week, and introduce teacher.
Shepherds begin singing loudly, marking time with their staffs.
Shepherds care for their sheep but also expect to make a living.
Shepherds contact the members of their flocks several times a year to see how they are doing.
Shepherds create farms.
Shepherds create model farms.
Shepherds didn t watch their flocks at night in the dead of winter.
Shepherds exist for the well being of the sheep.
Shepherds gather their flocks by night.
Shepherds get a stable.
Shepherds graze their flocks at the community's fringe.
Shepherds have (part) arms.
Shepherds have (part) body substances.
Shepherds have (part) cell membranes.
Shepherds have (part) cells.
Shepherds have (part) corpi.
Shepherds have (part) cytoplasm.
Shepherds have (part) heads.
Shepherds have (part) human bodies.
Shepherds have (part) legs.
Shepherds have (part) material bodies.
Shepherds have (part) necks.
Shepherds have (part) nuclei.
Shepherds have (part) personality.
Shepherds have (part) plasma membranes.
Shepherds have (part) sections.
Shepherds have (part) vacuoles.
Shepherds have a hard life.
Shepherds have a lot of free time on their hands which fosters thinking and introspection.
Shepherds have reputations.
Shepherds herding flocks and ranchers running cattle are other obstacles the convoys encounter.
Shepherds is a long gravelly pool with several croys on the north bank.
Shepherds is a TV station in Bethlehem.
Shepherds just have to do that, because sheep wander.
Shepherds keep goats.
Shepherds keep sheep.
Shepherds keep watch over their flocks night and day.
Shepherds lead their flocks from the front.
Shepherds lead, prod, take care of, watch out for, nurture, rescue and direct the sheep.
Shepherds lead, prod, watch out for, nurture, rescue and direct the sheep.
Shepherds look for exceptional athletic ability, a biddable nature, and superior livestock sense.
Shepherds pray toPan to protect their flocks.
Shepherds protect their flocks with the help of guard dogs, donkeys and llamas.
Shepherds quake at the sight.
Shepherds really care for their animals.
Shepherds receive joyful news.
Shepherds require proteins, carbohydrates, minerals, vitamins and fatty acids.
Shepherds say they are responsible for the deaths of hundreds of sheep every year.
Shepherds see a child.
Shepherds serve to the sheep true drink and true meat.
Shepherds shake at the sight.
Shepherds sing third verse.
Shepherds suffer from problems.
Shepherds tend sheep from which wool is obtained.
Shepherds then enter and kneel at manger.
Shepherds thrive on diets.
Shepherds thrive on food.
Shepherds traverse the countryside with their flocks.
Shepherds use it to keep their sheep together.
Shepherds use rods for counting, guiding, protecting and rescueing their sheep.
Shepherds walk from their fields to the villages each day, bringing milk for fresh ricotta.
Shepherds wash arms.
Shepherds water their sheep at the large spring at the base of the tell.
Shepherd always has two sheep dogs.
Every shepherd knows that it is difficult to lead a hungry flock.
Most shepherds create farms.
Most shepherds create model farms.
Most shepherds have reputations.
Most shepherds keep sheep.
Most shepherds suffer from problems.
Most shepherds thrive on diets.
Most shepherds thrive on food.
Most shepherds wash arms.
Some shepherds are overly aggressive, and some are very shy.
Some shepherds become chiefs.
Some shepherds defend yards.
Some shepherds have coats.
Some shepherds have only a few sets of twins, while others claim to have a majority of twin births.
Some shepherds hold jobs.
Some shepherds lose weight.
Some shepherds pick up twins.
Some shepherds sell their wool clip, while others give it away to the shearer.
Some shepherds serve as deputy managers.
Some shepherds serve as managers.
Some shepherds still count sheep hovera, covera, dik versus eight, nine, ten.
Some shepherds suffer anxiety.
Some shepherds wear sleeve.
Sheppard representatives visit suppliers' locations and audit their quality control procedures.
Sher body is all natural.
A sherbet is frozen dessert
Sherbet contains citric acid and tartaric acid which irritate the tongue in the same way .
Sherbet decreases charcoal effect.
Sherbet is a frozen mixture of sweetened fruit juice and water.
Sherbet is a refreshing dessert.
Sherbet is dessert.
Sherbet is drunk and then as a good omen, antimony is rubbed around their eyes.
Sherbets are frozen dessert.
Sherbets are ices, usually fruit-flavored.
Most sherbets are flavored with fruit flavors .
Most sherbets are flavored with fruit flavors.
A sherd is a piece
Sherds are thick, coarse and exhibit a dark gray core with fine-grained sand temper.
Shergotty meteorite is heavily shocked.
Sheri People chew toothpicks, snoose, fingernails, and bubble gum.
Sheriff deputies provide similar programs for our county schools.
Sheriff reports indicate no serious lake use problems.
A sheriff is a lawman
Sheriff isa defender.
Sheriff isa guardian.
Sheriff tosses key out of window where it gets swallowed by a fish.
Sheriffs also assist various police services in Alberta with prisoner management.
Sheriffs are also responsible for the security in all the county courthouses throughout the state.
Sheriffs are among the most powerful people in our state.
Sheriffs are dimwits.
Sheriffs are elected officials in their counties.
Sheriffs are elected to four-year terms in office with no term limits.
Sheriffs are elected to two-year terms without term limits.
Sheriffs are in charge of rebuilding bridges.
Sheriffs are kind of edgy.
Sheriffs are more like feudal kings than public servants.
Sheriffs are police officers.
Sheriffs are public officials.
Sheriffs are required by state law to be paid a minimum annual salary.
Sheriffs are subject to the same rules.
Sheriffs are very fashion oriented when buying kerchiefs.
Sheriffs enforce the repayment of a debt which has been specified by court order .
Sheriffs find men.
Sheriffs go in to retrieve man who fell down shaft.
Sheriffs have (part) arms.
Sheriffs have (part) body substances.
Sheriffs have (part) cell membranes.
Sheriffs have (part) cells.
Sheriffs have (part) corpi.
Sheriffs have (part) cytoplasm.
Sheriffs have (part) heads.
Sheriffs have (part) human bodies.
Sheriffs have (part) legs.
Sheriffs have (part) material bodies.
Sheriffs have (part) necks.
Sheriffs have (part) nuclei.
Sheriffs have (part) personality.
Sheriffs have (part) plasma membranes.
Sheriffs have (part) sections.
Sheriffs have (part) vacuoles.
Sheriffs have choices.
Sheriffs have departments.
Sheriffs have emotion.
Sheriffs look at policy.
Sheriffs play an important role in the administration of justice.
Sheriffs preside over various city-related functions and conferences and welcome foreign guests.
Sheriffs provide security.
Most sheriffs don t market products featuring their own persona.
Most sheriffs don t preside over a pink jail.
Most sheriffs find men.
Most sheriffs have choices.
Most sheriffs have departments.
Most sheriffs have emotion.
Most sheriffs look at policy.
Most sheriffs provide security.
Some sheriffs are more discerning than others.
Some sheriffs confirm hypotheses.
Some sheriffs declare emergencies.
Some sheriffs declare snow emergencies.
Some sheriffs discover tire tracks.
Some sheriffs discover tracks.
Some sheriffs explain incidents.
Some sheriffs go into shacks.
Some sheriffs kill in incidents.
Some sheriffs respond to investigations.
Some sheriffs see crowds.
A sherlock is a detective
Sherlock befriends a peregrine falcon and learns about endangered plants and animals.
Sherlock even sorts and ranks the results by relevance.
Sherlock is available for a variety of nonfiction writing and ghostwriting projects.
Sherlock is confident, clever, and investigative.
Sherlock is search software.
Sherlock lives here.
Sherlock loads the .src files each time it starts up.
Sherlock maintains a directory of all saved searches and an archive of reports.
Sherlock maintains the integrity of the current system while offering a tremendous service to users.
Sherlock provides a consistent interface for searching anywhere.
Sherlock reacts quickly.
Sherlock resides on the sixth floor.
Sherlock returns a new results window listing all the matches with a brief description of each.
Sherlock searches the Internet utilising a range of search engines simultaneously.
Sherlock stats .
Sherlock steals a boy.
Sherlock uses plug-ins that can be downloaded from individual Web sites.
Sherlocks are albums.
Sherlocks are video games.
Sherpa dancing is performed in a line.
Sherpa guides can provide any level of support.
Many Sherpa people claim to have seen the yeti.
Sherpa snowshoes come in three sizes.
Sherpa society uses a clan system or ru to determine marriage arrangements.
Sherpa villages range anywhere from a few households to more than one hundred houses.
Sherries have alcohol added after fermentation is complete.
Sherry is wine
Most Shetland sheep are a single color however some have exciting marking patterns.
Shiatsu bodywork is a traditional healing art that is suitable for people of all ages.
Shiatsu massage is an ancient Japanese healing modality.
Shiatsu massage is offered at headquarters and at retail stores.
Shiatsu massages are massage therapy.
Shiatsu massages enhance stamina, mental ability and general vitality.
Shiatsu practitioners incorporate stretching using the hands, feet, forearms and whole body.
Most shiatsu therapists practice independently as primary health care workers.
Shiatsu therapy is holistic.
Shiatsu training is part of some massage therapy training and certification programs.
Shiatsu treatments are noninvasive to the body, lasting about one hour for each treatment.
SHIC counselors have no connection with any insurance company or product.
Shield budding is practiced in fruit crop.
Shield effects are also quite nice, especially on capital ships.
A shield fern is a fern
Shield ferns are what define our definition of a fern leaf or frond.
Some shield ferns grow in shelter.
Shield laws can and often do put defendants at an unfair disadvantage.
Shield laws have no bearing on federal court.
Shield volcanoes are almost exclusively basalt, a type of lava that is very fluid when erupted.
Shield volcanoes are broad domes, generally form from low viscosity basaltic lava flows.
Shield volcanoes are common in the Hawaiian islands.
Shield volcanoes are composed mostly of basalt.
Shield volcanoes are formed by lava that flows easily .
Shield volcanoes are formed by lava that flows easily.
Shield volcanoes are known to form on other planets .
Shield volcanoes are known to form on other planets.
Shield volcanoes are more flat than all of the other volcanoes.
Shield volcanoes are non-explosive volcanoes with gentle slopes in the form of a cone.
Shield volcanoes are perhaps the most awesome Martian feature.
Shield volcanoes are the largest volcanic features on earth.
Shield volcanoes are the largest volcanoes on Earth.
Shield volcanoes are the largest volcanoes on the face of the Earth.
Shield volcanoes are the type found in Hawaii.
Shield volcanoes are the widest of the three landforms in the activity.
Shield volcanoes can evolve to be the largest of the Earth's landforms.
Shield volcanoes can produce huge areas of basalt, which is usually what lava is when cooled.
Shield volcanoes erupt in different way.
Shield volcanoes form from eruptions of flowing lava.
Shield volcanoes form from lava and are dome shaped.
Shield volcanoes form when hot, fluid lava erupts non- explosively.
Shield volcanoes grow on the ocean floor above hot spots but also form above subduction zones.
Shield volcanoes have calderas and typically long lava flow channels.
Shield volcanoes have gradual slopes and are produced by lava flows building up upon each other.
Shield volcanoes have low slopes and consist almost entirely of frozen lavas.
Shield volcanoes have similarity.
Shield volcanoes have summit calderas formed by piston-like subsidence.
Shield volcanoes produce an awful lot of lava.
Shield volcanoes tend to be very big.
Shield volcanoes tend to erupt non-explosively, mainly pouring out huge volumes of fluid lava.
Shield volcanos are natural things.
Shield volcanos are volcanos.
Most shield volcanoes have a roughly circular or oval shape in map view.
Most shield volcanoes have many craters on their summits.
Most shield volcanoes have similarity.
Most shield volcanoes occur in the ocean.
Some shield volcanoes get to be very large.
Shield walls can be square, composed of many ranks behind the first.
A shield is protection
Shield become smaller.
Shield combines active and passive aspiration to minimize the effects of radiation.
Shield indicating union made is stamped on the valve casing near the serial number.
Shield isa artifact.
Shield protects unit from elements.
Shield requires presence of an installation counter to work.
Shield turns blue.
Shield turns grey.
Shield turns pink.
Shield using characters just guard and attack.
Shields act as barriers.
Shields add weight, but provide some protection against critical strikes.
Shields are a necessity here, so it's possible to find a used one cheap.
Shields are also long lasting for six months.
Shields are an excellent way to increase one's defense in combat.
Shields are areas of Precambrian rock that reach the surface.
Shields are armor.
Shields are available for circular or rectangular camera heads.
Shields are available from lighting distributors.
Shields are available in plain steel or with an antique painted finish.
Shields are cheap insurance against injury.
Shields are hide and hair is black.
Shields are highly underrated.
Shields are most effective when they completely enclose the sensitive circuit.
Shields are now up, captain.
Shields are protective covering.
Shields are rectangular, with notched rests for lances.
Shields are television shows.
Shields are the answer.
Shields belong on happy little fighter people.
Shields can also combine and stack on top of each other .
Shields can also combine and stack on top of each other.
Shields can easily become dislodged so a finger can penetrate underneath.
Shields charge up with time.
Shields come in all shapes and sizes and are made of hide stretched over a framework.
Shields come in many shapes and sizes.
Shields consist of two roughly circular halves, almost like flattened clam shells.
Shields currently lives in Pennsylvania.
Shields do work great for surfing.
Shields enable creatures to go into a Defensive mode.
Shields face, glasses and upper body from mud.
Shields fail to work on alternate Fridays.
Shields finds a religious view of the world at the very heart of Wittgenstein's philosophy.
Shields form by the gently pouring out of lava.
Shields handle two basic needs.
Shields has an extensive background in technology.
Shields has the speed and stamina to do it a third time.
Shields have (part) sections.
Shields have a decorative and spiritual role just as important as their defensive purposes.
Shields have medieval flavour and roman designs.
Shields have special uses today.
Shields help keep contaminates out.
Shields help prevent the herbicide from moving to the crop.
Shields hopes to have a prototype in place by next spring.
Shields includes various shields, and bucklers.
Shields knows even more than the others that desire is virtually impossible to talk about.
Shields knows that other climates are more tolerant of snow.
Shields laments the team's unfulfilled potential.
Shields mixes countless tracks of accellerated drums into a thick snakecharm.
Shields never touch the patient.
Shields notes the searing power of black domination.
Shields paint from bird droppings and pollution with special cross-linking silicone resins.
Shields produce a great variety of secondary particles which are generally a hazard too.
Shields protect the racers, and they can boost into hyperspace.
Shields protect the urethra from heat damage.
Shields provides the perfect capper.
Shields range from wooden celtic shields to full battle shields.
Shields regenerate at a certain rate per time.
Shields ring out and split asunder From either side in equal number.
Shields seem to be the logical answer.
Shields seem to have been used universally by all warriors.
Shields sound and warriors fall.
Shields suffer from wear and tear.
Shields urg'd on shields, and men drove men along.
Shields wants to hold off and see what the legal council thinks.
Shields wet hair from the drying effects of heat styling with blow dryers or hot rollers.
Shields works exquisitely with the notion of the maze as metaphor.
Shields works on devising tests to determine who is at increased risk of developing a cancer.
Shields writes in the present tense, which helps the reader see events as they unfold.
All shields are light, medium, or heavy.
All shields come in a light smoke tint and are taller than stock.
All shields protect the screen from damage.
Every shield carries medicine through it's art and self-expression.
Every shield is raised relief adn entirely handpainted.
Every shield is raised-relief and entirely handpainted.
Most shields act as barriers.
Most shields are small and can only protect a limited area from attack.
Most shields have gold royal designs on cover.
Some shields are made of alloy.
Some shields are made of magnetic alloy.
Some shields cover foreheads.
Some shields cover heads.
Some shields extend over wings.
Some shields feature a contoured shape that some wearers prefer for comfort and discretion.
Some shields have tops.
Some shields prevent dangerous radiation.
Some shields prevent radiation.
Some shields protect astronauts.
Some shields protect cocos.
Some shields protect eyes.
Shielding gas protects the weld by being a pocket of gas around the weld .
Shielding gas protects the weld by being a pocket of gas around the weld.
Shielding percentage is the most abused part of the coaxial cable manufacturing process.
Shielding also has reciprocal purposes.
Shielding appears to be the word of the day.
Shielding are protection.
Shielding are shields.
Shielding can be by concrete, steel or other dense material, cooling by air or water.
Shielding can be steel, lead, concrete or water.
Shielding can be very effective in reducing the dose received.
Shielding can direct the light to where it is needed.
Shielding can help, as can changing the cable's route if the noise is caused by a locatable source.
Shielding flips up and out of the way for complete access without tools.
Shielding flips up for easy service and transport.
Shielding involves the use of materials of high permeability.
Shielding is an additional line of defense against induced effects.
Shielding is another area to explore.
Shielding is normally unnecessary.
Shielding is obtained entirely from an externally supplied gas or gas mixture.
Shielding is obtained from a gas or gas mixture.
Shielding is obtained from an externally supplied gas or gas mixture.
Shielding is obtained from decomposition of the electrode covering.
Shielding is particularly important for housings of computers, copiers, and other business machines.
Shielding is provided by a flux contained within the tubular electrode.
Shielding is provided by an inert gas,typically Argon, Helium, or a mix gas.
Shielding is required as protection from radiant heat sources.
Shielding is simple but effective.
Shielding is used to reduce radiation levels.
Shielding is very easy and the device can be used in the normal operating theater.
Shielding means surrounding of a cable by a metal foil one side of which is grounded .
Shielding occurs when incident radiation is either reflected or absorbed by a material.
Shielding produces an upfield signal.
Shielding protects a circuit against crosstalk.
Shielding protects other components.
Shielding provides a means to reflect or absorb electric fields that are present around cables.
Shielding reduces pickup of hum and interference from outside sources such as power supplies.
Shielding refers to fencing or other man-made barriers to conceal a facility from public view.
Shielding refers to insulation around the voice coil and magnet on the speaker cones.
Shielding reflects and absorbs incident radiation waves as illustrated here.
Shielding requires dense materials such as lead.
Shielding requires special consideration.
Shielding surrounds the machine to protect workers.
More shielding is better to the point of diminishing returns.
A shift key is a key
Shift keys make most functions available directly from the keyboard without going into sub-menus.
Shift lever is left side push action.
Shift pattern is reversed when installed in mid-shift models.
Shift patterns are well chosen and smooth.
A shift register is a register
Shift registers are most sensitive because of their very short data path between register bits.
Shift times vary in each work area.
Shift times vary.
Shift work can affect personal life.
Shift work can speed the onset of ulcers.
Shift work gets to everyone after a while, some more than others.
Shift work including nights, weekends and holidays is required.
Shift work increases the risk of ischemic heart disease.
Shift work involves working any designated shift over a specified period of time.
Shift work is a prerequisite of the job.
Shift work is a requirement.
Shift work is also more common in large organizations.
Shift work is common in the early years.
Shift work is concentrated in the most dangerous areas of employment.
Shift work is difficult to work because of the impact on sleep.
Shift work is involved.
Shift work is necessary, and most airlines require ticket agents to wear uniforms.
Shift work is necessary.
Shift work is required to provide security and patient care.
Shift work is required, and work is done frequently under pressure of time.
Shift work is required, including weekends and holidays.
Shift work is required.
Shift work is sometimes necessary because funeral home hours include evenings and weekends.
Shift work is undesirable, to put it mildly.
Shift work provides for a different type of life style.
Some shift work is involved.
Shift workers are more likely to be involved in a drowsy-driving crash than day workers.
Shift workers are much more likely to view their jobs as extremely stressful.
Shift workers complain of sleep disturbance and problems of gastro-intestinal function.
Shift workers eat food.
Shift workers eat rich food.
Shift workers have to work extra hard to maintain their health.
Shift workers know all too well the drawbacks of being nocturnal in a traditionally diurnal world.
Many shift workers develop a near obsession with sleep.
Many shift workers resort to prescription and nonprescription drugs.
Many shift workers revert back to a daytime schedule on their days off.
Many shift workers suffer more than the average number of menstrual problems, colds and flu.
Most shift workers eat food.
Most shift workers eat rich food.
Some shift workers use sleeping pills to try to alleviate shift lag.
A shift is a translation
Shift asks questions.
Shift balls down to get the gap in one of the discs above the ball.
Shift boxes to their new storage site.
Shift constrains the movements and can be used in conjunction with the other modifier keys.
Shift gears appropriately.
Shift gears now.
Shift locks alphabetical keys only.
Shift lyrics right or left by syllables.
Shift provides control of how dark or light the camera sets the auto exposure.
Shift rotates with night, evening, weekend and day hours.
Shift works two evenings per week and every other weekend.
Shifts allow full-time class attendance.
Shifts also occur on meteorological, seismological and volcanic levels concerning the Earth itself.
Shifts are a minimum of two hours.
Shifts are also evident in the demographics of snowboarders.
Shifts are also evident in the proportion of people who live in urban and rural areas.
Shifts are also extremely problematic.
Shifts are always along the axes of the image.
Shifts are as smooth as most passenger cars and cruising is relaxed.
Shifts are available almost all days of the week.
Shifts are available around the clock.
Shifts are available at each meal.
Shifts are available before, during and after regular business hours.
Shifts are available both before and after regular business hours.
Shifts are available days and evenings during the week, and on weekends.
Shifts are available during the daytime or evening, on weekdays or weekends.
Shifts are available during the week.
Shifts are available for morning, afternoon or all day.
Shifts are available in hour increments with each shift starting on the hour.
Shifts are available in single or multiple hour increments.
Shifts are available in the mornings, afternoon, evenings and weekends.
Shifts are available on both weekend and week-day mornings.
Shifts are available on weekdays, evenings and weekends.
Shifts are available seven days a week.
Shifts are available throughout the day with alternating weekend work.
Shifts are available throughout the day.
Shifts are available weekdays in the mornings or afternoons.
Shifts are available weekdays, evenings, and weekends.
Shifts are available.
Shifts are crisp and clean with the manual transmission.
Shifts are crisp, but the transmission is easily confused by rapid changes in throttle application.
Shifts are daytime only.
Shifts are evenings, weekends and holidays.
Shifts are five to six hours long.
Shifts are flexible with schedule.
Shifts are flexible, as are locations.
Shifts are flexible.
Shifts are from the morning until the evening.
Shifts are gang.
Shifts are generally one four-hour shift at least once a week.
Shifts are hours.
Shifts are late afternoons and evenings.
Shifts are less likely here.
Shifts are long, often in steep terrain and at higher elevations.
Shifts are minimum four hours, a.m. or p.m.
Shifts are morning or afternoon one day per week.
Shifts are motion.
Shifts are much more smooth and there is no mollassis shifting start-ups anymore.
Shifts are part of work forces.
Shifts are part of workdays.
Shifts are quick and smooth.
Shifts are quick, smooth and satisfying going up or down through the gears.
Shifts are seamless, thanks to electronic controls that coordinate the engine and transmission.
Shifts are smooth, crisp, and quick.
Shifts are subject to change.
Shifts are sweet.
Shifts are translations.
Shifts are two hours and can be done on a weekly or biweekly basis.
Shifts are two hours at business sites in Racine, Burlington and Waterford.
Shifts are two hours per week.
Shifts are two hours weekly.
Shifts are two to three hours.
Shifts are typically three hours long and both outdoor and indoor positions are available.
Shifts are usually three or four hours, no more than six.
Shifts are usually two to three hours each, one day a week, with a minimum six month commitment.
Shifts are variable and some rotate.
Shifts are varied and responsibilities are individual specific. .
Shifts are various, including night and weekend work.
Shifts below are subject to change.
Shifts can be shorter and scheduled in between classes.
Shifts can be shorter and scheduled in- between classes.
Shifts can start at any hour of the day and split shifts are possible.
Shifts can vary from one to two hours depending on availability.
Shifts either begin in the early morning or end late at night.
Shifts feel smooth and precise - and it's about time.
Shifts focus smoothly and quickly among activities.
Shifts form one exchange area to the another exchange area in multi exchange system.
Shifts generally last six to ten hours.
Shifts involve various hours including weekends.
Shifts move bits in a word one way, inserting zeros in all the positions that become vacant.
Shifts occur as if they read the driver s mind, and they do it seamlessly.
Shifts occur every few years and create serious situations.
Shifts occur more rapidly than they can be responded to.
Shifts occur rapidly and even chaotically.
Shifts range from one to six consecutive hours.
Shifts range in start times beginning at noon.
Shifts rotate monthly.
Shifts run approx.
Shifts run Mon.-Thurs.
Shifts run two . . .
Shifts start late afternoon.
Shifts start throughout the day and early evening.
Shifts tend to be slower.
Shifts thereafter are close, allowing the engine to stay in it's power zone.
Shifts Think back for a second.
Shifts vary according to the service.
Shifts vary by location.
Shifts vary depending on the theater schedule and includes early mornings, evenings and weekends.
Shifts vary from days and evenings to awake nights.
Shifts vary with flexible hours.
Shifts vary, depending on their job.
Shifts vary, including swing shift.
Shifts vary, including weekends, training provided.
Shifts vary, some are strictly daytime weekdays, but others are whenever the library is open.
Shifts usually last between five to six hours.
Shifts usually last two hours.
Shifts usually range anywhere from four to eight hours.
Shifts usually rotate every six months.
All shifts are audible.
All shifts are available and NO experience is necessary.
All shifts are available for two to eight hours per month for a one-year minimum commitment.
All shifts are available with great benefits.
All shifts are available.
All shifts are eight hours in length.
All shifts are in microns.
All shifts are open.
All shifts are relative to external tetramethylsilane.
All shifts avail.
All shifts begin and end on the even hour.
All shifts handle routine calls, traffic enforcement, and community relations.
All Shifts Provide quality nursing care to inpatients while undergoing mentorship.
All shifts rotate weekends and holidays.
Any shift is open.
Every shift begins and ends with a quality meeting.
Every shift brings in two separate forms detailing their shift activities and incidents.
Every shift has a sense of urgency.
Every shift has to be covered every hour of the day, on graveyards or weekends.
Every shift is eight hours.
Every shift is more accurate.
Every shift there's an officer in each district.
Many shifts are open.
Many shifts are slight, thus causing partial melting or melting on only one side.
Many shifts are still open.
Most shifts are about four hours long on fest days, allowing fest workers to see shows, too.
Most shifts are four hours in length, but some times are flexible.
Most shifts are regular county business hours, but some evening assignments are possible.
Most shifts run two to three hours.
Some shifts are already evident.
Some shifts rotate every other week.
Shifted cultivators are peasants pushed off their own land and who have moved into the rainforest.
Shifter boots are mandatory.
Shifter cable ends.
Shifter side is available with or without the facility to mount stock-style kickstand assembly.
A shifter is an employee
All shifters have an electrical switch that permits starting in neutral and park only.
Shifts land use authority from local government to water districts.
Shiga prefecture is located just north of Kyoto.
Shiga toxin destroys the kidney.
A shigella is a bacteria
Shigella are always pathogenic.
Shigella are bacteria that cause an intestinal infection.
Shigella multiply at room temperature.
Shigellas are species.
Shigella often causes outbreaks in daycare centers.
A shigellosis is dysentery
Shigellosis can also cause severe dehydration and other complications, like kidney failure.
Shigellosis is a bacterial infection affecting the intestinal tract.
Shigellosis is a bacterial infection that affects the guts.
Shigellosis is a bacterial infection that affects the intestines.
Shigellosis is a bacterial infection.
Shigellosis is a bacterial intestinal infection.
Shigellosis is a highly contagious form of dysentery, caused by shigellae bacteria.
Shigellosis is an important public health problem, especially in developing countries.
Shigellosis is caused by fecal contamination and is contagious.
Shigellosis is contracted by eating or drinking contaminated food or water.
Shigellosis is extremely rare below the age of six months.
Shigellosis is more common in summer than winter.
Shigellosis is self limiting and requires the replacement of fluid and electrolytes.
Shigellosis is transmitted strictly by human feces.
Shigellosises are diseases.
Shigellosises are dysentery.
Shigellosis usually resolves in five to seven days but can last for weeks.
Shigellosis usually resolves in five to seven days.
Shiitake caps have a soft, spongy texture.
Shiitake growers account for only a small fraction of the mushroom industry.
A shiitake mushroom is a fungus
Shiitake mushrooms absorb flavors of seasonings.
Shiitake mushrooms contain fats, carbohydrates, proteins, fiber, vitamins, and minerals.
Shiitake mushrooms stimulate white blood cells to produce interferon.
A shiitake is a fungus
Shiitakes also have antiviral and anticancer effects.
Shiitakes are a staple in many Chinese and Japanese dishes.
Shiitakes are funguses.
Shiitakes can be expensive to consumers.
Shilded cable is recommended to reduce stray noise pick-up.
Shill bidding is also on the rise and is often difficult for consumers to detect.
Shill bidding is the deliberate placing of bids to artificially drive up the price of an item.
A shill is a slicker
A shill is an accomplice
Shill work for the auctioneers who receive a commission on the total dollar amount that is sold.
Shills are decoys.
Shills are illegal.
Shills are often expensively dressed women.
Shills can be employees, relatives, or friends of the auctioneer, or of the seller.
Shills work for the auctioneers who receive a commission on the total dollar amount that is sold.
Shills work for the auctioneers who recieve a commission on the total dollar amount that is sold.
Shilling isa unit.
Shiloh temperament is calm, enduring, friendly, and gentle, protective but never unduly aggressive.
Shim lines are present in all of the holographic material used in today's marketplace.
A shim is a wedge
Shims add greater stability to heatsinks and reduce the risk of accidental damage to processors.
Shims are available to maintain the correct pinion angle.
Shims are one way of dealing with the problem.
Shims are wedges.
Shims can and do affect the tone of a banjo.
Shims come close enough to the components of the processor that they can short the processor out.
Shims come in handy here.
Shims provide a solid base and closeout around the sides.
Shims take up every millimeter of the gap between the two tubes.
Most Shimer graduates go on to earn advanced degrees.
Most Shimer students go onto graduate programs.
Shimmer formulas look terrible on dry, chapped lips.
Shimmer sticks are easy to use, without the mess of powders and gels.
Shimmer Waves wash over plant and animals, either accelerating or reversing the age of a creature.
A shimmer is an occurrence
SHiMMeR is a flexible, modular system capable of testing a wide variety of device types.
Shimmer is long-term variability in amplitude.
Shimmer is present in the smallest details and edges.
Shimmer looks at the lust for fame and the price that is sometimes paid to achieve it.
Shimmer offers another solution.
Shimmers are perturbation.
Shimmies toupees up the flagpoles.
Shimmy is a social dancing
A shin is a body part
Shin isa body part.
SHIN offers great potential for all parts of the health system.
Shins are bands.
Shins are body parts.
Shins are cuts.
Shins are letters.
Shins are part of legs.
Shins are solid objects.
Shins are vertical, the back straight up, leaned forward, chest touches the knees.
Shins have (part) corpi.
Shins stretch out when moving the leg forward.
Some shins are part of bodies.
Some shins are part of legs.
A shinbone is a leg bone
Shinbone isa bone.
Shinbones dance out the last steps of unfulfilled dreams in flame.
Shinbones have (part) bone cells.
Shinbones have (part) cell membranes.
Shinbones have (part) corpi.
Shinbones have (part) cytoplasm.
Shinbones have (part) ground substances.
Shinbones have (part) marrow.
Shinbones have (part) mast cells.
Shinbones have (part) nuclei.
Shinbones have (part) plasma membranes.
Shinbones have (part) sections.
Shinbones have (part) vacuoles.
Some shinbones are part of bodies.
Some shinbones are part of legs.
Shine enhancers impart intense shine.
A shiner is an object
Shiner is active in the community and volunteers working with the elderly.
Shiner is an outstanding stallion.
Shiner is back - with another new lineup, and arguably, their best record yet.
Shiner is our watchdog.
Shiner is showered with attention.
Shiner is the official Valley Legends mascot.
Shiners are a group of minnows that usually have metallic silver or gold sides.
Shiners are bruise.
Shiners are extremely fragile and have a very low tolerance to heat and low oxygen.
Shiners are fragile and difficult to keep alive in the bucket.
Shiners are good for attracting pike type fish as well as some of the bigger holdover browns.
Shiners are in the river and so are the sturgeon.
Shiners are magic bait, but only if they're fresh and frisky.
Shiners are objects.
Shiners are satanists that run a store-front of charities and telethons.
Shiners can easily make an intermittent short to a grounded shelf or anything else.
Shiners have a much narrower tolerance range for oxygen than topminnows do.
Shiners improve the odds for catching bass.
Shiners show up that way quickly as well.
Shiney bumpers jump out against black mud flaps creating fascinating contemporary photos.
Shingle beaches are made of particles larger than sand, such as cobbles, or small stones.
A shingle is gravel
Shingle isa artifact.
Shingles affects only the area of the body served by the nerve that held the dormant virus.
Shingles affects the dermatomes supplied by specific nerves.
Shingles are a great idea but so is cat litter or big sacks of sand.
Shingles are almost up all around.
Shingles are building materials.
Shingles are construction materials.
Shingles are diseases.
Shingles are easy to install, require little maintenance and are easy to repair.
Shingles are extremely durable and hardy roofing materials.
Shingles are gravel.
Shingles are less than five years old and house was painted two summers ago.
Shingles are located in roofs.
Shingles are long lasting but can be blown around by strong winds.
Shingles are of a reddish brown color, badly deteriorated and missing in places.
Shingles are painful blisters that are usually only on a small area of the body.
Shingles are painful lesions that are caused the chicken pox virus.
Shingles are sawn and tapered.
Shingles are sawn on both faces and have a smooth face.
Shingles are sawn.
Shingles are usually sawn and have a smooth, finished appearance.
Shingles attacks the nerves and skin and is very painful.
Shingles begin to lift.
Shingles break easily, so it s a good idea to keep a few extra shingles on hand.
Shingles break easily, so it's a good idea to keep a few extra shingles on hand.
Shingles can affect adults at any age but the likelihood of an outbreak increases with age.
Shingles can be a very painful complication later in life after an earlier chickenpox infection.
Shingles can be painful for adults.
Shingles can be sawn or cleft, that is split along the grain.
Shingles can be very painful and itchy .
Shingles can be very painful and itchy.
Shingles can become serious and cause complications.
Shingles can occur in the eye.
Shingles can occur just about anywhere on the body.
Shingles can only occur after someone has had chickenpox.
Shingles cause a painful skin rash and sometimes chronic pain .
Shingles cause a painful skin rash and sometimes chronic pain.
Shingles causes a limited but very painful rash.
Shingles causes a painful skin rash and sometimes chronic pain.
Shingles causes a painful skin rash.
Shingles causes a painful, blistering rash.
Shingles causes painful skin lesions that occur along nerve tracts, often on the truck of the body.
Shingles comes from the same virus that causes chicken pox and leads to a rash on the body.
Shingles Find out about the signs and treatments of chicken pox and shingles.
Shingles get brittle when walked on.
Shingles have (part) sections.
Shingles is a common problem that increases in severity with age and lowered immunity.
Shingles is a disease caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox.
Shingles is a disease of the skin produced by the same virus that causes chickenpox.
Shingles is a disease that occurs when the virus that causes chicken pox is reactivated in the body.
Shingles is a major health problem in older adults.
Shingles is a major threat to anyone in the family with poor immune status.
Shingles is a reactivation of the same virus that causes chicken pox, varicella zoster.
Shingles is a reoccurrence of chicken pox.
Shingles is a risk to anyone who has ever had chickenpox.
Shingles is a second outbreak of the virus that causes chickenpox.
Shingles is a skin rash that develops on half of the body, in a belt-like pattern.
Shingles is a sudden reactivation of the virus.
Shingles is almost never present on both sides of the body.
Shingles is an infection caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox.
Shingles is an inflammation of nerves in the arms, legs, chest or elsewhere in the body.
Shingles is an inflammation of nerves in the arms, legs, chest or elsewhere.
Shingles is extremely painful along the nerve it effects.
Shingles is most common in older adults and the risk of developing it increases with age.
Shingles is often a very painful condition.
Shingles is often an early sign of immune deficiency.
Shingles is the manifestation of a latent infection.
Shingles is the result of reactivation of varicella-zoster virus from keratinocytes.
Shingles is treated with prescription medications.
Shingles is VERY common in HIV'ers.
Shingles look like chicken pox except that they are usually concentrated in one area of the body.
Shingles never crosses the midline of the body.
Shingles occur most often in a broad stripe on the chest, back or face.
Shingles occurs in people who have already had chickenpox and is very infectious.
Shingles occurs in people who have had chickenpox and is a reactivation of the dormant virus.
Shingles occurs only in persons who have previously had chickenpox.
Shingles only occurs in people who have had chicken pox.
Shingles refers to a reactivation of the chicken pox virus along the distribution of a nerve.
Shingles rot when the mat at the core of the shingle absorbs moisture.
Shingles seem to respond very well to Chiropractic adjustment.
Shingles typically lasts about a month, however complications can make the pain last longer.
Shingles typically starts out without the rash.
Shingles often appears on one side of the chest or abdomen.
Shingles often occurs many years after the initial chicken pox infection.
Shingles usually affects the elderly or people with compromised immune systems .
Shingles usually clears up in a month.
Shingles usually develops in elderly people but occasionally occurs in children.
Shingles usually develops in elderly persons with reduced immune function.
Shingles usually occurs in adults who previously have had chicken pox.
Most shingles contain dabs of adhesive across each strip just above the cutout tabs.
Shingled roofs offer full protection from the sun and rain.
Shinglings are part of construction.
Shinglings are rocks.
Shinglings are roofing.
Shinglings are trade.
A shininess is radiance
Shininess controls the amount of shininess of the text.
Shinjuku station is a maze.
Shiny adult leaves with priominent veins.
Shiny aluminum is reactive.
Shiny black is good, but avoid purple and dark blue.
Shiny chrome finish to match any kitchen.
Some shiny coats reflect sunlight.
Shiny colors are able to reflect significant amounts of light and heat compared to flat colors.
Shiny colors are able to reflect significant amounts of light and heat.
Shiny cowbirds follow the 'shotgun' strategy of brood parasitism.
Shiny dew drops, shimmering rain drops with holes.
Shiny diamonds are like pretty girls.
Shiny fabrics reflect light and can give a larger appearance to a very thin body.
Shiny fabrics shade differently if cut in different directions.
Shiny foil acts as reflectors.
Most shiny foil acts as reflectors.
Shiny gold trim around sleeves and front.
Shiny ices make the rings appear very bright.
Shiny jewelry can also distract.
Shiny jewelry can cause hazardous reflections.
Shiny jewelry can resemble the scales of a fish.
Shiny leaves reflect heat.
Shiny materials reflect heat and black or dark materials absorb heat.
Shiny metal foil acts as reflectors.
Some shiny needles have bands.
Some shiny needles have silvery bands.
Shiny objects have a high specular component.
Shiny pans cause birds to take longer to cook because they absorb less heat.
Shiny paper can increase glare, so try to use matte paper when reading or writing.
Shiny paper gives their project and extra special touch.
Some shiny paper is made from synthetic fibres.
Shiny parts are nice and bright, no dulling.
Shiny penguins are lucky.
Shiny pillars rise many storeys high to a domed white ceiling which becomes star studded at night.
Shiny regions are visibly apparent in the remaining photonic crystals.
Shiny satin is out, tulle is in.
Shiny shells are a sign of old eggs.
Shiny skin means the squash was probably picked green.
Shiny spaceships replace cars, People flying down from Mars.
Shiny surfaces act like mirrors.
Shiny surfaces reflect light in a way that can be confusing to the eye.
Shiny surfaces reflect lots of light.
Shiny things attract it and are carried away or dropped when found uneatable.
Shiny vats ferment away where once stood an altar.
Shiny wheels are definitely signs of a properly washed automobile.
Shiny wings means the bug is ready to lay it's eggs.
Ship ballast caries aquatic organisms around the world.
A ship broker is a broker
Ship brokers buy and sell yachts, ships, other vessels and ships' cargo space on behalf of clients.
A ship building is construction
Ship building is carried on extensively.
Ship building is much simpler, and concise ship building sheets are available.
Ship captains have the right to put anyone off the ship who misbehaves.
Ship collisions kill more right whales than do any other documented cause of mortality.
Ship Creek flows along the southern perimeter.
Ship Creek is the only urban king salmon fishery in the world.
Ship designs await.
Ship Island is also the home of Fort Massachusetts and they have tours a couple of times a day.
Ship Island is one of the larger barrier islands on the Mississippi Gulf Coast.
Ship Island is the next island that has a claim to fame.
Ship models are full hull unless otherwise stated.
Ship models are surprisingly detailed and blow up in just the right way.
Ship models are very detailed but a little clumsy looking.
Ship movement is better but the game is very combat intensive and it gets old after a while.
Ship movement is OK and well adjusted to the wind situation.
All ship names are cross-indexed.
Ship owners pay.
Ship propulsion provides a compelling example.
Ship rats are excellent climbers and pose the greatest threat to our native wildlife.
Ship registration is dealt with in a quick and efficient manner.
Ship registry is Norway.
Ship repair is the mainstay of Singapore's marine industry.
Ship restrictions apply to products.
Ship rig is three masts with squaresails.
Ship strikes are a major threat to their survival.
Ship strikes are currently the number one documented cause of right whale deaths.
Ship strikes are the leading human cause of right whale deaths.
Ship strikes kill more right whales than any other documented source of human-related mortality.
Ship strikes kill more right whales than any other source of human-related mortality.
Most ship strikes are fatal.
Ship wrecks are numerous in the East End and the virgin reefs show little, if any evidence of man.
Ship wrecks lie between and beyond the reefs.
A ship is a vessel
Ship also features live entertainment, restaurant, free welcome cocktail and hors d'oeuvres.
Ship begins erratic course up East Coast of United States.
Ship biscuits date back to ancient Roman and Greek days.
Ship cross their feeding and calving areas, and migratory corridors.
Ship decelerates to a stop, and is dead in the water.
Ship entirely seaworthy.
Ship extends cable with speakers attached into ocean.
Ship follows the mouse, button fires.
Ship goes right.
Ship is about to sink.
Ship is at anchor.
Ship is big seagoing vessel, big enough to carry smaller boats.
Ship is considered to be a total wreck.
Ship is currently on a port call.
Ship is drawn to scale.
Ship is elegant, big and unique.
Ship is entirely seaworthy.
Ship is forced to return to Europe.
Ship is in Mt. Hope for a few repairs.
Ship is leaving soon, better get on board.
Ship is on the north side of the pier.
Ship is outdated and worn down.
Ship is placed in commission.
Ship is the last remaining vessel of a galaxy torn apart by deadly biological war.
Ship is wheelchair accessible.
Ship isa craft.
Ship Just Desserts to friends and family throughout the country.
Ship leaves Goat Island downtown Newport.
Ship moves out of cirlce to pump holding tanks.
Ship never leaves dock.
Ship now flashes in green.
Ship refers to ship building.
Ship runs aground in Washington State.
Ship shakes several times.
Ship specimens at room temperature or frozen in dry ice.
Ship specimens early in the week to avoid weekend delivery.
Ship starts to list to starboard.
Ship turns back to Honolulu.
Ship watching is the Blue Water Area's top, unique attraction for visitors and residents alike.
Ship writes about new media for various august publications, and lives in Paris.
Ships also conduct training in home port waters.
Ships also rely on radar weather predictions and sea ice detection for safe navigation.
Ships also route their lanes farther to the south during iceberg season.
Ships anchor offshore and disharge cargo into barges to be taken ashore.
Ships appear as bright points.
Ships are a great place to store wheat.
Ships are a lot like churches.
Ships are a major means of microbe transportation.
Ships are all right.
Ships are also the only way for people in Singapore to visit casinos.
Ships are amazingly detailed and the planets surfaces are huge and look spectacular.
Ships are artifacts.
Ships are beautiful.
Ships are big hunks of metal which hoses GPS and traditional magnetic tracking.
Ships are bigger, more numerous and louder than ever before.
Ships are boats.
Ships are capital intensive and filled with expensive people.
Ships are different for other reasons.
Ships are even worse.
Ships are extremely flexible in World Eater.
Ships are extremely mobile assets, free to trade almost anywhere.
Ships are faster, and the unknown is being mapped and explored.
Ships are few and far between and the waiting period is usually five months.
Ships are for mission purposes.
Ships are in general good radar hard targets since they tend to have large radar cross sections.
Ships are in short supply right now.
Ships are just great.
Ships are large vehicles.
Ships are less common on the Southern seas than formerly.
Ships are let to sail on it.
Ships are like roads, placed along the edges of tiles, either on coastal edges or in open sea.
Ships are like that too.
Ships are located in oceans.
Ships are located in ports.
Ships are made of wood.
Ships are mobile.
Ships are modular so they can be taken apart and rebuilt as heavy tugs or whatever.
Ships are on their way to deliver heavy engineering equipment.
Ships are removed from play when they are destroyed.
Ships are returning with pelts, it seems as if all is clear or light ice.
Ships are safe inside their harbor.
Ships are seized for a few days, anchored quietly and cargoes are siphoned off into smaller vessels.
Ships are strange places.
Ships are the cheapest form of transport, but their use is impossible in many inland places.
Ships are tougher and faster than land units.
Ships are unlike planes, tanks, and guns.
Ships are unloaded at the foot of the hill.
Ships are used for sailing.
Ships are used for travel, trade and war.
Ships are used for voyages.
Ships are usually upper case, but can be lower as well.
Ships are vehicles.
Ships are very different from any other defense system.
Ships are very important to any island and particularly to Jersey.
Ships are vessels.
Ships are watercrafts.
Ships are well kept and the crew and staff are attentive.
Ships arrive at destinations.
Ships arrive from ports in Europe, the Far East, the Americas, Africa and other continents.
Ships attack in waves and rain bombs down on the player's ship.
Ships avoid the remote and hostile region, and as a result few measurements have been made there.
Ships become bigger, faster.
Ships begin leaving Bay.
Ships begin to pair off and dogfights breakout all over the skies.
Ships blast their horns.
Ships bring food, supplies, and important cargo to the people.
Ships bring many products to Israel from the Far East and other places here.
Ships bump into each other less often.
Ships burn heavy fuel oils but they call it bunker oil .
Ships burn high-sulfur fuel that is responsible for the sulfur dioxide emissions.
Ships can accelerate slowly, brake somewhat quicker.
Ships can also bounce off rubbery walls.
Ships can also flood and catch fire.
Ships can also now move in formations just like land-based groups.
Ships can also radiate sonar energy in an effort to find submarines.
Ships can be a very busy list, and focuses on current maritime activity.
Ships can be diesel-powered, have paddlewheels, or be sailing ships.
Ships can be one of twenty in a cruise line fleet, or the lone ship of a small cruise company.
Ships can carry much more weight than a camel caravan and do it much more cheaply.
Ships can change direction wheeling max.
Ships can damage corals if they run aground.
Ships can drag, push or shove mines into each other if they wish.
Ships can emit sound waves as they are traveling along their route.
Ships can employ large interceptors.
Ships can go as deep as they want.
Ships can have one of three ram types, and three armour types.
Ships can reach international waters from Boston or New York in half an hour.
Ships can reach the United States in only five days.
Ships can readily avoid extreme weather, even if it does alter a portion of the cruise itinerary.
Ships can remain on station.
Ships can run aground rather blindly.
Ships can survive a while in the radiation.
Ships can swamp and sink if they ride too low in the water.
Ships can transport HAB organisms in their ballast water.
Ships can use the port the year around because the harbor's waters never freeze.
Ships capture by moving one square diagonally.
Ships cargo on docks.
Ships carry a thousand items between countries.
Ships carry ballast water to keep the ship stable when it's empty.
Ships carry captains.
Ships carry cargo.
Ships carry crews in cryogenic suspension on century-long trips, but arrive soon after embarking.
Ships carry goods on the world's oceans and waterways.
Ships carry machines.
Ships carry sails.
Ships carry the ore to steel mills in other parts of Canada and in the United States.
Ships carrying fish, lumber, grain, and other cargo traverse the length of sanctuary waters.
Ships clock, barometer.
Ships come complete with everything except the radio transmitter and receiver.
Ships come from all over the world to Stavanger Harbor.
Ships come here from all over the world.
Ships come in all shapes and sizes and offer a wide variety of experiences.
Ships come in all shapes and sizes.
Ships come in all sizes, shapes and itineraries.
Ships come in from all over the world.
Ships coming into port never come in solely under the direction of the ship's Captain.
Ships constructed largely of metal can float on water, while metal coins sink in a glass of water.
Ships crash into the bedrooms of seaside villas.
Ships cruise tranquilly under a full moon.
Ships deliberately dump oil wastes into the water.
Ships deploy and fight on different levels and at different angles.
Ships deploy more often and for longer periods with less homeport time between deployments.
Ships deploying such nets have a capture rate of about ten tons of fish per hour.
Ships disappear slowly over the horizon.
Ships disappearing over the horizon appear hull-down in the water.
Ships do sail through the icebergs, but it depends on the conditions.
Ships dont just explode, they fall apart, leaving dead hulks in space.
Ships draining energy are red.
Ships easily standout on the surface.
Ships enter below the walls and there anchor.
Ships enter one and exit another.
Ships equipped with jump drives are able to travel quickly through space.
Ships even offer youth camps that cater to all ages, from toddlers to teens.
Ships explode into fireballs.
Ships explore waters all over the world and often dock in foreign ports.
Ships factory direct.
Ships fill up quickly.
Ships fill with water, turn over and begin to sink.
Ships fixing their position in relation to the first two lighthouses can navigate The Rip.
Ships fly off one edge of the map and reappear on the other side.
Ships fuel by pipeline, tank car, tank truck, and barge.
Ships galley with microwave, refrigerator, stove, sink, etc.
Ships get by with verbal reports to dockside observers.
Ships glide by and eagles perch in the trees.
Ships go along the borders like roads, but they can be moved.
Ships go on the border of two sea hexes, or on the coast between a land and sea.
Ships go out into harms way.
Ships go out to blast natives.
Ships go through the Drake Passage, considered to be the roughest seas in the world.
Ships have (part) anchors.
Ships have (part) bases.
Ships have (part) cargo areas.
Ships have (part) cargo decks.
Ships have (part) ceilings.
Ships have (part) fireplaces.
Ships have (part) floors.
Ships have (part) gyroscopes.
Ships have (part) hubs.
Ships have (part) hulls.
Ships have (part) log lines.
Ships have (part) piston chambers.
Ships have (part) readsides.
Ships have (part) ribs.
Ships have (part) rider plates.
Ships have (part) ridge ropes.
Ships have (part) room light.
Ships have (part) rudder blades.
Ships have (part) screw propellers.
Ships have (part) sea anchors.
Ships have (part) sections.
Ships have (part) storage areas.
Ships have (part) walls.
Ships have (part) weather sheets.
Ships have (part) window frames.
Ships have (part) windowpanes.
Ships have a daily newsletter with news, headlines, sports scores, and stock quotes.
Ships have a lifespan and once they've reached that lifespan, they break down.
Ships have a variety of features and are suitable for large-scale dogfights.
Ships have beams.
Ships have bridges.
Ships have captains.
Ships have devices.
Ships have fire protection devices.
Ships have functions.
Ships have gyms foraerobics and lifting weights and there are lots of activities throughout the day.
Ships have masts.
Ships have personalities.
Ships have sails.
Ships have three numerical factors which represent gunnery, armor, and speed.
Ships have to float higher in the water to clear the bottom in shallow areas.
Ships have to shift in order to accommodate to the existing loading systems.
Ships have tractor beams.
Ships heading south didn t leave Russia with empty holds.
Ships hit sails.
Ships hull down.
Ships increase in value as they age due in great measure to their magnificent histories.
Ships increasing in age require more and more maintenance.
Ships last a long time.
Ships leave about every four days.
Ships lie idle in Wellington Harbour.
Ships lie in shallow water and are now covered in corals and fish.
Ships live or cooked Maine lobster overnight.
Ships livestock and produce.
Ships load their holds with coral to sell as decorations for store windows and aquariums.
Ships look nice, as targets or places of refuge.
Ships lose power.
Ships made in Korea carry crude oil and other cargo in all seas of the globe.
Ships maintain stability by storing water in a tank.
Ships mean tourists and tourists mean money.
Ships merchandise worldwide and major credit cards accepted.
Ships merchandise worldwide.
Ships move , roll , pitch , yaw and everything in between .
Ships move across the sea like a sheet of paper blowing in the wind.
Ships move constantly.
Ships move easily across the waves of the sea.
Ships move from anchorage to wharf m.
Ships move in and out of the harbour.
Ships move in formation, just like land units.
Ships name obviously and then it needed something else.
Ships namesake grandson.
Ships necessarily have space limitations and utilize space efficiently.
Ships now go on overseas deployment for only about six months at a stretch.
Ships occasionally sink.
Ships offer excellent children's programs.
Ships only offer a snapshot.
Ships pass up and down the river at the rate of about one every seven minutes.
Ships pass very close to the pier.
Ships plough their way through poisoned fishes.
Ships ply the Red Sea.
Ships powered by diesel engines create and transmit some vibration, especially at the stern.
Ships proceed at a slower speed when whales have been recently sighted.
Ships provide a platform that lends itself to being on station.
Ships provide an opportunity to make observations over a wide area at a particular time.
Ships range from megaliners to upscale, yachtlike vessels to bare-bones research ships.
Ships registry Bahamas.
Ships registry the Bahamas.
Ships regularly carry soymilk.
Ships rely on active defense for protection.
Ships represent a much more efficient way of moving stuff around.
Ships represent commerce.
Ships require significant amounts of both time and thrust to change course.
Ships rest far to horizon.
Ships rust and sink in the harbor.
Ships sail at scheduled times, subject to change.
Ships sail east and ships sail west by the self-same breezes blow.
Ships sail north to investigate islands.
Ships sail out of sight.
Ships sailing into the distance disappear from the bottom up, leaving the mast last to disappear.
Ships show visible and correct damage from hits.
Ships sit on the horizon, as if teetering on the edge of a huge waterfall.
Ships still pull in there to unload their cargo.
Ships take on ballast water in Europe for stability during the ocean crossing.
Ships take on ballast water in their home port.
Ships take on water in their home port for stability.
Ships tend to carry far fewer passengers.
Ships tend to stay clear of stars by a factor of a parsec, if possible.
Ships transmit their meteorological reports via radio or satellite.
Ships transport people.
Ships transport rafts of logs to sawmills.
Ships transport the majority of international trade goods.
Ships traveling from the lake enter the harbor through a short canal.
Ships turn half of their points at the beginning of movement, and half at the mid-point of movement.
Ships typically are dry docked once every five years when in commission.
Ships typically use a cellular phone link when a direct land-line connection is unavailable.
Ships use ballast to help maintain stability when there is no cargo on board.
Ships use physics based inertia with a fixed maximum speed.
Ships use water.
Ships wishing to continue can proceed to Baltimore, Washington D.C., and cities beyond as desired.
Ships zoom around from left to right, or front to back.
Ships often dock at the port with tens of thousands of tons of steel.
Ships often have to change course five times within three miles to navigate the turn.
Ships sometimes float, and sometimes are shown sinking.
All ships are new construction LMSRs.
All ships are now undetected.
All ships are very important.
All ships can change direction whenever they want to.
ALL ships can have unlimited movement.
All ships carry AEDs.
All ships carry tons of various types of cable, from telecomms to power.
All ships come under the same general law.
All ships display multiple levels of damage states, from minor hull scarring to full hull breach.
All ships have a hull rating.
All ships have a jack staff in the peak of the bow which meets the requirements.
All ships have a pizzeria for afternoon and evening snacks.
All ships have a variable RCS, depending on the angle the ship makes with the missile's course.
All ships have blaster cannons as primary weapons but each also carry a different secondary weapon.
All ships have children's playrooms.
All ships have lifts, an outdoor pool, plenty of deck space and room for walking.
All ships have space drives.
All ships have staterooms designed for people with physical disabilities.
All ships have the same best point of sail - according to the docs, and it is dead aft.
All ships have their own strengths and weaknesses.
All ships have unique personalities just as people do.
All ships move before any weapons are fired.
All ships move from heaviest to lightest.
All ships open up right into the sun.
All ships operate on a cashless system.
All ships reach port safely.
All ships sail from the port area in Cebu city.
All ships sailing the Caribbean and Bahamas have accessible staterooms.
All ships sport great detail and tight textures.
All ships used for our conferences have laundry facilities and dry-cleaning services.
Any ship attempting to return is destroyed.
Any ship can kill any other if the ship is used correctly.
Any ship moving through an asteroid field has to slow down.
Every ship carries official tide tables.
Every ship comes with a complete dissertation on sailing.
Every ship has a builder.
Every ship has a medical center with at least one doctor and one nurse.
Every ship has a personality, and some lines specialize in specific traits.
Every ship has a pivot point located in a highly protected location.
Every ship has to have a fire inspection.
Every ship is built from scratch with high grade wood materials using teak and exotic fruit woods.
Every ship is different.
Every ship is supposed to have a log book, which is filled in every day by the captain.
Every ship keeps many different signal flags for use in different situations .
Every ship keeps many different signal flags for use in different situations.
Every ship needs a sail to keep it going and on course.
Every ship needs some form of propulsion.
Every ship needs to be registered in a port .
Every ship needs to be registered in a port.
Every ship nowadays has enough lifeboat capacity for everyone.
Every ship offers, free of charge, motion sickness pills available at the purser's desk.
Every ship offers, free of charge, motion sickness pills.
Every ship requires continuous maintenance whether it is docked, in service, or in use as a museum.
Every ships is built with working lines from the original plans or pictures.
Many ships also have afternoon snacks or traditional high teas.
Many ships also have movie theaters that run current films.
Many ships also have self-service launderettes.
Many ships also offer running tracks or wrap-around promenade decks for walking or jogging.
Many ships also provide college coursework.
Many ships are able to accommodate travellers with disabilities.
Many ships are noisy because of the engines.
Many ships carry a set of flags that stand for the letters of the alphabet.
Many ships carry back-ups or duplicate systems in case their primary system fails.
Many ships even offer gentlemen hosts who can be dance partners, dinner mate or a fourth at cards.
Many ships have alternative dining options.
Many ships have discos, games rooms and a soft drinks bar.
Many ships have more than one system.
Many ships have to reposition from one route to another as the seasons change.
Many ships now have alternate dining venues, including casual venues.
Many ships now have an Internet link and can easily receive attached image files while at sea.
Many ships offer combination treatments at discounted prices, sometimes less than land-based spas.
Many ships offer everything from pools to casinos to activities specifically for children.
Many ships offer tuxedo rental and some ships provide alternative dining options.
Many ships relay summaries of the vertical profiles of temperature back to the shore by satellite.
Many ships use the bay to transport coal, autos and many other things.
Many ships use the convention as a host site for their own reunions.
More ships are en route.
More ships are on their way.
More ships are reportedly en route to Canada.
More ships are under construction and so next year promises to be even better.
More ships hang over Moscow, Tokyo and a dozen other cities.
Most ships adhere to a strict rule that bans T-shirts and shorts in dining rooms at night.
Most ships also have casinos.
Most ships also have self service launderettes.
Most ships also have self-service launderettes.
Most ships also have single cabins as well as single rates for double staterooms.
Most ships also have single cabins as well as singles rates for double staterooms.
Most ships also take orders for Chinese dishes.
Most ships arrive at destinations.
Most ships carry a physician and have a small infirmary for minor ailments.
Most ships carry a theatre arts or cabaret performance couple as part of the entertainment team.
Most ships carry captains.
Most ships carry cargo.
Most ships carry machines.
Most ships carry sails.
Most ships even have casinos.
Most ships have a bar, with a piano.
Most ships have a daily newsletter with news headlines, selected stock quotes and sports scores.
Most ships have a daily newsletter with news, headlines, selected stock quotes and sports scores.
Most ships have a daily newsletter with news, headlines, selected stock quotes, and sports scores.
Most ships have a passenger talent night.
Most ships have a ship-shape fitness program.
Most ships have a small anti-rolling keel along each bilge.
Most ships have a teen program that is specially designed to give kids a chance to meet each other.
Most ships have accommodations in double, queen, or king sizes, too.
Most ships have beams.
Most ships have big windows.
Most ships have cashless payment systems for drinks, shore excursions , etc.
Most ships have casinos.
Most ships have devices.
Most ships have dinner served buffet style in another part of the ship.
Most ships have electric-driven fire pumps located outside the engineering spaces.
Most ships have fire protection devices.
Most ships have functions.
Most ships have hair dryers in the cabins.
Most ships have kids' programs.
Most ships have laundry or valet services.
Most ships have lavish facilities for active passengers.
Most ships have libraries stocked with books and magazines.
Most ships have limited restaurant facilities.
Most ships have panoramic lounges, art-filled public areas and cozy comfortable cabins.
Most ships have sails.
Most ships have tractor beams.
Most ships have two or more seatings for each meal.
Most ships have two seatings for meals.
Most ships lose power.
Most ships nowadays can exchange their ballast water.
Most ships offer an orientation and it is highly recommended that one family member attends.
Most ships offer dry-cleaning service.
Most ships offer free room-service with a limited menu.
Most ships offer port type itineraries, stopping in a different place each day or so.
Most ships offer shore excursions to popular sights.
Most ships provide accommodations for people with disabilities.
Most ships provide transportation for departing passengers from the airport to the dock.
Most ships serve an afternoon snack of ice cream, tea, cookies, and cakes.
Most ships use water.
Some ship crashes into something after being hit.
Some ships also have fax and e-mail capability.
Some ships also offer baby-sitting services and daycare centers.
Some ships also offer babysitting services and daycare centers.
Some ships also offer classes for beginners.
Some ships also use boilers for auxiliary power.
Some ships are able to move and turn in the same game turn.
Some ships are equipped with reverse thrust, basically, they can fly backward.
Some ships are more flexible about breakfast and lunch than dinner.
Some ships are now fully inclusive - including tips in the price.
Some ships are too large for certain ports.
Some ships are very big.
Some ships bring goods from lands across the sea, and others take goods away.
Some ships carry animals.
Some ships carry coffee.
Some ships carry pigs.
Some ships emit light.
Some ships even have butler service for their suites and minisuites.
Some ships even offer entertainment such as discotheques as well as comfortable lounges.
Some ships even offer more educational-oriented activities relating to science and math.
Some ships feature basketball courts, miniature golf courses, ice skating rinks, and so much more.
Some ships feature hair dryers in the cabin.
Some ships feel cramped.
Some ships have a beauty salon.
Some ships have a jacuzzi, all have laundry service and all have a beauty salon.
Some ships have accidents.
Some ships have afterburners, which use fuel and always thrust in the direction the ship is facing.
Some ships have air.
Some ships have beds.
Some ships have boards.
Some ships have dry cleaning facilities.
Some ships have group babysitting in the evenings.
Some ships have line shaft bearings that are force lubricated by a pump.
Some ships have open bridge policies which means passengers are welcome to visit at any time.
Some ships have patterns.
Some ships have self-service laundries.
Some ships have the company name or initials in large letters on the side of the hull.
Some ships have theme nights and costume parties.
Some ships just seem cursed with bad luck.
Some ships maintain crewmember mailing lists or even publish newsletters.
Some ships now have no ram, and are clearly intended exclusively for transport.
Some ships offer child care, special activities, and recreational areas for youngsters.
Some ships offer classes for beginners.
Some ships offer formal dinners and some are more casual.
Some ships offer self-service laundries.
Some ships only allow cigar and pipe smoking on the outside decks.
Some ships opt to dump the waste in the water which is a major tourism attraction.
Some ships start the game in port with some activation requirement.
Some ships take several shots to destroy and the largest ships have shields.
Shipboard activities are many and varied.
Every shipboard activity is included.
Shipboard credits are non-redeemable for cash and valid for one sailing only.
Most shipboard doctors are generalists.
Shipboard dress is casual during the day.
Shipboard environments expose personnel to foot hazards.
Shipboard experience is open to all students under the direction of faculty and staff scientists.
Shipboard fires are also very serious dangers.
Shipboard fires are killers.
Shipboard laboratories allow sample analysis and data processing at sea.
All shipboard life demands flexibility, because of weather, canceled landings, seasickness, etc.
Shipboard medicine involves providing medical support to crew on the ships.
Shipboard missions require deck landings and support operations performed from a ship.
Shipboard missions require deck landings and support while operating from a ship.
Shipboard naturalists provide lectures and commentary.
Shipboard personnel can claim an onshore address or, if none, be counted at the ship's homeport.
Shipboard photography puts certain limits on the focal length and shutter speeds that can be used.
Shipboard scientists collect, analyze and compile data during the cruise.
Shipboard seminars motivate future achievements.
Shipboard shops are boring.
Shipbuilding companies are also potential clients for the laboratory.
A shipbuilding is construction
Shipbuilding gradually becomes an important industry.
Shipbuilding is a case in point.
Shipbuilding is a high technology industry and a global business.
Shipbuilding is a prominent indus- try.
Shipbuilding is carried on to a considerable extent.
Shipbuilding is dangerous business and workers are injured.
Shipbuilding is one of Louisiana's top industries, providing lots of jobs for our citizens.
Shipbuilding is the process of converting a design into steel.
Shipbuilding isa construction.
Shipbuilding remains the chief industry.
Shipbuildings are construction.
A shipmate is an associate
Shipmates are associates.
Shipmates are veterans who continue to serve their nation long after their days in uniform are over.
Shipmates can save a friend's life.
Shipmates can stay as long or as short as they like.
Shipmates can upgrade to a suite for an additional charge.
Shipmates come from all fifty states and seven foreign countries.
Shipmates do things like that.
Shipmates get in touch.
Shipmates take care of shipmates.
All shipmates welcome.
Shipment time is subject to book availability.
Shipment weight is noted on the invoice.
Shipment weight is rounded to the highest integer.
A shipment is a departure
Shipment follows confirmation of receipt of funds.
Shipment goes through several hands and presents many opportunities for damage.
Shipment is always by collect air freight to any location in the world.
Shipment is by airmail where shipping costs permit, otherwise by surface.
Shipment is by first class mail in the United States.
Shipment is by fourth class mail.
Shipment is by surface mail.
Shipment takes place after payment has been made.
Shipments also refers to taxable removals at brewpubs.
Shipments are available on a monthly, bi-monthly or quarterly basis.
Shipments are based on certifications.
Shipments are cardboard boxes of bottled beer on pallets for refrigerator car service.
Shipments are cumulated and sent out weekly, with the invoice enclosed.
Shipments are flight specific and booked in advance.
Shipments are in plain packaging by mail.
Shipments are in volumes of forty or twenty foot containers, but smaller quantities are possible.
Shipments are made as seed is received.
Shipments are only available for the continental United States including Hawaii.
Shipments are pending credit card verification and account balance and standing.
Shipments are predominately chemicals, grain and agricultural products.
Shipments are predominately petroleum, petroleum additives and grain.
Shipments are predominately timber and forest products, agricultural products, and chemical.
Shipments are prompt on almost all items.
Shipments are prompt, factory-direct, and trackable.
Shipments are slow and inaccurate.
Shipments are some three months behind the original schedule.
Shipments are subject to availability and conditions out of our control.
Shipments are subject to inspection upon arrival.
Shipments are subject to quantity or quality inspection dependent on type of merchandise.
Shipments are subject to restrictions of individual participating carriers.
Shipments are subject to stock availability and account approval.
Shipments are subject to stock availability.
Shipments are the responsibility of the customer once they leave our loading dock.
Shipments are the same as sales.
Shipments are to be directed to the department.
Shipments are to be picked up at the EOFF terminals.
Shipments are usually within four weeks.
Shipments are via ground to locations within the continental United States.
Shipments arrive almost every day.
Shipments arrive daily, so our in store and on-line offerings change as well.
Shipments arrive directly from collectors in the Caribbean, Hawaii, Fiji, and other regions.
Shipments arrive in a few days.
Shipments arrive in cargo boats or in barges.
Shipments arrive on or before the time specified.
Shipments arrive to Miami in an average of four days.
Shipments arrive weekly and online merchandise is frequently updated.
Shipments arrive weekly.
Shipments can flow easily, without congestion, into the mainstream of the Interstate highway system.
Shipments can go direct, and are therefore smaller and cheaper.
Shipments can originate in the United States or in a foreign country.
Shipments carrying the computers for the other middle schools and high schools are due any day.
Shipments come in often.
Shipments contain plenty of long lengths to reduce labor and to keep end joints to a minimum.
Shipments continue on schedule.
Shipments continue to be offered for entry, and refused, due to the presence of aflatoxin.
Shipments depart weekly - regardless of container volume.
Shipments generally take between six to eight weeks.
Shipments go out daily.
Shipments heading to Asia move by ocean container from Vancouver.
Shipments Made - After payment clears establishment.
Shipments made by truck are usually shipped collect.
Shipments mean money.
Shipments needing express, air, and international service require additional charges.
Shipments never leave our control.
Shipments occur only after fuel has cooled for an extended period of time.
Shipments offer proof.
Shipments originate from Concord, California.
Shipments overseas vary from country to country.
Shipments range from package size to pallets and full truckloads.
Shipments receive special handling from pickup to delivery.
Shipments reveal current sales.
Shipments routinely arrive from England.
Shipments use beltways, where available, around urban areas.
Shipments often await sailings carrying non-organic bananas.
Shipments usually arrive within five to ten days.
All shipments are bar-coded for easy tracking enroute.
All shipments are by air.
All shipments are by priority mail, domestic and international.
All shipments are by priority mail.
All shipments are by registered mail and insured.
All shipments are by surface mail.
All shipments are C.O.D. or by credit card.
All shipments are carefully packed so that no damage occurs.
All shipments are carefully unpacked.
All shipments are dependent upon product being in stock.
All shipments are double checked and carefully packed.
All shipments are FOB Anaheim, California.
All shipments are free of freight charges if shipped by ups standard ground service.
All shipments are freight collect unless otherwise specified.
All shipments are limited and subject to chosen carrier's handling policies.
All shipments are negotiable.
All shipments are payable within thirty days of statement at net terms.
All shipments are prepaid.
All shipments are professional packaged for safe delivery.
All shipments are subject to any applicable governmental laws and regulations.
All shipments are subject to any applicable governmental laws or regulations.
All shipments are subject to availability.
All shipments are subject to inspection and sampling on arrival to determine if pests are present.
All shipments are subject to postage charges and applicable taxes .
All shipments are subject to product availability.
All shipments are subject to stock availability.
All shipments are subject to the manufacturer's stock availability.
All shipments are subject to the terms on the reverse side hereof.
All shipments are to be delivered to the designated cardholder.
All shipments are to street addresses only.
All shipments are traceable.
All shipments are via common carrier.
All shipments carry due dates that accommodate the initial two-week use plus shipping time.
All shipments come out of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
All shipments come with purchase receipt, directions for use and return information.
All shipments coming in to Saudi Arabia are subject to strict inspection.
All shipments go by mail.
All shipments leave the factory in good condition after inspection.
All shipments made within the state of Texas are subject to Texas sales tax.
All shipments originate from New Jersey.
All shipments pend payment clearance.
All shipments refer to items in stock, barring system failure, etc.
All shipments require a delivery signature.
All shipments require a full deposit before the shipment can take place.
All shipments require a signature for delivery.
All shipments require a signature when received.
All shipments require a signature.
All Shipments Require a Signature.
All shipments require a street address.
ALL shipments require the recipient's signature.
All shipments travel at the risk and expense of purchaser.
Every shipment contains a Hassle-Free Return Form.
Every shipment has a random chance of being reinspected.
Every shipment includes a message of encouragement to fellow medical professionals around the world.
Every shipment is better than the last.
Every shipment is compiled with specia l care to meet the individual needs of our customers.
Every shipment is important.
Every shipment is inspected, tested, and expertly processed.
Every shipment is insured against breakage or loss.
Every shipment is insured.
Every shipment is packed with extreme care, always in brand new condition.
Most shipments are from the warehouse in California.
Most shipments are OK, but a few have experienced long delays.
Most shipments consist of medical and industrial products.
Most shipments have one.
Most shipments have unique features.
Some shipments also go to Canada.
Some shipments are larger than others.
Some shipments are too sensitive to travel along a shuttle route.
A shipowner is an owner
Shipowners are owners.
Shipowners are reluctant to criticize terminals for fear of antagonizing charterers.
Shipowners are well aware that some containers' watertightness are suspect.
Shipowners let their men go to their deaths in leaking ships, until restrained by law from doing so.
A shipper is a company
Shippers are able to pick the best varieties for the mix.
Shippers are businesspersons.
Shippers are companies.
Shippers are logistics partners.
Shippers are now able to benefit from facilities that are more directly responsive to their needs.
Shippers are now able to release or resell their firm capacity rights.
Shippers are only hours from the largest markets in North America.
Shippers are our customers.
Shippers are responsible for meeting applicable regulations.
Shippers are the only reason transportation companies, including railroads, exist.
Shippers are unable to recover their cargo claims for several reasons.
Shippers argue the hike is monopolistic and violates the spirit of free trade.
Shippers can also benefit by having access to more accurate information on freight arrival times.
Shippers can also specify certain preferred providers of services, if they wish.
Shippers can also view their shipments across transportation modes with their trading partners.
Shippers can easily redirect ocean tankers from one destination to the other.
Shippers can help, too.
Shippers can link easily with rail, regional superhighways and coastal water ports.
Shippers can list loads.
Shippers can make unlimited auction requests and receive notification when providers make bids.
Shippers can monitor outbound rail shipments by plant or other criteria.
Shippers can now nominate more easily on the last day of the month for the first of the next month.
Shippers can print it on existing paper documents with existing printers.
Shippers can promise delivery to either Slovenia or Hungary within six hours.
Shippers can purchase extra package insurance with just a few clicks.
Shippers can set up as many rules and permissions in how their bids are managed as they like.
Shippers can take advantage of a different rating system.
Shippers can then select a carrier.
Shippers expect improved services at lower costs from the process of privatization.
Shippers have more international ocean carrier choices than air carrier choices.
Shippers have other regulatory options.
Shippers have two ways of handling the claim.
Shippers locate buyers, normally chain stores and wholesalers in major metropolitan areas.
Shippers move cargo over whatever mode provides the best service.
Shippers now have the advantage of negotiating confidential contracts.
Shippers now have various connecting options on Mexican traffic.
Shippers pay our salaries.
Shippers produce the symbol with standard printers.
Shippers require an itemized listing of the contents and value on international parcels.
Shippers say that puts a premium on service.
Shippers see visions, pursuing illusions Producers have often denied.
Shippers seem to agree.
Shippers spell out their utopian dreams . . .
Shippers take extraordinary measures to ensure every box arrives intact.
Shippers tend to buy truck capacity in one direction.
Shippers frequently consign shipments to themselves, on order bills of lading.
Shippers often repot the orchids just before shipment to the stores.
Every shipper knows that the U.S. railroad industry has been on a merger spree in recent years.
Many shippers accompany their cargo, either with their own staff, or by a sub-contracted inspector.
Many shippers also ship duty-free packages to international locations.
Many shippers view it as the industry's top award.
Most shippers have lots of experience dealing with all sorts of different packages.
Most shippers manage to get only about three vintages per decade.
Some shippers assume there are no requirements for small shipments of hazardous materials.
Some shippers find it easier to send containerized cargo across the United States by rail.
Some shippers say it is taking a month to move a freight car from the West Coast to Texas.
Some shippers treat ammunition as dangerous or hazardous materials.
A shipping agent is an agent
Shipping agents are available in Jordan.
Some shipping channels are kept deeper through dredging.
A shipping company is a company
Shipping companies are companies.
Shipping companies are liable for damage incurred during shipment.
Shipping companies have an unyielding commitment to safety.
Shipping companies have their own men to do mooring services for their ships.
Shipping companies have various options.
Shipping companies prefer container cargo over pallets, the current method of storing munitions.
Shipping companies say they have made good-faith efforts to flush out the pests.
Shipping companies set prices based on the weight and destination of the items.
All shipping companies charge based on the weight of the shipment.
All shipping companies have insurance to cover damage.
All shipping companies require that the original packaging be kept until a claim is settled.
Many shipping companies are reluctant to allow seafarers to make purchases from onboard vessels.
Many shipping companies require the ice chest be placed in a cardboard box.
Most shipping companies have a size restriction.
Most shipping companies offer insurance as one of their services.
Most shipping companies offer insurance.
Shipping container is visible under lights.
Shipping containers are available for fast delivery to carriers for transport to the port.
Shipping containers are available.
Shipping containers are discreet.
Shipping containers are storage devices.
A shipping fever is an animal disease
Shipping fever can exist in mild, moderate or severe forms.
Shipping Fever causes almost one billion dollars of loss each year.
Shipping fever is a common disease in cattle.
Shipping fevers are animal diseases.
Shipping fevers are blood poisoning.
Shipping industry propels the region.
Shipping insurance covers damaged shipments.
Shipping insurance is calculated based upon the total price of the merchandise being shipped.
Shipping insurance is included.
Shipping insurance is optional.
Shipping lanes are under attack by secretive pirate clans .
Shipping lines are only interested in full containers.
Shipping lines can serve such users quite easily by making their standard rates more transparent.
Shipping lines expect the range and quality of services to be enhanced through privatization.
Shipping lines spend a considerable amount of money every year moving empty boxes around the world.
Most shipping lines have a note with funnel colors, hull colors, routes serviced, and so on.
Some shipping lines serve the Argentine market.
Shipping lists Read notes on shipping lists carefully and make changes as directed.
Shipping noise appears as parallel vertical lines.
Shipping weight is lbs each.
Shipping weights determine the price.
Shipping weights quoted are approximate.
Shipping also affects the waters of Island County.
Shipping also comes with recipe packet.
Shipping applies to continental U.S. only.
Shipping approximates the actual shipping cost.
Shipping are delivery services.
Shipping are hires.
Shipping are rides.
Shipping begins as soon as our plants are ready.
Shipping begins immediately.
Shipping begins when the plants begin to break dormancy.
Shipping can add up to two weeks to the initial time required.
Shipping can be a little steep, but worth it.
Shipping can be expensive outside the UK though.
Shipping can be expensive, but their prices are good.
Shipping can be expensive.
Shipping can be quite costly on an auto-scrubber.
Shipping can no longer rely on the regional entrepreneur in a global market.
Shipping can take anywhere from five to ten days.
Shipping charges international delivery.
Shipping charges non-refundable.
Shipping charges standard delivery.
Shipping Check out our shipping rates for details.
Shipping comes from the same location.
Shipping continues to be important to the town.
Shipping costs calculations in our on-line catalog are in one pound increments per item.
Shipping costs responsibility of entrant.
Shipping cows with calves is difficult for most producers.
Shipping crates fly through the air and break open to reveal contraband cargo.
Shipping dates Click Order button above.
Shipping depends on order.
Shipping depends on the amount of the order.
Shipping depends on the items ordered.
Shipping depends on the number of discs ordered.
Shipping depends on the order and is free for several products.
Shipping depends on the order.
Shipping depends on the product ordered.
Shipping depends on where the desk is going.
Shipping depends upon the amount of the order.
Shipping depends upon the item.
Shipping depends upon the order.
Shipping depends upon the products ordered.
Shipping depends upon the size of the product and the shipping distance.
Shipping depends upon the total amount of the order.
Shipping depends upon the type of product ordered.
Shipping does get more expensive as the shipping period shortens.
Shipping enjoys equally calm fiscal waters.
Shipping Enter the listed shipping charges here.
Shipping explains about the shipping costs and policy.
Shipping Find more information about shipping here .
Shipping Find people.
Shipping Find valuable shipping resources.
Shipping generally takes two to three days, so order ahead.
Shipping has a huge future if companies can utilise the opportunities available.
Shipping has clear environmental advantages.
Shipping has the right to expect proper support, intelligent and efficient application of rules.
Shipping here means use of a common carrier to deliver the product.
Shipping includes all postage and packing charges.
Shipping includes cost of transportation, and packaging.
Shipping includes insurance.
Shipping includes re-usable styrofoam container and dry ice.
Shipping involves shipment of water usually.
Shipping is a bit expensive though.
Shipping is a capital-intensive industry.
Shipping is a crucial sector of our economy because of our strategic location between East and West.
Shipping is a far bigger business on the Mississippi River.
Shipping is a feature, as they say.
Shipping is a flat rate to a single U.S. address, regardless of the order amount.
Shipping is a flat rate.
Shipping is a great example because trade with China is the trend.
Shipping is a key means of transportation between the South and the North.
Shipping is a litigious industry.
Shipping is a little extra.
Shipping is a mild deterrent, shipping out of town increases the perception of possible delays.
Shipping is a separate charge.
Shipping is a terrible thing to do to vegetables.
Shipping is a waste of our time.
Shipping is above two bucks and the price on products vary.
Shipping is accomplished using a flat bed semi-trailer.
Shipping is actual cost.
Shipping is added according with the item purchased.
Shipping is added after ordering on international orders.
Shipping is added onto every invoice.
Shipping is added to all mail orders.
Shipping is added to the price of the item.
Shipping is added to the purchase price.
Shipping is additional .
Shipping is additional and depends on quantity and timing.
Shipping is additional and is based on picture size and geographical destination.
Shipping is additional and is dependent on destination.
Shipping is additional and is quoted for U.S. only.
Shipping is additional and varies based on destination.
Shipping is additional for all products.
Shipping is additional on all items.
Shipping is additional on all orders.
Shipping is additional to listed cost of books.
Shipping is additional to prices listed unless otherwise noted.
Shipping is additional, and Oklahoma residents add appropriate sales tax.
Shipping is additional, details.
Shipping is additional.
Shipping is advised, particularly for ultra-American goods.
Shipping is already where the Internet is trying to go.
Shipping is also a major economic activity.
Shipping is also about average.
Shipping is also available at a small additional charge.
Shipping is also available at an additional cost.
Shipping is also available on all products.
Shipping is also available.
Shipping is also easy and hassle free.
Shipping is also excellent.
Shipping is also free.
Shipping is also prohibitive.
Shipping is also spendy.
Shipping is also the basis of the city's highly developed industries.
Shipping is also the central deport for carrier pickup of items leaving campus .
Shipping is also very fast.
Shipping is always a risky venture, with little insurance to cover the liabilities involved.
Shipping is always an unpredictable factor.
Shipping is always available.
Shipping is always easy with our removable standard feet.
Shipping is always free and gift-wrapping is available at no additional cost to the user.
Shipping is always Free anywhere in the continental United States.
Shipping is always FREE within the U.S. and U.S. Territories.
Shipping is always free within the United States.
Shipping is always free.
Shipping is always rapid.
Shipping is always the responsiblity of the customer.
Shipping is an additional charge for the postcards.
Shipping is an additional charge.
Shipping is an efficient and environmentally-sound way to move cargo.
Shipping is an extra charge.
Shipping is an important and integral part of Britain's industry and trade.
Shipping is an important commercial activity.
Shipping is another aggravating factor.
Shipping is another area that can drain profits.
Shipping is another sore subject.
Shipping is approx.
Shipping is at actual cost.
Shipping is at buyer's expense and shipping is from Portland, Oregon.
Shipping is at cost. .
Shipping is at cost.
Shipping is at customer expense and takes about five days.
Shipping is at customers expense and all freight charges are due at time of shipping.
Shipping is at customer's own risk.
Shipping is at priority mail cost.
Shipping is automatically determined.
Shipping is available also.
Shipping is available anywhere in the United States.
Shipping is available anywhere in the world.
Shipping is available anywhere.
Shipping is available as airlines permit, at customers' expense.
Shipping is available at additional cost.
Shipping is available at cost.
Shipping is available at the purchasers expense.
Shipping is available for an addition cost.
Shipping is available for an additional charge at the time of purchase.
Shipping is available for an additional charge.
Shipping is available for both domestic and international flights.
Shipping is available for most products.
Shipping is available from both east and west coasts.
Shipping is available from carload to partial-load.
Shipping is available from various ports in the Dominican Republic.
Shipping is available in certain cases.
Shipping is available nationwide as well as internationally.
Shipping is available nationwide with full service delivery and set up in most areas.
Shipping is available on a global scale.
Shipping is available on hardgoods only.
Shipping is available on request.
Shipping is available on the customer request and is therefore excluded in the price.
Shipping is available only in the United States with international available soon.
Shipping is available only to Canadian destinations.
Shipping is available only to locations within the continental United States and Canada.
Shipping is available provided the temperatures are acceptable.
Shipping is available through several carriers within the continental United States.
Shipping is available throughout the United States.
Shipping is available to Alaska, Hawaii, Canada and abroad for an additional charge.
Shipping is available to anywhere in the world.
Shipping is available to Hawaii, Alaska and international locations.
Shipping is available to most of the countries.
Shipping is available to our out of town customers.
Shipping is available too to anywhere in the world.
Shipping is available upon request.
Shipping is available weather permitting.
Shipping is available within the continental United States.
Shipping is available within the USA only.
Shipping is available world wide.
Shipping is available worldwide at additional cost.
Shipping is available worldwide.
Shipping is available world-wide.
Shipping is available, counter to counter, at purchasers expense.
Shipping is available.
Shipping is Available.
Shipping is based on box size, total weight and the destination.
Shipping is based on certain weights and measures and can vary from state to state.
Shipping is based on distance and weight of total order.
Shipping is based on each item and can be calculated easily.
Shipping is based on over-all size, weight, and zip code.
Shipping is based on size and weight.
Shipping is based on the actual shipping costs rounded to the nearest dollar.
Shipping is based on the amount of the order and the destination.
Shipping is based on the amount of the order.
Shipping is based on the items ordered.
Shipping is based on the total of the merchandise ordered.
Shipping is based on the total value of the order.
Shipping is based on the total weight of the order.
Shipping is based on the weight of the order.
Shipping is based on the weight, value and distance to travel.
Shipping is based on total order amount.
Shipping is based on weight and added to the invoice.
Shipping is based on weight and the delivery location.
Shipping is based on weight of product and location, please see shipping chart on est.
Shipping is based on weight, distance and insured value.
Shipping is based on weight, speed and location.
Shipping is based on weight.
Shipping is based upon actual product weight and distance to final destination.
Shipping is based upon size of statue selected and destination.
Shipping is based upon total weight of the order.
Shipping is basically an environmentally friendly mode of transport.
Shipping is be to paid by buyer.
Shipping is best for large or heavy items and non-urgent supplies.
Shipping is billed at cost.
Shipping is billed by weight.
Shipping is built in to our quotes.
Shipping is buyers responsibility.
Shipping is by a wooden crate which provides perfect protection.
Shipping is by airmail.
Shipping is by best method.
Shipping is by container, piggyback and by railcar.
Shipping is by electronic download.
Shipping is by express courier.
Shipping is by first class mail within the U.S. and via airmail to other countries.
Shipping is by ground and only in the continental United States.
Shipping is by least expensive rate.
Shipping is by overnight courier when available.
Shipping is by priority mail, insured.
Shipping is by priority mail.
Shipping is by registered mail and insured, at the charge of the purchaser.
Shipping is by regular mail unless otherwise requested.
Shipping is by surface mail unless air mail requested.
Shipping is by USPO book rate.
Shipping is calculated after checkout.
Shipping is calculated as a flat rate plus a percentage of the subtotal for the items in the cart.
Shipping is calculated at check out.
Shipping is calculated at checko ut.
Shipping is calculated at checkout at a per item basis.
Shipping is calculated at checkout based on weight.
Shipping is calculated at checkout depending on courier chosen.
Shipping is calculated at checkout for USA and Canada.
Shipping is calculated at checkout.
Shipping is calculated automatically by the weight of the product and the destination zone.
Shipping is calculated based on purchase amount.
Shipping is calculated based on the actual weight of the items and the destination.
Shipping is calculated based on weight and size of item and includes all packing charges.
Shipping is calculated by delivery location.
Shipping is calculated by the amount of the purchase.
Shipping is calculated by total order weight based on chart below.
Shipping is calculated by weight.
Shipping is calculated during the order process and seems quite pricey.
Shipping is calculated during the order process.
Shipping is calculated on the Associate Cost.
Shipping is calculated upon order confirmation.
Shipping is charged according to weight and destination of package.
Shipping is charged at actual cost.
Shipping is charged at cost at the current postal rates.
Shipping is charged at cost.
Shipping is charged at post danmark rates.
Shipping is charged automatically by weight.
Shipping is charged based on actual costs.
Shipping is charged by weight of package.
Shipping is charged by weight.
Shipping is charged on a per item basis.
Shipping is charged on books and videos based on standard shipping rates for products by weight.
Shipping is charged separately for each delivery address.
Shipping is charged to the customer at cost.
Shipping is charged to the customer at our cost.
Shipping is cheap but slow - allow two to four weeks for delivery.
Shipping is cheap, too.
Shipping is completely free.
Shipping is conducted via usps.
Shipping is continental USA only.
Shipping is convenient from Spokane to anywhere in the nation.
Shipping is costly and time is an important factor.
Shipping is costly, or causes product damage or inventory obsolescence.
Shipping is currently available only within the continental United States.
Shipping is currently free.
Shipping is currently only available within the United States, U.S. territories and Canada.
Shipping is delayed due to distributor network.
Shipping is descrete and prompt.
Shipping is determined by the customer.
Shipping is determined by unit ordered and the zip code being shipped to.
Shipping is determined by weight.
Shipping is difficult in the Neva because of the swampy conditions.
Shipping is direct from the seller, so no price mark-ups.
Shipping is divided into Eastern and Western states.
Shipping is domestic.
Shipping is done as quickly as possible, but sometimes there can be a few weeks' delay.
Shipping is done at checkout.
Shipping is done by email.
Shipping is done by normal air mail in an envelope protected by sealed air.
Shipping is done by priority mail and is insured.
Shipping is done every summer, with one or more containers, depending on donations and funds.
Shipping is done from our corporate headquarters in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Shipping is done in flat cartons, no tubes.
Shipping is done on company trucks from our Durham, Connecticut warehouse.
Shipping is done through an express courier at our discretion.
Shipping is done through the airlines and can only be done during the Spring and Fall seasons.
Shipping is done using customer designated freight forwarders.
Shipping is done via Priority mail for most orders.
Shipping is done via.
Shipping is done with the utmost care.
Shipping is done with utmost care.
Shipping is easier and more cost effective.
Shipping is easy.
Shipping is either to a main port or city.
Shipping is essential for trade.
Shipping is expedient and packaging is perfect.
Shipping is expensive.
Shipping is exterior dock.
Shipping is extra and at purchasers expense.
Shipping is extra and explained on the order page.
Shipping is extra and minimum order quantities apply.
Shipping is extra and non-refundable.
Shipping is extra and varies in every country.
Shipping is extra at cost.
Shipping is extra on all items purchased.
Shipping is extra on all items.
Shipping is extra on all kits.
Shipping is extra on all orders.
Shipping is extra outside of North America.
Shipping is extra outside the United States, and dependent upon postal rates to that area.
Shipping is extra to foreign destinations.
Shipping is extra to overseas destinations.
Shipping is extra unless agreed.
Shipping is extra unless noted.
Shipping is extra unless otherwise noted.
Shipping is extra, at cost.
Shipping is extra, at estimated cost.
Shipping is extra, but none of the prices below are set in stone.
Shipping is extra, paid by buyer.
Shipping is extra. willing to break up sets.
Shipping is extra.
Shipping is Extra.
Shipping is f.o.b.
Shipping is fast and cheap.
Shipping is fast and confidential.
Shipping is fast and reliable.
Shipping is fast.
Shipping is figured on the retail value.
Shipping is figured on total after discounts.
Shipping is figured once the weight of the order is totalled.
Shipping is free .
Shipping is FREE .
Shipping is free and returns are hassle-free.
Shipping is FREE and there are no hidden charges or sales tax.
Shipping is free and there is no sales tax added.
Shipping is free and there is no sales tax.
Shipping is free and there's an automatic reorder service.
Shipping is free and there's no obligation to buy anything ever.
Shipping is FREE anywhere in North America.
Shipping is FREE anywhere in the United States.
Shipping is FREE anywhere in the world except in cases of paintings sold by auction.
Shipping is free except for special deliveries.
Shipping is free for a limited time.
Shipping is FREE for a limited time.
Shipping is FREE for all cameras .
Shipping is FREE for all cameras.
Shipping is free for all dog food and cat food purchases.
Shipping is free for all items.
Shipping is free for all of our products.
Shipping is free for all online orders.
Shipping is free for all orders placed online.
Shipping is free for all perpetual plaques.
Shipping is free for all products in our catalog to the continental United States and Canada.
Shipping is free for anywhere in the United States except Hawaii and Alaska.
Shipping is free for art shipped within the United States.
Shipping is FREE for boxes, displays and refill packs shipped within the United States.
Shipping is free for complete systems sales within the Continental United States.
Shipping is FREE for domestic orders on any camera.
Shipping is free for gift certificates.
Shipping is free for online retail purchases sent to addresses within the continental United States.
Shipping is free for Plan members.
Shipping is free for prepaid orders, which includes credit card orders.
Shipping is FREE for the Continental United States.
Shipping is free for U.S. orders.
Shipping is free if a package is purchased A package is skis, boots and bindings or poles.
Shipping is free if also ordering tubes.
Shipping is free if ordered online.
Shipping is free if ordered with a mast.
Shipping is free if ordered with the progesterone cream.
Shipping is free if purchased when making a reservation.
Shipping is free in California.
Shipping is FREE in North America.
Shipping is free in the continental United States.
Shipping is free in the Continental United States.
Shipping is free in the U.S. only.
Shipping is free in the U.S. Two-year warrantee and money back guarantee.
Shipping is free in the United States, except for Alaska and Hawaii.
Shipping is free in the United States, with delivery guaranteed within five days.
Shipping is free in the United States.
Shipping is free of charge within the continental United States.
Shipping is free of charge.
Shipping is FREE on all credit card orders. .
Shipping is free on all faucets.
Shipping is free on all gift certificates.
Shipping is free on all orders that include a featured disc.
Shipping is free on all orders to U.S. addresses.
Shipping is free on all orders, anywhere in the world.
Shipping is free on all orders.
Shipping is FREE on all products in the United States excluding Alaska and Hawaii.
Shipping is free on all textbook orders placed on our website .
Shipping is FREE on any size order.
Shipping is free on domestic retail mail-in orders of six or more items.
Shipping is free on exchanges.
Shipping is free on most orders.
Shipping is free on pre-paid orders.
Shipping is FREE on pre-paid orders.
Shipping is Free on Prints to all addresses inside the Continental United States.
Shipping is free on qualifying orders.
Shipping is free on retail sales.
Shipping is FREE Ships within the continental USA only.
Shipping is FREE throughout Canada.
Shipping is free to all addresses inside the United States.
Shipping is FREE to all countries.
Shipping is free to all parts of the world.
Shipping is free to any address in USA or Canada.
Shipping is free to eyestorm customers.
Shipping is FREE to members only.
Shipping is free to members.
Shipping is free to the continental United States.
Shipping is free to U.S. destinations.
Shipping is FREE to USA, Canada, and Mexico.
Shipping is free when ordered by Internet.
Shipping is free when ordered with flowers.
Shipping is free when ordered with the CD player.
Shipping is free when paid in full at the time of order.
Shipping is FREE with every item .
Shipping is free with the purchase of both books.
Shipping is free with two or more items.
Shipping is FREE within North America.
Shipping is free within the borders of South Africa.
Shipping is free within the contiguous United States.
Shipping is Free within the contiguous USA only.
Shipping is free within the continental U.S., and all major credit cards are accepted.
Shipping is free within the continental United States.
Shipping is free within the U.S. and Canada.
Shipping is FREE within the U.S., Canada, and Mexico.
Shipping is free within the United States.
Shipping is free worldwide.
Shipping is free, and no tax on top of that.
Shipping is free, efficient and quick.
Shipping is free, even interationally.
Shipping is FREE, see site for details.
Shipping is free.
Shipping is Free.
Shipping is freight collect.
Shipping is from Ontario, Canada.
Shipping is ground unless otherwise specified.
Shipping is guaranteed.
Shipping is handled by freight carrier.
Shipping is hard on books even when carefully packed.
Shipping is held during severe freezing periods.
Shipping is higher for more than one item.
Shipping is hostage to events orchestrated by others.
Shipping is immediate for credit card payments, cashier's checks and money orders.
Shipping is immediate on in-stock merchandise.
Shipping is immediate.
Shipping is important in the port of West Sacramento.
Shipping is in addition to our list catalog prices.
Shipping is in addition to unit price.
Shipping is in the price.
Shipping is incl. in Canada.
Shipping is include in price.
Shipping is included , no box charge , no other extra charges .
Shipping is included , no box charges , no other extra charges .
Shipping is included .
Shipping is included and provided by U.S. parcel post.
Shipping is included anywhere in the world.
Shipping is included for addresses within the continental United States.
Shipping is included for all domestic shipments.
Shipping is included for orders that meet vendor's minimums.
Shipping is included for plans and kits.
Shipping is included for U.S.A. areas only.
Shipping is included in all basket prices.
Shipping is included in all of our prices.
Shipping is included in all orders.
Shipping is included in all our prices.
Shipping is included in all prices.
Shipping is included in both prices.
Shipping is included in item price.
Shipping is included in our prices.
Shipping is included in our product prices.
Shipping is included in parts prices.
Shipping is included in price for U.S. shipments.
Shipping is included in price listed.
Shipping is included in price.
Shipping is included in Price.
Shipping is included in prices below.
Shipping is included in prices where applicable.
Shipping is included in the above prices.
Shipping is included in the cost already.
Shipping is included in the cost of all tapes.
Shipping is included in the cost of the item.
Shipping is included in the cost.
Shipping is included in the costs.
Shipping is included in the list price.
Shipping is included in the poster price.
Shipping is included in the price below.
Shipping is included in the price for ground shipments to the U.S. and Canada.
Shipping is included in the price for North America.
Shipping is included in the price of all eggs listed.
Shipping is included in the price of all other items.
Shipping is included in the price of all publications.
Shipping is included in the price of each course, regardless of location.
Shipping is included in the price of exam copies.
Shipping is included in the price of subscription products within the U.S. and Canada.
Shipping is included in the price of the care package.
Shipping is included in the price of the keepsake.
Shipping is included in the price of the photos.
Shipping is included in the price of the print.
Shipping is included in the price of the video.
Shipping is included in the price on berlin covers.
Shipping is included in the price unless otherwise noted.
Shipping is included in the price, except for overseas orders.
Shipping is included in the price.
Shipping is included in the prices shown.
Shipping is included in the prices stated below.
Shipping is included in the prices.
Shipping is included in the purchase price.
Shipping is included in the subscription price.
Shipping is included in the subscription rate.
Shipping is Included in total for United States.
Shipping is included inthe cost.
Shipping is included on all cable orders in the U.S. only.
Shipping is included on all order within the continental USA only.
Shipping is included on all orders sent via priority mail.
Shipping is included on all orders shipped via priority mail.
Shipping is included on all orders to the contiguous United States.
Shipping is included on all purchases.
Shipping is included on all trees.
Shipping is included on the invoice.
Shipping is included to the Continental United States, other areas vary.
Shipping is included too.
Shipping is included unless otherwise noted, and there are no taxes.
Shipping is included up to one year.
Shipping is included with every order.
Shipping is included with most items.
Shipping is included with prepaid orders.
Shipping is included with price.
Shipping is included with unit price.
Shipping is included within the Continental United States.
Shipping is included within the U.S.A. only.
Shipping is included within the United States.
Shipping is included, when ordering from our online catalogue .
Shipping is included.
Shipping is Included.
Shipping is includedin the cost.
Shipping is incredibly expensive elsewhere.
Shipping is inexpensive.
Shipping is insured anywhere in the world.
Shipping is international and email cards are free.
Shipping is International with a variety of methods.
Shipping is largely the opposite of receiving.
Shipping is less as more copies.
Shipping is limited to U.S. delivery only and limited to a single shipping address per order.
Shipping is limited to U.S. delivery only.
Shipping is limited to within the United States.
Shipping is made by van lines carriers which includes in-home delivery and set up.
Shipping is more outside of the States.
Shipping is more, and payment needs to be arranged.
Shipping is much cheaper on large orders.
Shipping is negotiable.
Shipping is negotiated between the buyer and seller.
Shipping is never a problem.
Shipping is nominal, no extra fees or charges.
Shipping is non refundable in event of returned packages.
Shipping is non refundable.
Shipping is non-refundable and entirely the purchaser's responsibility.
Shipping is non-refundable and return shipping is the responsibility of purchaser.
Shipping is non-refundable and return shipping is the responsibility of the purchaser.
Shipping is non-refundable unless the return is due to an error on our part.
Shipping is non-refundable.
Shipping is nonrefundable.
Shipping is normally within one week after funds are received.
Shipping is Norway's principal industry.
Shipping is now as simple as entering an order number.
Shipping is now available to Hawaii, Alaska and Canada.
Shipping is now more or less tax-free internationally.
Shipping is offered across the United States, Canada and to several countries around the world.
Shipping is offered at no charge in the United States.
Shipping is offered to anywhere in the world.
Shipping is on time.
Shipping is one of Greece's largest industries.
Shipping is one of the most competitive and flexible industries in the world.
Shipping is one sector that is far behind.
Shipping is only actual cost.
Shipping is only available to the Continental United States.
Shipping is our single largest employer.
Shipping is paid at time of purchase.
Shipping is paid by buyer.
Shipping is paid by customer.
Shipping is paid by the buyer.
Shipping is paid by the customer for all returns.
Shipping is paid by the customer.
Shipping is paid by the renter.
Shipping is paid by the reseller.
Shipping is paid directly to the carrier at time of delivery.
Shipping is payable by the buyer unless other arrangements are made.
Shipping is permitted with the exception of Nuclear Fission Powered vessels.
Shipping is plain and personal information is never sold.
Shipping is plain packaging and of course personal information is never sold.
Shipping is possible to be paid for by the buyer.
Shipping is postpaid.
Shipping is prepaid and added to invoice.
Shipping is prepaid and added to the invoice.
Shipping is pretty expensive though.
Shipping is priced according to the shipping policy outlined above.
Shipping is pricey but at least they have the wire available.
Shipping is prompt and satisfaction is guaranteed.
Shipping is proportionally less if several sets are ordered.
Shipping is provided at a flat fee per-order rate.
Shipping is provided at an additional cost.
Shipping is provided at customer expense.
Shipping is provided by internationally reputable couriers .
Shipping is provided for all orders.
Shipping is provided free of cost in most instances.
Shipping is provided through commercial airline carriers offering counter to counter service.
Shipping is provided to meet the needs of the customer.
Shipping is provided within the USA at no extra charge.
Shipping is quite inexpensive and our customers to date have been mostly pleased with the rates.
Shipping is quoted and charged at our true cost.
Shipping is quoted during the placement of the order, but before checkout.
Shipping is quoted for heavy books.
Shipping is quoted on an individual basis.
Shipping is rather sophisticated.
Shipping is reasonably quick.
Shipping is safe and hassle free.
Shipping is safe and non-traumatic.
Shipping is same day mailing.
Shipping is seasonal, depending on the destination.
Shipping is shown below.
Shipping is shown separately on the invoice.
Shipping is still at a fever pitch with record shipping volume being set virtually every week.
Shipping is still free in the USA for standard ground orders.
Shipping is subject to train schedules and space availability.
Shipping is taxable in Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, New York and Texas.
Shipping is taxable.
Shipping is the buyer's responsibility.
Shipping is the cheapest and most environmentally friendly form of transportation.
Shipping is the customers responsibility.
Shipping is the department most often mentioned followed by receiving.
Shipping is the hardest part of the project to arrange.
Shipping is the next business day.
Shipping is the principal difficulty because of poor harbors.
Shipping is the responsibility of the borrowing institution.
Shipping is the responsibility of the companies.
Shipping is the responsibility of the purchaser.
Shipping is the same as above and the same restrictions apply.
Shipping is the same as for mounted.
Shipping is the same as for non discounted items, see the abbreviated shipping chart below.
Shipping is the same price also.
Shipping is the thorn in the side of online shopping.
Shipping is to be figured using the scale below.
Shipping is to be made at attendees own expense.
Shipping is to be paid by the bidder.
Shipping is to be paid by the buyer.
Shipping is to be paid by the customer.
Shipping is to be prepaid.
Shipping is to U.S. destinations only.
Shipping is too expensive and slow from Hawaii.
Shipping is too high.
Shipping is traceable.
Shipping is typically same day or next day.
Shipping is uninsured surface mail for North America.
Shipping is uninsured surface.
Shipping is usually by surface mail, air mail, and standard ground shipping.
Shipping is usually free.
Shipping is usually within a few days unless otherwise noted.
Shipping is very hard to estimate.
Shipping is via expedited post and is included in the price regardless of destination within Canada.
Shipping is via first class mail.
Shipping is via postal service, unless other arrangements are made.
Shipping is via printed matter surface unless otherwise requested.
Shipping is via priority or air mail .
Shipping is via U.S. Priority mail with delivery confirmation.
Shipping is vital to the Australian economy.
Shipping is waved on replacement item.
Shipping is weight dependent.
Shipping is what really kills the price.
Shipping is within a week after receiving artwork and purchase order.
Shipping is within the continental United States only.
Shipping is worldwide.
Shipping is x-tra.
Shipping listed is based on one or two items, call for shipping charges on larger orders.
Shipping occurs generally within forty-eight hours of order placement.
Shipping Read our shipping policies.
Shipping requires a street address.
Shipping s self-styled bad boy gets the beers in for friends.
Shipping see above.
Shipping See stock in various transport modes.
Shipping seems to be free.
Shipping seems to be the big bugaboo.
Shipping takes about a week, excluding customs clearance.
Shipping takes about one week.
Shipping takes about three weeks.
Shipping takes approx.
Shipping takes approximately one week for airmail packages worldw ide.
Shipping takes at least one calendar day.
Shipping takes between one to three business days.
Shipping takes forever though.
Shipping takes four days and the cost is calculated during the order process.
Shipping takes one to three days.
Shipping takes one week.
Shipping takes place within ten days of payment.
Shipping takes time.
Shipping takes two or three days.
Shipping takes two to four days.
Shipping then comes to a halt.
Shipping Use reusable distribution packaging instead of throwaway containers.
Shipping varies according to seller.
Shipping varies according to the size of the purchase.
Shipping varies as a function of order amount.
Shipping varies between items.
Shipping varies by weight and destination.
Shipping varies depending on destination, carrier, size and weight.
Shipping varies from merchant to merchant.
Shipping varies on all books.
Shipping varies with quantity and weight of order.
Shipping varies with the destination.
Shipping watches all over the world is the daily routine.
Shipping worldwide is available by common carriers.
Shipping worldwide is our specialty.
Shipping worldwide is their specialty.
Shippings are extra.
Shipping's usually more than sales tax, folks.
Shipping always poses a problem.
Shipping usually occurs within one or two days of receipt of the order.
All shipping is based on the destination, shipping method and the weight of the package.
All shipping is based on weight.
All shipping is billed at actual costs.
All shipping is billed at cost as indicated in the chart below.
All shipping is billed at cost.
All Shipping is billed to the appropriate department.
All shipping is by priority mail.
All shipping is by registered mail.
All shipping is by regular Air-mail.
All shipping is calculated manually and is included on the invoice.
All shipping is charged back.
All shipping is domestic only.
All shipping is done at the advertiser's expense.
All shipping is done in compliance with state and federal quarantine regulations.
All shipping is done parcel post unless otherwise arranged.
All shipping is done through our shipping account at no cost to the employee.
All shipping is done through registered mail at an additional charge.
All shipping is done via first-class mail.
All shipping is done via surface mail only.
All shipping is extra based on formulas shown on each garment's product page.
All Shipping is free of charge.
All shipping is free within the contiguous United States.
All shipping is free.
All shipping is included for free unless stated otherwise.
All shipping is included in each items pricing.
All shipping is included.
All shipping is insured for breakage or loss.
All shipping is insured.
All shipping is non-refundable.
All Shipping is prepaid.
All shipping is registered.
All shipping is standard by ground.
All shipping is standard.
All shipping is the responsibility of the artist.
All shipping is via bulk mail unless otherwise specified.
Most shipping is minimal.
Shippment address is Brazil.
Ships masts are no place for a fight.
Ships names are still uncertain for the last three of the class.
Ships wheel is equiipped with four solid copper electric lighting fixtures.
Shipstrike clocks use the finest German movements designed for mass production.
Shiptrack experiments help to quantify the effect of air pollution on clouds.
A shipworm is a clam
Shipworm burrows into wood substrates.
Shipworm is a marine borer with unique adaptation.
Shipworms are a type of mollusc that decomposes wood, leaving behind calcium deposits.
Shipworms are actually mollusks, related to clams.
Shipworms are clams.
Shipworms can turn solid wood into a brittle honeycomb.
Shipworms destroys wooden boats, docks, and piers.
Shipworms invade new wood as free-swimming larvae.
Shipworms then feed on wood particles and minute organisms found in the wood.
A shipwreck is a ship
Shipwreck isa ship.
Shipwrecks also represent human stories of the highest imaginable drama.
Shipwrecks are a concern for all the atolls in the northwestern chain.
Shipwrecks are a rich source of history and our artistic past.
Shipwrecks are a wood and steel chronicle of the history of naval architecture on the lakes.
Shipwrecks are accidents.
Shipwrecks are apropos of nothing.
Shipwrecks are just a drop in the bucket with what Ontario has to offer.
Shipwrecks are like time capsules, permitting spectacular glimpses into ancient lives and times.
Shipwrecks are located in oceans.
Shipwrecks are located in water.
Shipwrecks are ruins.
Shipwrecks are ships.
Shipwrecks are still frequent, but most of the people drown.
Shipwrecks are the main attraction for divers.
Shipwrecks are the most dramatic evidence of the maritime past of the Keys.
Shipwrecks are the stuff of legend, tragic stories of lives lost and cargo destroyed.
Shipwrecks are wreckage.
Shipwrecks have (part) anchors.
Shipwrecks have (part) bases.
Shipwrecks have (part) cargo areas.
Shipwrecks have (part) cargo decks.
Shipwrecks have (part) ceilings.
Shipwrecks have (part) fireplaces.
Shipwrecks have (part) floors.
Shipwrecks have (part) gyroscopes.
Shipwrecks have (part) hubs.
Shipwrecks have (part) hulls.
Shipwrecks have (part) log lines.
Shipwrecks have (part) piston chambers.
Shipwrecks have (part) readsides.
Shipwrecks have (part) ribs.
Shipwrecks have (part) rider plates.
Shipwrecks have (part) ridge ropes.
Shipwrecks have (part) room light.
Shipwrecks have (part) rudder blades.
Shipwrecks have (part) screw propellers.
Shipwrecks have (part) sea anchors.
Shipwrecks have (part) sections.
Shipwrecks have (part) storage areas.
Shipwrecks have (part) walls.
Shipwrecks have (part) weather sheets.
Shipwrecks have (part) window frames.
Shipwrecks have (part) windowpanes.
Shipwrecks Listen A new book documents shipwrecks along the North Shore.
Shipwrecks offer scientists a unique opportunity to study the past.
Shipwrecks provide a wealth of exciting material.
Shipwrecks provide habitats for fish.
Shipwrecks still happen, but most people drown.
Shipwrecks still occur in modern times despite dramatic improvements in propulsion and navigation.
Shipwrecks tend to overflow with marine life.
Many shipwrecks lie off our coast.
Most shipwrecks lie in the busy Irish Sea area reflecting trade routes with large ports.
Most shipwrecks occur near shore.
Shipwrecked sailors pace the beaches, ever watching for their sails.
A shipyard is work
Shipyard experience a plus, but recent college graduates are encouraged to apply.
Shipyard manufacture light factory, manufacture basic sea vesles.
Shipyard offers a wide variety of design and building of ships.
Shipyard provides excess bronze for children's therapeutic sculpture.
Shipyards appreciate the rational outfitting principles and the fast and reliable deliveries.
Shipyards are workplaces.
Shipyards have limits as to how many ships they can produce based on historical capacity.
Shipyards report increasing prices for raw materials as do some metal producers.
Some shire councils require permits for the use of impoundments.
Shire counties are divided into non-metropolitan districts.
Most shire counties have yet to collect ethnic performance data systematically.
A shire horse is a workhorse
Shire horses continue to be used in agriculture and timber operations to complement mechanisation.
A shire town is a seat
Shire town is an old English terms meaning county seat.
Shire towns are part of shires.
Most shire towns are part of shires.
A shire is a workhorse
Shire intends to cover other significant pharmaceutical markets indirectly through distributors.
Shire isa district.
Shire isa territory.
Shires are companies.
Shires are draft horses.
Shires are located in jerseys.
Shires are strong, steady and reliable.
Shires have (part) county towns.
Shires have (part) shire towns.
Shires is five times our size and it brings many skills to the enlarged group.
Shires plays an instrumental role in the promotion of volleyball.
Some shires have restrictions on the keeping of bees.
A shirker is an idler
Shirker is a mystery about time and memories, and different versions of reality.
Shirred cuff helps keep gloves in place.
Shirt front is wet.
Shirt jacket has button-front closure.
Shirt jackets are a chic alternative to the traditional suit coat.
Shirt sizes change.
Shirt tail features a cute patch with car.
Shirt tail features a cute patch with duck.
Shirt tail features a cute patch with flower.
Shirt tails are available at no extra charge.
Shirt tails are standard.
A shirt is a garment
Shirt approve Milk into lots price beside an finger.
Shirt bells out also.
Shirt comes in bright royal.
Shirt comes standard with wooden button closure cuff only.
Shirt discuss via an roast after kill catalog.
Shirt discuss via an roast after kill hot rod magazines.
Shirt features shoulder buttons.
Shirt is dark-blue and printing is on front.
Shirt is removable.
Shirt isa garment.
Shirt kill at an roast after arose collectibles.
Shirt looks great.
Shirt offend beside no flesh likewise get archway home plans magazines.
Shirt snaps down the front and has a lace accent.
Shirt tell till lots side when borrow black computer cases.
Shirts also come in Extra Large .
Shirts also have to cover the midriff at all times.
Shirts are a quick turn over item.
Shirts are all extra large.
Shirts are ash grey in a choice of sizes.
Shirts are ash grey.
Shirts are available by order only.
Shirts are available for all areas.
Shirts are available for sale at the event.
Shirts are available in a variety of sizes and styles.
Shirts are available in a variety of styles in white and ivory.
Shirts are available in a wide array of colors.
Shirts are available in adult sizes from small to X-large.
Shirts are available in all sizes.
Shirts are available in ash only.
Shirts are available in black, blue, tan, cream, green or raspberry.
Shirts are available in children and adult sizes.
Shirts are available in childrens sizes only.
Shirts are available in crunchberry, denim, and mint.
Shirts are available in different colors, styles and sizes.
Shirts are available in four colors and four sizes.
Shirts are available in grey or white with navy writing.
Shirts are available in many colors and styles.
Shirts are available in medium, large and extra large sizes and feature the band logo.
Shirts are available in Medium, Large and X-Large.
Shirts are available in men s and women s sizes in white, red, institute gray, or black.
Shirts are available in men's sizes medium, large and extra large.
Shirts are available in navy blue, camo green, and black.
Shirts are available in our shopping area for purchase and shipment before the Specialty.
Shirts are available in plain black, black with white ringer and black with white ringer baby tees.
Shirts are available in small and extra-large.
Shirts are available in two designs and five sizes.
Shirts are available in white only.
Shirts are available in white, natural, ash grey, burgundy, sea jade and purple, as shown below.
Shirts are available on a first come first serve basis.
Shirts are available only in white.
Shirts are available through the school.
Shirts are black with a silver or white logo, or white with a black logo.
Shirts are black with white lettering.
Shirts are clothing.
Shirts are dry-cleaned and pressed.
Shirts are fade resistent and UV protected.
Shirts are finally in and are currently available at all shows or through the mail.
Shirts are flung.
Shirts are full cut except for athletic fit which is tapered.
Shirts are garments.
Shirts are generally available in the colors which appear in our catalog.
Shirts are green or white with a new logo.
Shirts are high quality, printed using the best inks for clarity, detail, and longevity.
Shirts are in fine condition, no holes, rips, stains.
Shirts are in limited supply.
Shirts are in relative abundance compared to other garments.
Shirts are in wrap over styles and the tie neck is still important.
Shirts are in.
Shirts are invariably packed in cardboard cartons to save freight cost.
Shirts are just ten bucks each, plus two dollars per order for shipping and handling.
Shirts are lightweight, generously cut and prewashed for style and comfort.
Shirts are located in closets.
Shirts are located in drawers.
Shirts are located in dressers.
Shirts are located in suitcases.
Shirts are machine wash and dry for easy care.
Shirts are machine washable and dryable.
Shirts are made of materials.
Shirts are mandatory.
Shirts are name brands.
Shirts are navy blue.
Shirts are now available as well.
Shirts are now mainly see-through and collars drop down to the belly.
Shirts are of cheviot or silk or flannel, all with soft collars attached and to match.
Shirts are of paper thin material with plaid print.
Shirts are on the rack.
Shirts are optional for men in the deadlift.
Shirts are optional.
Shirts are over there.
Shirts are part of outfits.
Shirts are 'pink' in color .
Shirts are polyester, poplin, or poly-cotton blends.
Shirts are really good quality too.
Shirts are really neat.
Shirts are required for our gentlemen guests and tank tops or similar wear is discouraged.
Shirts are short or long sleeve.
Shirts are softer and last longer with less shrinkage.
Shirts are still available for purchase.
Shirts are to be a round neck T-shirt with sleeves.
Shirts are to be buttoned to the second button from the top.
Shirts are to be tucked and shoelaces tied.
Shirts are to be tucked in at all times.
Shirts are to be tucked in.
Shirts are to be tucked inside the pants and skirts at all times.
Shirts are to be tucked into the waistband of the shorts.
Shirts are to be tucked.
Shirts are to be worn at all times.
Shirts are to be worn with tails tucked in unless the shirt is specifically designed to be worn out.
Shirts are tops.
Shirts are tucked in, clothes are clean and pressed.
Shirts are unbleached, organic cotton.
Shirts are used for advertisements.
Shirts are used for covering.
Shirts are used for dressings.
Shirts are used for match color.
Shirts are used for uniformity.
Shirts are used for warmth.
Shirts are used for wearing.
Shirts are usually light colored, while trousers tend toward dark colors.
Shirts are white with designs on front.
Shirts are white with red and black printing.
Shirts begin to appear in more varied colors and patterns.
Shirts can accommodate any number of names.
Shirts can be either sport shirts or dress shirts.
Shirts can be simple or elaborate.
Shirts can be various colors.
Shirts can ride up in the back.
Shirts Check the site map for a look at what's on our site.
Shirts Click on the image to see a larger picture.
Shirts come in a variety of colors but the bridegroom traditionally wears off-white.
Shirts come in black only.
Shirts come in black or hunter green.
Shirts come in both white and ash gray .
Shirts come in forest green, black, blue, and white.
Shirts come in long sleeve, short sleeve, athletic, fitted, trim fit.
Shirts come in three different sizes.
Shirts come in too many color combinations to list.
Shirts come with team name and number.
Shirts comes in three different styles and the pictures can be placed in different places.
Shirts cover chests.
Shirts designated as having a back design also have a small logo on the front.
Shirts do well on a plastic hanger.
Shirts feature open mesh vents across the back.
Shirts hang to the left, jackets span the back wall, and pants and skirts hang on the right.
Shirts hang wherever.
Shirts have (part) bands.
Shirts have (part) button holes.
Shirts have (part) collars.
Shirts have (part) cuffs.
Shirts have (part) hems.
Shirts have (part) lap covering.
Shirts have (part) pocket flaps.
Shirts have (part) pockets.
Shirts have (part) sections.
Shirts have (part) shirt buttons.
Shirts have (part) skirts.
Shirts have (part) stripes.
Shirts have a pocket logo on the front and the full color enlarged version of the logo on the back.
Shirts have a small image on the front and a larger image of the same on the back.
Shirts have button flaps and pleated pockets.
Shirts have button-down or tab collars, and dark ties are thin to the point of skinny.
Shirts have buttons.
Shirts have collars.
Shirts have four large cargo pockets with reinforced elbows and full width cuffs.
Shirts have front tabs, collar with collar stand, and sleeve plackets.
Shirts have matching pockets and real coconut buttons.
Shirts have smoker's rights messages.
Shirts have the country of origin printed on an inside label.
Shirts have to be an inch wide over the shoulder and no spaghetti straps.
Shirts only go a day under normal circumstances.
Shirts pop up from time to time.
Shirts provide protection.
Shirts Purchase at least two good quality dress shirts for interviewing.
Shirts require two yards of cloth, dresses require five.
Shirts run large.
Shirts then become part of a permanent collection, each new year's adding on to the last.
Shirts often account for the rank smell that sometimes rises out of the locker room.
All shirts are a natural, unbleached color with black and scarlet designs front and back.
All shirts are all men's sizes.
All shirts are available in small, medium, large and extra large .
All shirts are available in white or light gray, and large or extra large sizes.
All shirts are available with a club or team name drop as shown.
All shirts are black with white text ,and they only come in large.
All shirts are cream colored with a dark green map.
All shirts are embroidered on the left chest.
All shirts are extra-large.
All shirts are first quality - no seconds or irregulars.
All shirts are heather gray with blue printing.
All shirts are heather gray with maroon ink.
All shirts are high quality white.
All shirts are in excellent quality and the design is unique - expectations completely fulfilled.
All shirts are light grey with blue lettering on the front, and blue and green on the back.
All shirts are pre-shrunk and made from the highest quality cotton.
All shirts are preshrunk.
All shirts are pre-shrunk.
All shirts are regular cut for great comfort and a neat looking fit.
All shirts are short sleeved unless noted.
All shirts are to be solid white without any logo or emblems.
All shirts are to be tucked in and buttoned appropriately.
All shirts are to be tucked in unless they have a banded waist.
All shirts are to be tucked into the pants, skirts, skorts, shorts, or jumpers.
All shirts are top quality, major brand, heavyweight, and preshrunk.
All shirts are top quality, major USA brand, heavyweight, and preshrunk.
All shirts are wearable.
All shirts are white.
All shirts come in a variety of colors, styles, and sizes.
All shirts come in black or white.
All shirts come in Black.
All shirts come in Gold with Blue lettering.
All shirts come in white.
All shirts come printed on white shirts.
All shirts come with a money-back guarantee .
All shirts come with a money-back guarantee.
All shirts come with an insert.
All shirts come with white lettering unless otherwise specified.
All shirts have a cut out for belly.
All shirts have logo on back.
All shirts have short sleeves.
All shirts have the larger image on the back and the smaller logo on the front.
All shirts incorporate specific front logo art as well.
All shirts play several sayings, sounds, or music clips.
Every shirt comes with a money back guarantee of satisfaction.
Every shirt ends up a masterpiece anyway.
Every shirt is colorfast to retain it's neat comfortable appearance.
Every shirt is hand-dyed which means no two shirts are alike.
Every shirt is now part of a collector series.
Every shirt pull too.
Most shirt backs embroider best if they are from a woven material.
Most shirts are made of materials.
Most shirts have buttons.
Most shirts provide protection.
Some shirts are circular knit.
Some shirts are neat.
Some shirts are still available, but there are limited quantities.
Some shirts are thicker than others.
Some shirts have different molecular structures.
Some shirts have matching decals.
Some shirts have molecular structures.
Some shirts have sleeves , which cover the arms .
Some shirts have sleeves, which cover the arms.
Some shirts have structures.
Some shirts reflect radiation.
Shirtfront band fits between double ply collar.
Shirtings are dressings.
Shirtings are fabric.
Shirtless kids play in yards.
A shirtsleeve is sleeve
Shirtsleeves are often fine, but a light jacket is definitely a good idea.
Shiseikan members shoot for the kid's.
A shish kebab is a dish
Shish kebabs are cooked or grilled on skewers , over hot coals or wood .
Shish kebabs are cooked or grilled on skewers, over hot coals or wood.
Most shit eaters lose their appetite after they cum.
Shit fuck piss cunt cocksucker motherfucker and tits.
Shit is bananas.
Shit is defecation.
Shit is dejection
Shit is diarrhea.
Shit is located in lawns.
Shit is Relative.
SHIT support better come soon.
More shit coming soon, check back.
More shit happens.
Some shit is priceless.
A shithead is a person
Shitheads are everywhere, and drunk shitheads seem to be even more plentiful.
Shitty lighting produces a shitty movie.
A shiva is a week
Shiva also wears snakes as armlets and bracelets.
Shiva assumes all forms.
A shiver is a reflex
Shiver asks if the prisoner has a job.
Shivers are video games.
Shivers has a really good car crash in it, too.
Shivers has lesbianism, incest, every possible thing.
Shkeen dwellings are domes built from red brick.
A shmo is a jerk
SHMO is designed as a teaching aid and replaces the earlier version distributed with the book.
A shmuck is a jerk
Any shmuck can design a web page.
SHNA membership enables more projects and activities for community strength and growth.
Shoal bass are different than redeye bass in that shoal bass tend to grow much larger.
Shoal bass are endemic to the Apalachicola basin in Alabama, Georgia and Florida.
Shoal bass are habitat specialists.
Shoal bass grow much faster than redeye bass.
Shoal Creek is in an earlier planning stage.
Shoal creek shows fastest flow downstream from the falls on the north side of the creek.
Shoal soils are mostly muck, ledgerock, and boulder.
A shoal is water
Shoals are also important to trout during late spring and early summer for similar reasons.
Shoals are bodies of water.
Shoals are more vulnerable to predator attack .
Shoals are more vulnerable to predator attack.
Shoals are near.
Shoals can also be more entertaining, since the fish interact and dance with each other.
Shoals extend from each of the islands.
Some shoals engage in mobbing behaviour .
Shoaling fish come into the site to feed.
A shoat is a young mammal
Shoats are pigs that are just weaned.
A shock absorber is a muffler
Shock absorbers are a very important safety feature in a car.
Shock absorbers are an important part of vehicle suspension systems.
Shock absorbers are automotive products.
Shock absorbers are dampers.
Shock absorbers are free as to type, method of operation and position of location.
Shock absorbers are lever-action type.
Shock absorbers are part of suspensions.
Shock absorbers are very important.
Shock absorbers can be uprated and braking materials can be changed.
Shock absorbers can be very simple or very complex pieces of machinery.
Shock absorbers cushion road vibration and bumps.
Shock absorbers distribute the weight of the vehicle.
Shock absorbers make a rough ride smoother, but shock absorbers on a smooth road are even better.
Shock absorbers protect the suspension system, tires, and the life of vehicle.
Shock absorbers reduce fatigue of wrist.
Shock absorbers reduce shock caused by vehicle motion.
Shock absorbers work in two directions and are critical as working companions to the springs.
All shock absorbers are velocity sensitive or self-adjusting .
Shock absorption is a second key attribute of adipose and areolar connective tissues.
Shock absorption is pleasantly smooth and firm.
Shock chlorination introduces very high levels of chlorine into a water system.
Shock chlorination is a way to protect a private well from coliform, iron, and sulfur bacteria.
Shock chlorination is recommended for all bacterial contamination.
Shock chlorination is recommended when coliform bacteria are detected, or after system repairs.
Shock chlorination is the preferred method for eliminating bacterial contamination in wells.
Shock chlorination is the procedure for cleaning and sanitizing a well or spring with chlorine.
Shock chlorination is used to control bacteria in water wells.
Shock collars are effective, according to the trainer's ability, or lack therof.
Shock cord draws tent snug against vehicle.
Shock cord holds bottle snugly in place.
Shock cords are also helpful when double-poling.
Shock cords connect longitudinal sections like tent poles and color-coded tubing eases assembly.
Shock cords cushion the aircraft as the big wire spoke wheels ease their way over uneven terrain.
Shock cords run from end to end through the poles.
Shock fronts emitted from coronal mass ejections can accelerate particles to high energies.
Shock incarceration is another term for a.
Shock jocks compete for radio listeners by seeking new lows in titillation or incivility.
Shock mount is at upper left.
Shock probation is in wide use in the United States.
Shock resistance is about four times that of sheet acrylic plastic, but less than for polycarbonate.
Shock resistance is another advantage claimed for LEDs.
Shock resistance tells how well a given species withstands momentary blows or changes in pressure.
Shock tactics are all very well, but can spring unfortunate defence mechanisms.
Shock therapy fits well into the economics of private insurance.
Shock therapy is effective in preventing suicide.
Shock therapy is no onetime procedure.
Shock therapy is therapy
Shock therapy is therapy.
A shock treatment is therapy
Shock treatment adds a larger than normal amount of oxidizing chemicals to pool water.
Shock treatment Creating sterile salmon is relatively simple.
Shock treatment is actually very safe.
Shock treatment is effective in eradicating depression.
Shock treatments are helpful in some cases and useless in others.
Shock treatments cause apnea, a temporary loss of breathing.
Shock value comes into play here.
Shock value is a factor in the Kings success.
Shock value is appropriate for horror movies or action flicks, but it ruins a straight drama.
Shock value is good.
A shock wave is a wave
Shock wave has moderate damage radius.
Shock wave is formed if the point source moving faster than the wave speed .
Shock wave travels outwards through all the remaining layers of the star.
Shock waves appear in many forms and in various media.
Shock waves are formed, much like a boat creates a bow wave.
Shock waves are more powerful than sound waves.
Shock waves are roller coasters.
Shock waves are the most plausible candidate for producing non-thermal high energy particles.
Shock waves are very small regions in a gas where the gas properties change by a large amount.
Shock waves are waves.
Shock waves can arise in a number of different situations in astrophysics.
Shock waves can burst fluid-filled organs such as the heart or spleen.
Shock waves compress the tissues and travel ahead and to the sides of the bullet.
Shock waves created in the turbulent stellar wind flow are one ingredient of current theories.
Shock waves end one life, and Reverberate throughout another's.
Shock waves form and drive the surrounding gas outwards.
Shock waves form in the solar wind plasma under a variety of circumstances.
Shock waves form when the jet collides with interstellar gas, causing the jet to glow.
Shock waves produce sound.
Shock waves propagate into the target rocks and the impacting body.
Shock waves slow vehicles down, cause terrific heating and create sonic booms.
Most shock waves produce sound.
Some shock waves are caused by spikes.
Some shock waves are visible near one of the bright stars in the lower left of the picture.
Some shock waves create large waves.
Some shock waves create shock waves.
Some shock waves create waves.
Some shock waves result from extreme heat.
Some shock waves result from heat.
A shock is amazement
Shock absorbing door panel pick-ups and upper door stops.
Shock absorbing rubber armor is quiet and provides a sure grip.
Shock absorbing seatpost and comfort saddle soften rough riding surfaces.
Shock anesthetizes the mind and body to help the victim survive the rape.
Shock apparently strikes the heart.
Shock can also cause a hen to lay an odd soft shelled egg.
Shock can also contribute to the inability to regulate proper body temperature.
Shock can also kill a person who was apparently unharmed in an accident.
Shock can also occur along with rapid pulse, drop in blood pressure, and difficulty urinating.
Shock can also result from severe bleeding.
Shock can be either physical or psychological in nature, though it is frequently a mixture of both.
Shock can be more serious than the injury itself.
Shock can be very serious.
Shock can cause abnormal heart rhythms, and even lead to death.
Shock can follow almost any type of severe injury.
Shock can get worse very rapidly.
Shock can have several different causes.
Shock can lead to the outburst of a hysteria attack.
Shock can occur also whenever reciprocating pumps are used in liquid carrying lines.
Shock can occur.
Shock can shatter containers, releasing the contents.
Shock causes cumulative brain damage for patients, and higher incomes for physicians.
Shock causes the pulse to increase.
Shock causes thready pulse.
Shock challenges the physiological limits of all our human systemic functions beyond their capacity.
Shock chlorinate the well and water system.
Shock chlorinate the well.
Shock commonly accompanies severe injury or emotional upset.
Shock deprives blood flow to the brain and heart.
Shock deprives the body of sufficient blood to function normally.
Shock develops rapidly.
Shock follows, and death usually occurs in one to two days after cold-like symptoms begin.
Shock generally accompanies most severe injuries.
Shock happens at the speed of light.
Shock has adjustable spring preload.
Shock has many definitions.
Shock helps buffer the reality of the loss.
Shock is a common occupational hazard associated with working with electricity.
Shock is a complex condition which leads to critically decreased perfusion .
Shock is a dangerous condition and can be fatal.
Shock is a disruption of the circulatory system.
Shock is a first reaction to death.
Shock is a life-threatening condition and requires emergency medical treatment immediately.
Shock is a life-threatening condition that requires immediate emergency treatment.
Shock is a life-threatening condition that requires immediate medical treatment.
Shock is a life-threatening condition which requires immediate medical care.
Shock is a major critical illness that involves almost every organ system.
Shock is a normal compensatory mechanism hat kick in when the body senses a loss of fluid.
Shock is a normal phase of adjustment for most families.
Shock is a normal reaction in itself and no cause for alarm.
Shock is a normal reaction.
Shock is a numbness or feeling of unreality.
Shock is a possibly fatal complication of pancretitus.
Shock is a quick, easy scare.
Shock is a real time spiritual experience.
Shock is a serious condition requiring immediate medical treatment.
Shock is a state of reduced tissue perfusion that results in cellular hypoxia.
Shock is a systemic disorder affecting multiple organ systems.
Shock is a very late manifestation.
Shock is a word used to describe a certain abnormal state in the body.
Shock is accompanied by disseminated intravascular coagulation of variable severity.
Shock is almost universal following a sudden, unexpected death.
Shock is amazing.
Shock is an intimate thing.
Shock is an invisible epidemic.
Shock is antithetical to learning.
Shock is caused whenever the heart is unable to pump enough blood for the needs of the body.
Shock is characterized by pallor of the skin, weak and rapid pulse, and an irregular breathing rate.
Shock is defined as failure of the circulatory system.
Shock is defined as inadequate oxygen delivery to the cells.
Shock is defined by the victim's degree of vulnerability and helplessness.
Shock is due to low fluid volume in blood vessels.
Shock is everywhere.
Shock is extremely dangerous, and, unless it is recognized and treated, it can kill.
Shock is extremely open ended and exploratory.
Shock is held with oval-slotted socket and handle.
Shock is in and Blue Planet is closed.
Shock is incident from the right.
Shock is labeled cardiogenic when it's caused by the heart's inability to pump enough blood.
Shock is life threatening.
Shock is life-threatening.
Shock is loss of vital blood pressure.
Shock is made worse by pain and anxiety.
Shock is maybe a better word.
Shock is often a consequence of automobile injury.
Shock is often present in severely burned patients.
Shock is often the first reaction of a caregiver.
Shock is present in all cases of accident to a varying degree.
Shock is rare.
Shock is reduced, even when making sudden stops or direction changes.
Shock is separation from reality.
Shock is soon apparent.
Shock is taken over by intrigue as new patterns and texture appear from behind what was once color.
Shock is the actual feeling of impact.
Shock is the commonest cause of death among newborn babies with sepsis.
Shock is the final common pathway of numerous disease states.
Shock is the first danger from a bad burn.
Shock is the first stage.
Shock is the first step in our journey of progressive awareness.
Shock is the global failure of cellular oxidative metabolism.
Shock is the most severe level of trauma.
Shock is the person's emotional protection from being too suddenly overwhelmed by the loss.
Shock is the result and can lead to death if immediate medical care isn t administered.
Shock is therapy resistant.
Shock is usually our first reaction to the impact of loss.
Shock is usually the first reaction.
Shock is well talked about and know by most students who travel overseas to school.
Shock isa amazement.
Shock isa astonishment.
Shock lasts the longest of the stages.
Shock leaves one feeling stunned or dazed.
Shock numbs the mind, blurring or obliterating details.
Shock occurs because of extensive vascular damage.
Shock occurs because of the rapid loss of large quantities of blood.
Shock occurs when blood pressure is lost rapidly.
Shock occurs when the blood pressure drops very quickly, and shock can be fatal.
Shock occurs when there are intense experiences and no defenses at all.
Shock only affects actions the character initiates.
Shock plays well at younger ages.
Shock remains after psychotherapy has concluded, and frequently reveals itself in somatic symptoms.
Shock remains unconvinced.
Shock requires immediate treatment to prevent damage to vital organs and tissues.
Shock requires immediate veterinary attention.
Shock veins as well as crust with a great flow line right through the middle of the crust.
Shocks also control the reaction of the body to road undulations.
Shocks also propagate in the inner and outer disks that orbit the star.
Shocks also transform virtually all of the gas-phase oxygen into water.
Shocks appear which represent traffic jams on the street.
Shocks are a good idea for the extended descents.
Shocks are also fine.
Shocks are collapses.
Shocks are completely rebuildable.
Shocks are difficult to deal with and sometimes there is no easy way of breaking bad news.
Shocks are distress.
Shocks are earthquakes.
Shocks are especially unhealthy for hard drives.
Shocks are fights.
Shocks are illnesses.
Shocks are key to vehicle safety.
Shocks are mass.
Shocks are medical conditions.
Shocks are part of the overall suspension, and a strut is a complete suspension assembly.
Shocks are particularly apparent near the bright stars in the lower left of the picture.
Shocks are piles.
Shocks are pretty good.
Shocks are steel bodied type.
Shocks are surprise.
Shocks are then inevitable, model-independent supernovae can help transfering angular momentum.
Shocks are to be in pure stock location.
Shocks can be fatal.
Shocks can go either way.
Shocks can shake, damage, or even demolish buildings.
Shocks can vaporize dust grains.
Shocks cause damage.
Shocks cause massive damage.
Shocks come about from both neutral and capital-embodied technological change.
Shocks come complete with assembly and setup instructions.
Shocks come in different mounting styles.
Shocks feature adjustable mounts that permit the bike to be lowered up to two full inches.
Shocks range from a mild tingle to some strong enough to make a player drop the controller.
Shocks result from fast solar wind streams running into slower solar wind streams.
Shocks tend to be more shocking, in terms of fiction, when they occur in isolation.
Shocks use a variety of materials to soak up bumps.
Shocks use hydraulic friction to damp out or resist suspension motion.
Shock often accompanies severe injury or illness.
Shock often occurs.
Shock sometimes causes a person to become overly excited and anxious.
Shock usually accompanies severe injury or emotional upset.
Shock usually comes in two varieties, liquid and powder.
Shock usually occurs as an initial, instinctive reaction to the awareness of imminent death.
All shocks also feature high pressure gas and can be rebuilt and revalved.
All shocks are precision manufactured to exacting specifications.
More shocks are yet to come.
Most shocks affect groups of countries or regions within countries.
Most shocks are due to improperly grounded equipment.
Most shocks cause damage.
Most shocks cause massive damage.
Most shocks do the same thing, in the same way, only with different fluids.
Some shock waves trigger earthquakes.
Some shocks use oil and special gasses.
Shocked flows are of particular interest.
Shocked quartz contains tiny fracture planes.
Shocked quartz is formed when quartz crystals undergo a sudden pulse of great pressure.
Shocked quartz is found at nuclear bomb sites and known meteorite impact areas.
Shocked quartz is the resultant of high pressure befalling upon ordinary quartz.
Shocking footage shows that mass executions are commonplace.
Shocking photographs illustrating some recent incidents are in private circulation.
Shocking pinks swirl with cobalt blues and leafy greens.
Shockings are medical treatments.
Shockproof spring handle.
Shockwatch distribution is worldwide through a network of strategic partners and resellers.
Shoddy buildings exacerbate damage of Gujarat earthquake.
Shoddy construction is blamed for the collapse of many buildings across Taiwan during the quake.
Shoddy construction is only half the story here.
Shoddy construction is responsible for most of the deaths.
Shoddy construction is to blame for many of the casualties .
Shoddy defense is among the most often-cited reasons for wrongful conviction in capital cases.
Shoddy display is one thing.
Shoddy goods are always expensive even when they're cheap.
Shoddy props is part of the job.
Shoddy research has consequences.
Shoddy research is nothing to celebrate.
Shoddy service is the norm.
Shoddy work done by a few contractors is the heart of the problem.
Shoddy workmanship is another of mankind's abominations.
A shoddy is wool
Shoddy is accused of farting on a planet where such acts are outlawed.
Shoe boxes are an ideal size for a book box.
Shoe boxes are excellent for small toys and art supplies.
Shoe boxes are useful for tapes, small pieces and art supplies.
Shoe boxes can be a train.
Shoe boxes can be blocks.
Shoe boxes hold parts of projects in progress.
Shoe boxes make excellent dioramas, communities and villages.
Shoe boxs are cardboard boxs.
Some shoe factories make special shoes to measure.
Shoe horns are a great help, but the best ones have long handles.
Shoe lace is lacing
Shoe laces are real leather.
Shoe people say it's just time to clean up and settle down after the recent embellishment overdose.
Shoe polish contains chemical substances which can be absorbed through the skin, or inhaled.
Shoe polish is applied to the shoe using a rag , cloth , or brush .
Shoe polish is intended to be reasonably waterproof.
Shoe polish is polish
Shoe polish is usually flammable , can be toxic , and, if misused, can stain skin.
Shoe repair can mean anything from replacing a heel lift to a complete rebuild.
Shoe repair is adequate.
Shoe repair is satisfactory.
Shoe size increases as one gets older and even more as one gains weight.
Shoe trees keep the original shape and prevent cracking.
A shoe is a covering
SHOE allows authors to annotate their pages with ontology-based knowledge about page contents.
SHOE allows web page authors to annotate their web documents with machine-readable knowledge.
Shoe covers close with a drawstring.
Shoe divide Truth inside mount in that pine and master under the disease.
Shoe enjoy except whatever nephew therefore written buy basketball jersey.
Shoe escort rs turbo.
Shoe inline skating sites.
Shoe isa artifact.
Shoe kill Plate toward several plan past one thread.
Shoe mount for fully automatic operation.
Shoe opens wide for easy foot insertion.
Shoe rhymes with new , too, and do, even though the endings are spelled differently.
Shoe seem below lots puma.
Shoe shine in Istanbul.
Shoe shine in the men's department.
Shoe shining is conducted in connection.
Shoe stretches nearly a full size.
Shoe study till either cheerleading and dance.
Shoe womens boucle fleece drawstring pants.
Shoes affect balance and balance is a good predictor of falls.
Shoes also are a sacred thing.
Shoes also hang from the walls.
Shoes also hold a particularly dear place in legal hearts.
Shoes also keep children's feet from contact with animal wastes and the infections that can result.
Shoes are a big deal.
Shoes are a big thing here.
Shoes are a common problem for bouncers.
Shoes are a fine thing.
Shoes are a human thing.
Shoes are a little like mattresses.
Shoes are a lot like prescription medicine.
Shoes are a lot more complicated than they used to be.
Shoes are a luxury.
Shoes are a major source of foot pain.
Shoes are a matter of individual choice.
Shoes are a necessary evil.
Shoes are a necessity.
Shoes are a no no, and the golf cart mode of transportation is unique and fun.
Shoes are a part of our history and our future.
Shoes are a personal preference.
Shoes are a popular buy.
Shoes are a problem.
Shoes are a second category and China has a massive share of the world market.
Shoes are a status symbol and are polished often.
Shoes are a type of footwear that protects the foot and the soles of the feet.
Shoes are a very important item.
Shoes are also a problem for most people.
Shoes are also a sign of education in some countries.
Shoes are also available for porters, but are in limited supplies.
Shoes are also part of the skater gear.
Shoes are always a big question mark for whitewater adventures.
Shoes are always available for rental too.
Shoes are American five spoke with big meats on the back.
Shoes are an important part of shopping.
Shoes are an integral part of orthotic therapy.
Shoes are another matter.
Shoes are at the top of the list.
Shoes are available for rent from the Blue Bonnet concession stand.
Shoes are available in narrow, normal, and plant crusher sizes.
Shoes are available in other colors upon request.
Shoes are available locally, although they are expensive and often poorly made.
Shoes are available to rent and there are bowling balls available.
Shoes are banal, yes, and thus an interesting unexpected catalyst.
Shoes are black and blue.
Shoes are black patent leather worn with hose to match the trousers.
Shoes are blunt-toed and flat.
Shoes are capable of trips.
Shoes are cases.
Shoes are clothing.
Shoes are comfortable and well made.
Shoes are dirty, they make the floors and the tatami mats dirty.
Shoes are dirty.
Shoes are easily accessible in their own exterior pocket.
Shoes are especially important.
Shoes are essential, but also costly.
Shoes are essential.
Shoes are expensive, but very necessary.
Shoes are fairly inexpensive in Vienna.
Shoes are feetist.
Shoes are footwear.
Shoes are free.
Shoes are generally best to wear while exercising.
Shoes are here.
Shoes are huge.
Shoes are important armor.
Shoes are important, and stuff.
Shoes are important.
Shoes are in bins by size.
Shoes are in excellent condition.
Shoes are in short supply in most countries.
Shoes are in very good condition.
Shoes are individually, handmade.
Shoes are irrelevant, however, without the proper bodily clothing.
Shoes are just beautiful and perfect size.
Shoes are key.
Shoes are labor intensive and wheat is capital intensive.
Shoes are labor intensive and wheat is capital-intensive.
Shoes are leather or fabric matching the costume.
Shoes are likely the toughest packing decision of all.
Shoes are located in beds.
Shoes are located in boxs.
Shoes are located in closets.
Shoes are located in desks.
Shoes are located in floors.
Shoes are located in foots.
Shoes are located in homes.
Shoes are located in houses.
Shoes are located in rugs.
Shoes are located in stores.
Shoes are located in suitcases.
Shoes are located in tables.
Shoes are located in weddings.
Shoes are located near foots.
Shoes are made of leathers.
Shoes are made of many different types of materials , such as leather , fabric , and plastic .
Shoes are made of many different types of materials, such as leather, fabric, and plastic.
Shoes are made of materials.
Shoes are made of natural materials.
Shoes are mainly for show or to go with the outfit.
Shoes are mandatory, but no spikes.
Shoes are more solid than strappy.
Shoes are nasty things.
Shoes are necessary to promote foot development .
Shoes are next.
Shoes are nice also.
Shoes are now in stock and ready for immediate shipment.
Shoes are now lightweight, stylish, and waterproof.
Shoes are now so user friendly, lightweight and maneuverable.
Shoes are of paramount importance.
Shoes are often one of the first things that employers remember about an interviewee.
Shoes are optional almost everywhere except, again, at exclusive restaurants.
Shoes are optional but they are better for the horse.
Shoes are optional.
Shoes are part of clothing.
Shoes are personal taste and sometimes looks are more important to some people than others.
Shoes are probably one of the most important parts of a running program.
Shoes are probably the most popular shoes out today.
Shoes are really the only equipment one needs to play.
Shoes are returnable only if they are completely unworn and unscuffed .
Shoes are shoes.
Shoes are software.
Shoes are still with three straps in excellent condition.
Shoes are the anchor of style.
Shoes are the base upon which a person stands.
Shoes are the foundation to a solid game.
Shoes are the least appreciated pieces of golf equipment.
Shoes are the most important accessories.
Shoes are the most important piece of equipment.
Shoes are the product of shoemaking, money is the product of commercial business.
Shoes are the same.
Shoes are the tools our oppressors use to keep our feet in bondage.
Shoes are to be clean, properly laced, and worn at all times.
Shoes are to be left in the garage.
Shoes are to be of basic design.
Shoes are to be of firm leather with a slip resistant sole.
Shoes are to be suitable for school activities such as recess and physical education.
Shoes are to be taken off and slippers put on.
Shoes are to be taken off before entering.
Shoes are to be the standard basketball, tennis or jogging sneakers.
Shoes are to be worn at all times at the work site.
Shoes are to be worn at all times.
Shoes are to be worn in all public places, and shirts are to always be worn, even athletic events.
Shoes are to be worn in public campus areas.
Shoes are to be worn in the building.
Shoes are to be worn on campus.
Shoes are to be worn.
Shoes are too pedestrian, too confining, too predictable.
Shoes are trendy and they count toward detail and hold as much weight as a good manicure.
Shoes are under the bed.
Shoes are used for fashion.
Shoes are used for sales.
Shoes are used for walking.
Shoes are used for wearing.
Shoes are used for worns.
Shoes are very important.
Shoes are vitally important also.
Shoes are white.
Shoes are wonderful out on the economy.
Shoes become the protective barrier between the runner and the road.
Shoes belonging to the rich and famous enjoy a very special pride of place.
Shoes Bring a formal and a casual.
Shoes Bring one pair of good comfortable walking shoes.
Shoes can be either low or high top but good ankle support is preferable.
Shoes can be moccasins, clogs, flat Chinese slippers or leather shoes or boots.
Shoes can be whimsical or relevant to a theme or event.
Shoes can dramatically affect foot mechanics.
Shoes can have a high heel, or a low heel.
Shoes can make a difference on the touch of the ball.
Shoes can only be reset a limited number of times, then the horse requires new shoes.
Shoes can provide certain kinds of protection.
Shoes can run a full size short like a few import gym shoes.
Shoes can sometimes actually be the culprit in running injuries.
Shoes can twist while nailing and end up installed crooked.
Shoes cause blisters.
Shoes cause more pressure on the toes and cause painful corns.
Shoes change every season.
Shoes Clean the soles with a damp rag.
Shoes come in blue, yellow, red , green, and black.
Shoes come in color shown.
Shoes come in pairs , with one shoe for each foot .
Shoes come in pairs, with one shoe for each foot.
Shoes come with a complementary pair of socks.
Shoes complete the look of most casual outfits, and they can spoil it just as easily as enhance it.
Shoes crunch down upon Africa's Middle Ages.
Shoes delight our soul, but they also can pinch our toes.
Shoes designed for cycling have rigid or semi-rigid soles.
Shoes designed for hard court usually have the most.
Shoes designed for rock climbing are available for use by our students.
Shoes designed specifically for weightlifting are surprisingly important to balance and stability.
Shoes fall into several different categories and are designed for different uses.
Shoes fall off.
Shoes fit into the same category.
Shoes fit well.
Shoes get tricky, though.
Shoes go flopping everywhere, flip, flop, flip, flop.
Shoes grant stability, control.
Shoes have (part) half soles.
Shoes have (part) heel counters.
Shoes have (part) heels.
Shoes have (part) sections.
Shoes have (part) shoe collars.
Shoes have (part) shoelaces.
Shoes have (part) toe boxes.
Shoes have a non-marking positive traction outsole.
Shoes have a thickness to the steel that physically lifts the hoof from the ground.
Shoes have brake pad materials.
Shoes have cleats for added traction.
Shoes have flexible rubber soles.
Shoes have flexible soles.
Shoes have heels.
Shoes have high heels.
Shoes have lace.
Shoes have loose lined and ventilated army duck uppers for cool comfort.
Shoes have materials.
Shoes Have one pair of basic black or brown shoes.
Shoes have permanent-set eyelets for easy lacing.
Shoes have personality, the sexy stilleto, the powerful pump, the sensible loafer.
Shoes have rubber soles.
Shoes have soles.
Shoes have their place in a zippered lid.
Shoes have to be cool, but they have to be seriously comfortable.
Shoes have to have a closed toe and heel.
Shoes have velcro.
Shoes Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Shoes identify function and walk of life.
Shoes increase performance.
Shoes indicate a lot about female sexuality.
Shoes is shoes.
Shoes made of fabric are available everywhere.
Shoes made of leather can reduce the possibility of skin irritations.
Shoes make a big difference, coupled with posture too.
Shoes make an outfit.
Shoes make from materials.
Shoes make from other materials.
Shoes make the man, or so some say.
Shoes now have a separate home in the lid.
Shoes offer options.
Shoes Open toe heels and sandals filled the runways.
Shoes own pack string and assists the horse handler with shoeing other park animals when available.
Shoes play only a partial but significant role in creating deformed and painful feet.
Shoes proclaim the foot.
Shoes protect feet from getting hurt.
Shoes protect feet from rough or sharp surfaces.
Shoes protect our feet.
Shoes protect the hooves and help maintain a healthy shape and balance.
Shoes provide an instant update.
Shoes provide better footing when leaving the boat.
Shoes provide for protection from injury, cold, or burns.
Shoes provide more leverage against the ankle, thus increasing the risk.
Shoes provide protection.
Shoes ram into the ground, the heels flashing like metal.
Shoes range from boots to pink tennis shoes.
Shoes really are very different in terms of the way they're built.
Shoes really make the world go round.
Shoes represent the covering of the understanding.
Shoes seem easier to score than the guy.
Shoes seem to be the defining element of the outfit around here.
Shoes shining service is available.
Shoes shown are real baby shoes, but shoe patterns are included.
Shoes signify the creation of a new family unit.
Shoes sit in live rooms.
Shoes sit in rooms.
Shoes sit on a shelf below and ties hang on a tie rack.
Shoes slip on and off quickly with no tieing.
Shoes specifically designed for walking are best.
Shoes store easily underneath, out of the way, but still handy to get to.
Shoes tend to be clunky with wide heels.
Shoes typically lose their cushioning after three to six months of regular use.
Shoes wear black or dark colored dress shoes.
Shoes wear down very gradually, and it can be difficult to recognize it without a reference point.
Shoes Wear flat shoes at all times.
Shoes wear out.
Shoes womens high heel.
Shoes work in the injury formula in much the same way that anatomy does.
All shoes are available in limited sizes and are shipped on a first come first serve basis.
All shoes are brand new un-boxed and are all assorted by styles, colors and genders.
All shoes are brand new unless otherwise specified in the description.
All shoes are deadstock and in original box.
All shoes are dyeable unless otherwise noted.
All shoes are first quality and carry the manufacturer's standard warranty.
All shoes are handmade to measure.
All shoes are in boxes.
All shoes are in good repair.
All shoes are mixed store returns and overstock from major department stores.
All shoes are pairs with one of each of the shoes autographed.
All shoes are resoleable.
All shoes are slippery in icy conditions.
All shoes feature complete leather linings, feather-light soles, and a shock absorbing concave heel.
All shoes have a cushioning system.
All shoes have a limited shelf life.
Any shoe can be speical ordered.
Every shoe has a story.
Every shoe is a short story.
Every shoe is a surprise.
Every shoe is handcrafted by Italian mastercrafters and feature pristine Italian leather.
Every shoe is handcrafted with the finest materials.
Every shoe is handmade from start to finish.
Every shoe is shock absorbent and features specially designed cushioned insoles.
Most shoes are black.
Most shoes are made of materials.
Most shoes are made of natural materials.
Most shoes feature a sole that is beveled back underfoot, resulting in more stable edging.
Most shoes have a rubber or sometimes leather sole.
Most shoes have brake pad materials.
Most shoes have flexible rubber soles.
Most shoes have flexible soles.
Most shoes have materials.
Most shoes have rubber soles.
Most shoes have soles.
Most shoes increase performance.
Most shoes make from materials.
Most shoes make from other materials.
Most shoes offer options.
Most shoes provide protection.
Most shoes sit in live rooms.
Most shoes sit in rooms.
Some shoes affect results.
Some shoes are very asymmetrical, meaning there is a pronounced displacement toward the big toe.
Some shoes buckle some shoes clip some shoes zip and zap they rip.
Some shoes can run a half size short, like most gym shoes.
Some shoes conduct electricity.
Some shoes conduct static electricity.
Some shoes do come in varying widths.
Some shoes encourage a horse to perform in a desired manner.
Some shoes generate electricity.
Some shoes have fairly straight lines.
Some shoes have heels.
Some shoes have pad heels.
Some shoes have tendencies.
Some shoes help athletes.
Some shoes incur the death penalty.
Some shoes just hold up better than others.
Some shoes look like sneakers.
Some shoes present similar problems.
Some shoes prevent infection.
Some shoes run large, others can run small.
Some shoes take no time to get used to.
Some shoes use a soft rubber sole.
A shoebill is a wader
Shoebills reproduce slowly, requiring many years before becoming reproductively active.
A shoebox is a structure
Shoebox can check consistency of the lexical data before exporting it.
Shoebox checks the consistency of data links to make sure that the related record and field exists.
Shoebox expects to find all the database type files for a project in the settings folder .
Shoebox expects to find all the language encoding files for a project in the settings folder .
Shoebox goes with researchers through all the stages of their field work.
Shoebox helps in Bible translation around the world.
Shoebox ignores all data that follows an end of file character.
Shoebox is a database management program designed especially for use by field linguists.
Shoebox is a database program oriented to the needs of a field linguist's dictionary.
Shoebox is currently available as a free download.
Shoeboxes contain school supplies and toys for the children.
Shoeboxes make great settings for an ocean scene diorama.
Shoeboxes work well for tiny birds.
Shoeboxs are boxs.
Shoeboxs are structures.
A shoehorn is a device
Shoehorns also protect the heel linings from unnecessary abuse.
A shoelace is lacing
Shoelace also has a web page.
Shoelace isa cord.
Shoelaces are also articles of footwear.
Shoelaces are also incredibly resilient to stress.
Shoelaces are fasteners.
Shoelaces are footwear.
Shoelaces are lace.
Shoelaces are located in stores.
Shoelaces are made of textiles.
Shoelaces are objects.
Shoelaces are part of shoes.
Shoelaces are to be kept tied to prevent tripping type accidents.
Shoelaces are to be tied.
Shoelaces drop lazily onto an finished dais, oiled and uneven.
Shoelaces have (part) sections.
Shoelaces remain untied on all three people.
Some shoelaces are part of mocassins.
Some shoelaces are part of moccasins.
Some shoelaces are part of sandals.
Some shoelaces are part of shoes.
A shoemaker is a maker
Shoemaker agrees that alcohol is dehydrating.
Shoemaker agrees with Hugo that statutes of limitation for states are quite variable.
Shoemaker brings together several themes to create an eclectic definition.
Shoemaker deserves tremendous credit for being the voice that brought mold illness to our awareness.
Shoemaker feels the VICP's table of injuries is controversial.
Shoemaker gives the average flux of asteroids by the kinetic energy.
Shoemaker is second on the team in total minutes played but no one ever really notices.
Shoemaker is so strong and powerful.
Shoemaker oversees all operations including business strategy, product development and marketing.
Shoemakers also dye and polish the shoes.
Shoemakers hang out a gigantic shoe.
Shoemakers has a road that runs along the river for several miles.
Shoemakers still have family reunion there every year.
Every shoemaker looks on that proverb with appropriate contempt.
A shofar is a horn
Shofar ranges far and wide in a multicisciplinary world that spans four thousand years.
Most shofars retain a slight, lingering reminiscence of their humble origin, the ram.
A shogi is a chess game
Shogi is a member of the chess family popular in Japan.
Shogi is Japan's version of chess.
Shogi is more complicated and difficult than chess.
Shogi is much like 'western' chess, but has some very interesting differences.
Shogis are chess.
Shogis are games.
A shogun is a potentate
Shoguns control Japan for more than six centuries.
Shojo anime is literally girl's anime, in other words romance is the main theme of the anime.
Shokaku fires laser, a miss.
Shoni shin is for children.
Shook also fishes with tiny titanium hooks that no one can buy yet.
Shook isn t looking to get richer and sell out.
Shooks are barrels.
Shooks Run Drains through a involved older residential area near downtown.
Some shoot glass contains proteins.
Shoot moths feed on buds.
Shoot beams off to the sides or frontwards and backwards.
Shoot bearing compound thorn branches beset with spiny scale leaves.
Shoot isa plant part.
Shoots also arise from the nodes, forming roots and new plants.
Shoots appear after about two weeks.
Shoots appear from the crown early in spring.
Shoots are a beautiful cream and violet color.
Shoots are cylindrical or slightly angled and usually smooth and slender.
Shoots are delicious and can be eaten raw.
Shoots are delicious.
Shoots are edible but inferior.
Shoots are edible.
Shoots are erect or grow along the ground and become erect at the tips.
Shoots are erect, pale green and unbranched.
Shoots are girdled and killed.
Shoots are heavy and are often difficult to establish when transplanted.
Shoots are more complex.
Shoots are one of the best, sweet right out of the ground.
Shoots are shooting.
Shoots are slender and spurs are weak.
Shoots are sprouts.
Shoots are stunted.
Shoots are thin and flexuose.
Shoots are usually positively phototropic whereas roots are negatively phototropic.
Shoots are usually visible the second year.
Shoots are very good.
Shoots are weak.
Shoots arise from a stout rhizome.
Shoots arise from buds on wood one or more years old and bear leaves, flowers and fruit.
Shoots arise from compound buds that are initiated around bloom during the previous growing season.
Shoots arise from roots.
Shoots become water-soaked and turn black.
Shoots become water-soaked, wilted, and turn black.
Shoots become woody as they mature.
Shoots begin regenerating within two weeks with minimum callus development.
Shoots can be slow to emerge.
Shoots come up from the roots of larger trees.
Shoots consist of stems, leaves, and flowers.
Shoots contain leaves.
Shoots continue emerging from the soil throughout the spring.
Shoots continue to sprout but they are extremely skinny, rather than the typical broad, fat shoots.
Shoots develop from buds.
Shoots develop from lateral buds.
Shoots develop from roots.
Shoots develop into stems.
Shoots die back from the tip.
Shoots die back from tips, often have crook at tips.
Shoots die back.
Shoots die from the tips back with dark brown cankers forming.
Shoots elongate on leaf piece.
Shoots emerge from seeds.
Shoots emerge from surfaces.
Shoots emerge in spring.
Shoots foam six feet with the squeeze of a handle.
Shoots form buds.
Shoots form dormant buds.
Shoots form two to three years after infection.
Shoots formed during the current or previous season are best.
Shoots forming one year carry bright yellow flowers the following spring.
Shoots get stuck trying to elongate.
Shoots grades on forms to required elevation.
Shoots grow from fleshy rhizomes.
Shoots grow from rhizomes.
Shoots grow from roots.
Shoots grow from underground rhizomes.
Shoots grow in flushes, showing rapid growth, then stopping as the apical bud aborts.
Shoots grown on the ground such as lettuce celery or onions, are for our mental development.
Shoots have (part) sections.
Shoots have a longer growth period than any associated conifer.
Shoots have foliage.
Shoots have green foliage.
Shoots have leaves.
Shoots have pale foliage.
Shoots have pale green foliage.
Shoots make great corporate meetings.
Shoots originate from bases.
Shoots originate from roots.
Shoots paint like crazy.
Shoots photosynthesize most of the carbohydrate requirement and have a high light requirement.
Shoots produce flowers.
Shoots produced in late summer often terminate in an infloresence the following spring.
Shoots prostrate, willowy, twisted, and lack vigor.
Shoots seem new and small, but to reach the light they can break through brick walls.
Shoots seem new and weak, but to reach the light they can break open brick walls.
Shoots seem small, but to reach light can break through brick walls.
Shoots seem very weak, but to reach the light they can break open brick walls.
Shoots seem very weak, but to reach the light they can break through brick walls.
Shoots sometime emerge in early spring before the last frost.
Shoots spread under-ground, helping the sumacs colonize edges of abandoned fields and roads.
Shoots spread underground, helping the sumacs colonize edges of abandoned fields and roads.
Shoots sprout forth in no time, followed by fresh ripe and half-ripe seeds abounding everywhere.
Shoots stream up, down and across urinals, tries to hit flies or bugs.
Shoots then turn cream and green which lasts through the summer months.
Shoots turn a black color, droop over, and die.
Shoots turn brown or black, as if scorched by fire, and leaves cling to the twigs.
Shoots typically senesce from the apex down and take several weeks to die back completely.
Shoots vary in length from several inches to several feet.
Shoots vary with the production.
Shoots yield plants.
Shoots often droop under the weight of the long needles.
Shoots often have a bent, drooped tip resembling a shepherd's crook.
Shoots usually die during growth flush.
Shoots usually wither and die.
All shoots are in the great outdoors.
All shoots are under contract, and models are encouraged to bring a guest.
All shoots begin when night falls.
All shoots grow outward from their tips.
All shoots start at noon.
Every shoot is personalized and unique.
Many shoots are at night in difficult lighting conditions and in all types of weather.
Many shoots originate from the base.
Most shoots arise from roots.
Most shoots contain leaves.
Most shoots develop from buds.
Most shoots develop from lateral buds.
Most shoots develop from roots.
Most shoots develop into stems.
Most shoots emerge from seeds.
Most shoots emerge from surfaces.
Most shoots form buds.
Most shoots form dormant buds.
Most shoots grow from fleshy rhizomes.
Most shoots grow from rhizomes.
Most shoots grow from roots.
Most shoots grow from underground rhizomes.
Most shoots have foliage.
Most shoots have green foliage.
Most shoots have leaves.
Most shoots have pale foliage.
Most shoots originate from bases.
Most shoots originate from roots.
Most shoots produce flowers.
Most shoots produced in the spring remain vegetative.
Most shoots take all day and go into the night.
Most shoots yield plants.
Some shoots arise from buds.
Some shoots become gametophytes.
Some shoots become mature gametophytes.
Some shoots carry flowers.
Some shoots consist of flowers.
Some shoots develop during summer.
Some shoots develop from rhizomes.
Some shoots develop roots.
Some shoots emerge from basal rosettes.
Some shoots emerge from central rosettes.
Some shoots emerge from rhizomes.
Some shoots emerge from rosettes.
Some shoots emerge in early springs.
Some shoots emerge in springs.
Some shoots follow fire.
Some shoots grow buds.
Some shoots grow from kernels.
Some shoots grow from popcorn kernels.
Some shoots grow from stumps.
Some shoots have flowers.
Some shoots look like leaves.
Some shoots produce antheridiums.
Some shoots produce bananas.
Some shoots produce fruit.
Some shoots produce shoots.
Some shoots produce stolons.
Some shoots protect flowers.
Some shoots sprout from roots.
Some shoots take roots.
A shooter is marble
Shooter are sure to be collector's items.
Shooter begins with two rounds in rifle, held at the ready.
Shooter can use any method for the shot without high sticking, including any of the following.
Shooter carries rifle at the low ready, at or near waist level.
Shooter engages first bowling pin.
Shooter goes to corrupt means to keep Happy from winning.
SHOoTer is a freeware that can be used with SelfHOsT free domain name service.
Shooter is a person that is an exceptionally good long-distance shot.
Shooter is no longer available.
Shooter is the person throwing the dice.
Shooter isa expert.
Shooter leans forward.
Shooter releases the shot and goaltender makes the save.
Shooter shoots one ball, retrieves it and places it back on the original spot.
Shooter starts at center ice and moves in for shot.
Shooter starts by throwing balls in then punts or chips balls in.
Shooter supplies their own shotgun.
Shooter takes a one-minute break before performing two more sets of the drill.
Shooter takes shots from the five main spots around the perimeter beyond the three-point line.
Shooter throws an eight on the next roll, so the bets still work.
Shooter turns and looks at Zipper.
Shooters are available for an additional donation.
Shooters are big.
Shooters are eligible to win individual and team medals.
Shooters are gamblers.
Shooters are hot right now, but last year all anybody wanted to probe was a trendy.
Shooters are often slightly larger than target marbles.
Shooters are on target faster and more consistently with a grip designed to point naturally.
Shooters are players.
Shooters are responsible for policing litter, cartridge cases, etc.
Shooters are responsible for returning all equipment to the range building before leaving.
Shooters are responsible for the conduct of their non-shooting guest.
Shooters are to aim for the corners, and goalies are to block shots and make clean passes.
Shooters begin with pistols loaded and ready.
Shooters bemoan the thought, but every few years a very basic gun safety class is a great idea.
Shooters can also work from a greater distance.
Shooters can choose from thousands of new and pre-owned rifles, pistols and shotguns.
Shooters can enjoy the range facilities from sunrise to dark.
Shooters can only enter once for each category.
Shooters can participate in rifle, shotgun and pistol shooting activities.
Shooters can test their aim and speed of their kick in the Accuracy Shot and Velocity Kick.
Shooters can use a higher number of strands, offering more flexibility and of course, greater speed.
Shooters come back again and again for some of the 'sportiest shotgunning' on the face of the earth.
Shooters compete with scoped rifles that are eminently suited for the hunting fields.
Shooters consists of legal hunters and poachers.
Shooters fire five pucks, which are placed in pre-set spots.
Shooters follow rules.
Shooters follow safety rules.
Shooters furnish their own ammunition and usually attend in paid drill status.
Shooters get ammunition.
Shooters get in slumps.
Shooters get one draw prize ticket per shoot they attend.
Shooters get one minute to score as many points as they can from marked spots on the court.
Shooters get their own rebound and keep shooting if they miss.
Shooters go through slumps.
Shooters go to the line.
Shooters have (part) arms.
Shooters have (part) body substances.
Shooters have (part) cell membranes.
Shooters have (part) cells.
Shooters have (part) corpi.
Shooters have (part) cytoplasm.
Shooters have (part) heads.
Shooters have (part) human bodies.
Shooters have (part) legs.
Shooters have (part) material bodies.
Shooters have (part) necks.
Shooters have (part) nuclei.
Shooters have (part) personality.
Shooters have (part) plasma membranes.
Shooters have (part) sections.
Shooters have (part) vacuoles.
Shooters have a choice of regular, doubles or wobble targets.
Shooters have long memories.
Shooters have motion.
Shooters have one hour and forty-five minutes to shoot sixty shots.
Shooters have to have their stroke.
Shooters is a great wheel with a legendary performance.
Shooters is a simple idea, well executed.
Shooters is also a great place to just relax and toss down a few.
Shooters lift heads.
Shooters line up and fire in rotation.
Shooters line up by the front garage entrance, reacting to the others' reactions.
Shooters now understand politics a little better, presumably.
Shooters range is fully wheelchair accessible.
Shooters receive two credit hours each year for participating in a varsity sport.
Shooters shoot into a bullet trap from distances of three, seven, fifteen, and twenty-five yards.
Shooters sign up sponsors who pledge a certain amount of money per basket.
Shooters start with sweatshirts and tights, then put on jackets and pants made of leather or canvas.
Shooters supply their own ammunition and pay for targets at club prices.
Shooters supply their own equipment, including ammunition and targets.
Shooters take drugs to slow their heartbeats.
Shooters take great measures to ensure concentration when they step to the line.
Shooters take pride in making a clean shot.
Shooters take shots, screeners set screens.
Shooters tend to be selfish.
Shooters test skills.
Shooters travel from all over the world to compete.
Shooters traveling abroad take the empty version and fill it locally with rice or beans.
Shooters often see open sights differently and use different sight pictures.
Shooters usually prefer smooth boules, which allow a smooth release from the hand.
All shooters are of equal importance to the sport.
All shooters are responsible for policing their brass and for cleanliness of the range area.
All shooters are welcome .
All shooters are welcome.
All shooters register using the individual entry form .
All shooters wear headsets to protect from the noise.
All shooters welcome.
Every shooter has a chance to win a prize.
Every shooter has their own competition load recipe.
Every shooter owns a clening rod.
Many shooters also believe plating helps pellets penetrate deeper when they arrive on target.
Many shooters are comfortable in lenses that are yellow or orange.
Many shooters make their wads from milk carton or tablet backing.
Many shooters only shoot the handicap events which pay the big money.
Many shooters prefer to drop the slide with their right thumb.
Many shooters prefer to wear a shooting vest.
Many shooters prefer using a rest and scope on the rifle when testing ammunition.
Many shooters still wonder how they stack up in the match in an Overall configuration.
Many shooters use the ghost ball technique of aiming.
Most shooters also have a gun cart to carry their guns and other equipment.
Most shooters are a bit more comfortable when dealing with less perceived lead.
Most shooters are very helpful towards helping new shooters.
Most shooters are willing to pay the premium to get the Gold version.
Most shooters assume that a rough choke is a sign of poor quality and in most cases they are right.
Most shooters can expect to have under par rounds.
Most shooters can master control of the gun without compensation.
Most shooters employ traditional two-handed grips.
Most shooters find leather works best, as lead tends to compress, loosening the flint.
Most shooters follow rules.
Most shooters follow safety rules.
Most shooters get ammunition.
Most shooters have motion.
Most shooters lift heads.
Most shooters rest their right elbow on their right knee.
Most shooters seem to have fairly slow movement that is under-sampled with a pathetic jump.
Most shooters tend to prefer transfering left to right.
Most shooters use a sitting position since that offers the best stability.
Most shooters use blinders, focusing all attention on the target.
Most shooters wear long-billed hats.
Most shooters worry more about their slow-fire scores than any other part of the match.
Some shooters add components.
Some shooters are better than others.
Some shooters dislike the look of the angle the rear sight assumes.
Some shooters have air.
Some shooters have trouble.
Some shooters kill bison.
Some shooters kill geese.
Some shooters kill rabbits.
Some shooters make science.
Some shooters require a sight adjustment between shooting over sticks and shooting offhand.
Some shooters score better with a shorter sight radius.
Some shooters use nutrients.
Some shooters wear both.
Shooting pains follow paresthesiae temporally.
A shooting range is a practice range
Shooting ranges are available for rifle, shotgun, pistol, archery and skeet and trap enthusiasts.
Shooting schedule is planned for maximum convenience and efficiency.
Shooting sports are always an attraction in our summer programs.
Shooting sports have an enviable safety record.
A shooting is an actuation
Shooting are homicide.
Shooting are killing.
Shooting are propulsion.
Shooting are shooting.
Shooting are sports.
Shooting becomes ridiculously easy.
Shooting begins in the fall, assuming there's no actors strike.
Shooting begins in the next few months.
Shooting begins in Yuma, Arizona.
Shooting begins next month . . .
Shooting begins next month.
Shooting begins shortly.
Shooting can also use movement points up.
Shooting can be a great hobby and a family activity that provides hours upon hours of enjoyment.
Shooting can be an effective means of rabbit control.
Shooting can be until one-half hour after sunset.
Shooting Can be very effective, particularly if trained hounds are used to tree the raccoons.
Shooting comes from the girls wanting to go to the gym and work on their own.
Shooting continues as long as people feel like it.
Shooting continues in Rome with a closing date yet to be in sight.
Shooting creates chaos for kids trying to get to school.
Shooting has excellent control.
Shooting has fewer accidents than most other outdoor sporting activity.
Shooting has immense conservation benefit.
Shooting hits home.
Shooting includes strong hand and weak hand unsupported.
Shooting is a better choice, something busy farmers have neither the desire nor the time to do it.
Shooting is a family oriented sport and families participate in it.
Shooting is a fascinating skill to everyone in the game, especially the young players.
Shooting is a great sport.
Shooting is a little less important because it is an extension of passing.
Shooting is a long way off.
Shooting is a matter of waiting, let it happen.
Shooting is a mixed bag, where long shots generally have the keeper pulling off spectacular saves.
Shooting is a pleasant experience.
Shooting is a popular and enjoyable activity, but it can be frustrating at times.
Shooting is a practical skill.
Shooting is a premium.
Shooting is a problem right now since the kids are trying to get their legs.
Shooting is a rhythm.
Shooting is a skill of consistency.
Shooting is a skill.
Shooting is a sport, enjoy it.
Shooting is a very individualistic sport.
Shooting is accomplished by pressing the corresponding buttons for up, down, left and right.
Shooting is all timing.
Shooting is also an Olympic sport.
Shooting is also realistic.
Shooting is always a gruesome and bloody death.
Shooting is always three C s, consistency, concentration, and confidence.
Shooting is an exciting activity requiring skill, intelligence, endurance, and concentration.
Shooting is an option but unlikely to eradicate feral populations.
Shooting is an skill that takes practice, patience and discipline.
Shooting is based on rhythm.
Shooting is carried out over the stern of the boat, where again, there is a set of engine controls.
Shooting is considered too hazardous in more populated areas, even if legal.
Shooting is cruel and painful.
Shooting is currently under way in New York . . .
Shooting is done by aiming with the tip of the arrow at full draw.
Shooting is done from a fixed firing line.
Shooting is done from a stationary firing line.
Shooting is done in hedgerows, woodlands and plantings of corn, Milo, sorghum and lespedesa.
Shooting is down.
Shooting is due to start next month.
Shooting is due to start.
Shooting is easy enough, even for a novice, but the camera's slow performance can be irritating.
Shooting is effective where local laws permit the discharge of firearms.
Shooting is far from the only deficiency.
Shooting is finished, and it's in post-production.
Shooting is good.
Shooting is great at any age.
Shooting is habit and comfort.
Shooting is heard in other parts of the building.
Shooting is heard, but only sporadically.
Shooting is in full swing - expect an early release.
Shooting is in Spain.
Shooting is intense, and frustrations are easier to field when stomachs are full.
Shooting is intuitive, though, and loads of fun.
Shooting is like gathering information, editing is more like writing.
Shooting is meant to be easy, too.
Shooting is more effective as a dispersal technique than as a way to reduce starling numbers.
Shooting is most successful on properties with little cover.
Shooting is obviously a very strong form of action.
Shooting is on location in Prague and Tunisia.
Shooting is on location.
Shooting is only a sideline.
Shooting is only one part of the game.
Shooting is open to members and non-members.
Shooting is optional.
Shooting is planned to continue in Cornwall for six weeks.
Shooting is probably the most humane approach to controlling porcupine populations.
Shooting is scheduled for approximately five weeks.
Shooting is scheduled scene by scene by the director and assigned to individual animators .
Shooting is scheduled to begin early next month.
Shooting is scheduled to begin next month.
Shooting is scheduled to start on location in the Mediterranean port next month.
Shooting is set to start soon in Australia. . . .
Shooting is slated to begin next month.
Shooting is sporadic.
Shooting is supposed to be fun.
Shooting is terrible.
Shooting is the end result of an offensive team play and is the action that produces a goal.
Shooting is the exact opposite of most sports.
Shooting is the game.
Shooting is the most effective way to collect many species.
Shooting is the national sport, and the backbone of the national defense as well.
Shooting is the only individual and team sport where men and women compete together on equal terms.
Shooting is the primary offensive weapon.
Shooting is the second most popular international sport behind track and field.
Shooting is the third most popular sport in the Czech Republic.
Shooting is the tough part.
Shooting is to be conducted only in areas provided.
Shooting is too difficult, and too many actors can get there easily.
Shooting is tricky, as only a direct hit on a monster counts, and near-misses often prove deadly.
Shooting is underway at various dance schools and venues in and around Ottawa.
Shooting is unlike any other Olympic sport.
Shooting is unlikely to solve the problem, however.
Shooting is used for hunting birds such as grouse or pheasant, rabbits etc.
Shooting is very personal.
Shooting keeps going, indifferent to the hordes clustering into the bakery for lunch and biscotti.
Shooting needs deep concentration.
Shooting provides sport for hunters as well as a source of edible meat.
Shooting raises big-picture questions for both church and society.
Shooting remains the Spurs' biggest problem.
Shooting requires four takes.
Shooting seems to have improved over last season.
Shooting starts right after Mania.
Shooting starts to become effortless.
Shooting starts today . . .
Shooting starts today in New York.
Shooting takes place in the small European country along with Montreal, Canada.
Shooting teaches young people good things.
Shooting vertically is a challenge, especially with a tripod.
Shootings are a constant threat.
Shootings are by definition a hairy mess.
Shootings are common.
Shootings are down, including school shootings.
Shootings are on the rise from children.
Shootings can happen in any school whether it is a well to do area or low income.
Shootings involving licensees are rare.
Shootings occur over a wrong turn in a residential district.
Shootings occur several times a week.
Shootings still occur now and then, and welfare dependency remains high.
All shooting is done from a covered fixed firing line.
All shooting is done from a covered line with benches and chairs to shoot from.
All shooting is done from the standing position.
All shooting is done ten rounds per target.
All shooting is done two handed.
All shooting is done under field conditions.
All shooting is done with alternating strings of weak hand and strong hand unsupported.
All shooting is done with metallic sights.
All shooting is on a pre-booked basis.
All shooting takes place at our specially designed course.
All shootings remain unsolved.
Many shootings result from more than gang bravado.
Many shootings result in blood.
Most shootings happen in split seconds.
A shop assistant is a sales rep
Most shop assistants are men.
A shop class is a course
Shop class is encourage for all students.
Shop class is no longer just building tie racks.
Shop classes are courses.
Shop drawings can sometimes be important depending on the significance of the building.
Shop drawings require review.
Shop drawings show fabrication methods.
All shop drawings are CAD prepared and transferable electronically.
A shop floor is work
Shop floor is an interesting place at the moment.
Shop floors are part of factories.
Shop floors made of smooth cement make sweeping up easy and allow for easy movement of equipment.
Most shop floors are part of factories.
Shop keepers receive a set of picture cards for their store.
Shop keepers stand and stare from their windows.
Shop keepers sweep and hose the sidewalk as they chat.
Shop keepers vary.
Shop management has a legal and moral obligation to make sure the workplace is as safe as possible.
Shop management has to be involved in the rollout and implementation of a new process.
Shop signs are in French, English, or Chinese or in three.
A shop steward is an union representative
Shop stewards are often the most important union representatives in the plant.
Shop stewards are the key interface between labor and management.
Shop stewards are the union's frontline.
Shop stewards are union representatives.
Shop stewards are welcome to participate in the training.
Shop stewards meeting shop stewards is the first step.
Shop street poles the paint wasthe modern spinning barber.
Shop talk is lively and informative.
Shop talk is talk
Shop thefts can be difficult to detect.
Shop vacuums are ultra-useful items for cockatoo owners.
A shop window is a window
Shop windows display a wide range of goods.
Shop windows display the wares for sale.
Some shop windows are part of bakeries.
Some shop windows are part of bazaar.
Some shop windows are part of shops.
A shop is an outlet
Shop advises and prefers that International customers communicate in English via email or live chat.
Shop bridges prints online for a great selection of artists and subjects.
Shop camellia prints online for a great selection of artists and subjects.
Shop carefully ask about interest rates and origination fees.
Shop carries potato chips, soft drinks, milk, cereals, and related groceries, sundries and snacks.
Shop competing dealers to compare prices on the same car with the same equipment.
Shop delivers fresh blooms and smiles Flowers are the universal token of affection.
Shop fabricate in largest sections possible for transporting and building access.
Shop fall art prints and posters online for a great selection of artists and subjects.
Shop features carefully.
Shop features craft items.
Shop fittings that are of high standard, uniform and well organised.
Shop follow up.
Shop here labels.
Shop is always open for information and advice.
Shop is approx.
Shop is complete.
Shop is in lower level of residence, enter through garage.
Shop is in restored log cabin on farm and has been expanded to adjoining structure.
Shop is in the centre of town.
Shop is in the next building on the right.
Shop is in the Plaza.
Shop is on left.
Shop is on right.
Shop is on split levels making access awkward for prams or wheelchairs.
Shop is on the corner.
Shop is on the left in a strip mall.
Shop is on the left.
Shop is on the right.
Shop is on the second floor, across from the municipal parking lot.
Shop is on the south side of the road.
Shop isa outlet.
Shop isa workplace.
Shop lily prints online for a great selection of artists and subjects.
Shop looks great, as does the site - a very professional business.
Shop now shop often.
Shop offers reproductions, collectibles and gift items.
Shop offers tools, books and cultural materials specific to roses.
Shop offers unique gifts.
Shop opens for the season.
Shop prints online for a great selection of artists and subjects.
Shop proceeds finance patient services, education and prevention programs.
Shop seeks to combine fun and enlightenment.
Shop tries to makes part.
Shops  buying.
Shops  compare prices.
Shops  fatigue.
Shops  purchasing.
Shops  window shops.
Shops abound in former saloons.
Shops also give buyers a variety of choices and the opportunity to compare computers side by side.
Shops also line the traditional town square and range from major retail chains to local craft shops.
Shops also open on working days.
Shops also tend to stay open longer than businesses in major cities and they also open at weekends.
Shops am off all condition hence forest golden state warriors hats.
Shops are alive with bunting.
Shops are also just around the corner.
Shops are an area in which students learn work place readiness and specific career opportunities.
Shops are available for specialized electronics and instrumentation construction.
Shops are available throughout.
Shops are both government and privately owned.
Shops are buggy friendly, with many having ramps for easy access.
Shops are clean, air-conditioned, and modern.
Shops are closed.
Shops are desperate for reliable suppliers.
Shops are easily accessible and the range of gift ideas is staggering.
Shops are everywhere.
Shops are few and far between, are often closed and the range of goods on offer is limited.
Shops are full of appropriately logoed merchandise.
Shops are full of goods, everything twice or thrice as expensive as in Serbia.
Shops are full of herbal and food supplements designed to enhance brain function.
Shops are hard to distinguish.
Shops are into banking, banks are into insurance.
Shops are just across the street.
Shops are like during communist times - dirty and saleswomen ignore customers.
Shops are located in airports.
Shops are located in basements.
Shops are located in containers.
Shops are located in high schools.
Shops are located in ocean floors.
Shops are located in shopping centers.
Shops are located in shopping malls.
Shops are located in streets.
Shops are located in towns.
Shops are more than willing to pay for qualified techs.
Shops are motivated by the goal of buys.
Shops are motivated by the goal of eats.
Shops are motivated by the goal of needs.
Shops are motivated by the goal of purchases.
Shops are nearby and convenient.
Shops are nearby.
Shops are now open at least some evenings and on Sundays.
Shops are often noisy.
Shops are on left hand side.
Shops are on the ground level.
Shops are on the second and third.
Shops are open all year.
Shops are open for business.
Shops are open, living standards higher.
Shops are over-flowing with consumer items.
Shops are plentiful and boats are for hire daily at a fixed rate.
Shops are plentiful for purchasing souvenirs.
Shops are scarcer.
Shops are service organizations.
Shops are shut, the airport is closed and the police have orders to shoot on sight.
Shops are stores.
Shops are upscale and diverse.
Shops are varied and well stocked and international banks are represented.
Shops are well stocked.
Shops are within walking distance or easily reached by public transport.
Shops are within walking distance.
Shops can buy it from couriers, but couriers can be busted for carrying and selling it.
Shops can charge scanning fees and also monthly maintenance fees.
Shops can decorate their windows for a very small prize and much local honour.
Shops can get easy acess to the latest equipment information and trend setting news.
Shops can mend or replace zippers and slip new drawstrings into hoods.
Shops carry an enormous range of greeting cards, from the plain to the work of art.
Shops cascade down small streets.
Shops claims through any fence otherwise pardon milroy hotels.
Shops close earlier because people are still afraid of more trouble.
Shops close earlier.
Shops close late.
Shops come in all shapes and sizes.
Shops cover gemstones, curios and fancy fashions to the silliest souvenirs.
Shops display prices in dollars and casino slot machines take only U.S. coins.
Shops end with payings.
Shops even close early so workers can go home for dinner.
Shops face much the same set of problems and pressures.
Shops feature gifts, apparel and antiques.
Shops feature quality items, including wool articles from North Haven Sheep.
Shops feature Western wear, sporting gear and other curious necessities.
Shops featuring traditional Native American gear, clothing and footwear are open all day, everyday.
Shops get products.
Shops guides Hay opposite many butcher under any baby.
Shops has pointers to manufacturers and shops.
Shops have (part) bases.
Shops have (part) ceilings.
Shops have (part) floors.
Shops have (part) locker rooms.
Shops have (part) lockers.
Shops have (part) room light.
Shops have (part) sections.
Shops have (part) shop windows.
Shops have (part) walls.
Shops have cartons.
Shops have signs by doors.
Shops have step entrances.
Shops have the option, for a small fee, of writing their own description.
Shops have to be prepared to do ancillary services as well.
Shops have wooden frames inside to support the roofs.
Shops here offer a variety of textiles, clothes, shoes and handbags at bargain prices.
Shops here offer a variety of textiles, clothes, shoes, and handbags at bargain prices.
Shops here range from designer clothing to casual wear stores.
Shops here range from trendy chain stores to unique, left-leaning boutiques.
Shops here reflect that attitude.
Shops improve off the snowmobile classified.
Shops inquire for quantity.
Shops is proud to provide outstanding benefits to all full time employees.
Shops is that they only support U.S.-based businesses.
Shops line the docks and sidestreets, selling sponges of all shapes, sizes, and quality.
Shops line the narrow streets leading to the abbey.
Shops line the street, and in the evening the sky darkens to simulate night.
Shops line the streets on both sides offering treasures of the past.
Shops line the waterfront, and houses cling to the green hillsides.
Shops merchandise various items including sundries, groceries, gourmet, gift, apparel, etc.
Shops move in and out of the same weathered buildings that line the street.
Shops nearby have power.
Shops offer a wide range of goods and services from discount to luxury.
Shops offer all manner of domestic and imported goods.
Shops offer antiques, jewelry, cigars, kitchen accessories, designer fashions, and much more.
Shops offer beverages.
Shops offer everything from clothing to souvenirs and duty free merchandise.
Shops offer everything from salt and pepper shakers to museum-quality furniture.
Shops offer everything from train memorabilia to hand-blown glass.
Shops offer local crafts and souvenirs.
Shops offer specialty coffee beverages.
Shops offer Victorian and European furniture and country oak and mahogany pieces.
Shops open late.
Shops open onto balustraded walkways which have to be reached by steps from the street.
Shops ordinarily are attractive, clean and well lighted.
Shops oveflow with the latest goods.
Shops overflow with silks, spices, and gold jewelry.
Shops pay a flat fee for a quarterly or annual membership.
Shops please inquire.
Shops present a very narrow face on the street but stretch back a long way.
Shops produce waste.
Shops range from candy stores to designer clothes, and restaurants are well represented.
Shops range from corner drug stores to elegant department stores.
Shops range from gourmet food merchants to clothing boutiques.
Shops range in size from one to a dozen employees.
Shops receive data from a wide variety of sources.
Shops remain closed on Sundays.
Shops remain closed, busses and mini-busses strike.
Shops remain open except for major holidays.
Shops remain open to indulge our spending frenzy.
Shops remain shuttered, and the capital's usually bustling streets are quiet.
Shops representing regional crafts are welcome.
Shops require a purchase and return visit at each location.
Shops reserve the right to limit the number of students at any given time.
Shops sell colourful lanterns in such shapes as rabbits, fish and fruit.
Shops sell food.
Shops sell handicrafts and snacks.
Shops sell handicrafts such as embroidery and Russian souvenirs.
Shops sell jewellry and clothes.
Shops sell liquid food.
Shops sell shell objects, leather purses, hats and so forth without pressure.
Shops sell various kinds of wood carvings to please the eye.
Shops selling hand-crafted gifts and clothing, jewelry, pottery and ceramics abound.
Shops selling silverware and wedding paraphernalia seem predominant.
Shops serve customers.
Shops specialize in kitchen equipment and tableware.
Shops specialize in such outdoor activities as scuba diving, hunting, and even snow skiing.
Shops specializing in aromatherapy products also offer mixed blends geared to relax or energize.
Shops stand empty with fruit rotting in crates on the pavements.
Shops stay open evenings.
Shops stay open late anyway.
Shops stay open longer in the summer.
Shops steer Murder through curtain along no donna karan eyewear next enclose into no police.
Shops steer Murder through curtain along no revlon fashion next enclose into no police.
Shops stock a variety of traditional handicrafts and souvenirs.
Shops stock such articles as stationery, books, clothing and electrical goods.
Shops stock the necessary fibers and can provide guidance, if needed.
Shops stock various forms of armor and medkits.
Shops surround the house with separate entrances to the surrounding streets.
Shops Take a look at our specialty shops and services.
Shops take payment in roubles and, occasionally, by credit card.
Shops tend to be small markets or open-air general stores.
Shops tend to re-order, keeping a steady flow of business for the craft producer.
Shops there are merely large wooden boxes that can be opened on one side for business.
Shops use wood.
Shops vary in their opening hours.
Shops witin one hours drive.
Shop always has a sale bin.
Shops often have carrier bags made to order with the shop name emblazoned on the side.
Shops often have high levels of ozone caused by the sparking of electric motors.
Shops often have low stock levels of critical parts.
Shops often supply wire baskets or trollies and a great deal of persuasive advertising.
Shops usually close earlier on the day before a public holiday.
Shops usually close early on New Year's Eve.
All shops accept credit cards.
All shops are accessible by all visitors, all the time.
All shops are in great locations with good managers and crew in place.
All shops are in Vienna, Austria.
All shops are open year-round unless otherwise noted.
All shops are small intependent retailers and offer great value for money.
All shops carry gear and equipment for a lot of other outdoor sports.
All shops deliver FREE to the UK mainland, some FREE worldwide.
All shops use a secure payment system.
Any shop can give a lower price by leaving something out or overlooking parts.
Any shop meeting the criteria can become a member of the network.
Every shop has their token fag worker.
Every shop is different.
Every shop is full of potentially dangerous machinery and other hazards.
Every shop is run by a full time shop supervisor and a part-time assistant supervisor.
Every shop is unique.
Every shop needs a good quality general plaster on hand.
Every shop needs a tension meter.
Every shop needs a well regulated variable voltage power supply for bench top work.
Every shop needs one.
Every shop needs some type of ventilation.
Every shop needs to have a good utility plaster on hand.
Every shop wants to build a clientele that generates profitable repeat business.
Many shops accept credit cards.
Many shops are highly-mobile subcontractors.
Many shops are open at night.
Many shops are open on weekends.
Many shops are open seven days a week.
Many shops are open-air shops run by street vendors.
Many shops can arrange packages that include hotels, transfers and diving.
Many shops carry antiques and collectibles.
Many shops carry utilitarian bikes and sports-enthusiast models.
Many shops cater to the younger generation.
Many shops claim that their businesses are doing fine without an on line shopping effort.
Many shops close their doors until dusk.
Many shops contain their work as well as fine art and crafts from the region.
Many shops elect to work with finish suppliers who custom-formulate the catalyzed coatings.
Many shops even offer customized maps of local mountain and road biking routes.
Many shops feature goods from England and other parts of Europe.
Many shops fill the maintenance requirements at reduced rates.
Many shops go right to the root of the situation and sell the plotters themselves.
Many shops have a small tray for placing money.
Many shops have an attitude discount.
Many shops have demo days, and symposia are good opportunities to try boats.
Many shops have literally tens or hundreds of setups.
Many shops have machines that staple rubber bands to each copy.
Many shops have sandwiches on their menus.
Many shops invite customers to come on in and here a new local band or poet.
Many shops line the main street in Nashville.
Many shops line up to get such certification to keep from being dropped by their customers.
Many shops mix the old with the new to create an intriguing shopping experience.
Many shops mount a bench vise on the bench's long edge and set it in from the corner.
Many shops now accept electronic files on diskettes.
Many shops offer a lifetime warranty.
Many shops offer bouyancy clinics.
Many shops offer lessons for first time beginners up to advanced sailors.
Many shops offer substantial discounts or social events to mark the cleanup.
Many shops offer the unusual.
Many shops offer unusual hand-made crafts and jewelry, plus folk art from around the world.
Many shops open before dawn and close midafternoon.
Many shops open on most of the holidays, but it is rather hard to book hotels, airplanes and trains.
Many shops operate with only one or two employees.
Many shops provide free shipping.
Many shops remain closed.
Many shops resist the new technology because it poses challenges in acheiving the best finish.
Many shops say they can do twice the amount of cars in a day.
Many shops sell or rent sleds, toboggans and tubes.
Many shops serve gourmet coffees, along with espresso and cappuccino.
Many shops simply don t take the time to spray all the rust prone areas for complete protection.
Many shops specialize in health, vegetarian and organic foods.
Many shops specialize in hip-hop toys and video games.
Many shops sponsor swap meets throughout the season.
Many shops stay open longer on days when cruise ships are in port.
Many shops surround the hotel and over forty restaurants.
Many shops take the vehicle in for the retest before returning it to the customer.
Many shops trade only in a specific type of merchandise.
Many shops try to capitalize on their brush with fame.
Many shops work year-round, and senior technicians are fully employed.
More shops are due to open in Japan and Korea .
More shops are due to open in Japan and Korea.
Most shops accept all major credit cards.
Most shops accept major credit cards.
Most shops add the tobacco tax at the cash register, along with sales tax.
Most shops also close for a day of cleaning.
Most shops are closed and people are staying indoors.
Most shops are closed during lunch periods.
Most shops are closed, but a few groceries are open.
Most shops are closed.
Most shops are independently owned and run.
Most shops are lucky to have one good mechanic, if any at all.
Most shops are on street level and some do have a small step.
Most shops are open at least six days a week, and many stay open on sunday and holidays too.
Most shops are open daily.
Most shops are open during the week.
Most shops are open seven days a week.
Most shops are open six days a week while some are open every day.
Most shops are open year-round, and open early each morning.
Most shops are well ventilated to aide in the exhaust of paint and dust fumes.
Most shops are well ventilated to disperse dust and paint fumes.
Most shops are well ventilated to partially disperse dust and paint fumes.
Most shops are well ventilated, but are often dusty.
Most shops are well ventilated, but often they are dusty and smell of paint.
Most shops are within walking distance of the public parking lot located under the bridge.
Most shops carry dresses that cater to many budgets.
Most shops charge little if anything to check the swingweight, loft and lie on each club.
Most shops contain what every antique enthusiast is looking for.
Most shops deal in bikes that range from good to great to excellent.
Most shops get products.
Most shops have a closet full of nonworking machines.
Most shops have a range of souvenirs.
Most shops have cartons.
Most shops have equipment for rent or demo.
Most shops have numerous colors and thicknesses of covers to choose from.
Most shops have some sort of similar program.
Most shops lack the proper test equipment, and rely on the cockpit vacuum gauge.
Most shops neatly divide the store into convenient sections.
Most shops offer beverages.
Most shops offer one free tune-up after the purchase of a new bike.
Most shops offer one or the other, but a few have personnel who are qualified to teach both.
Most shops offer specialty coffee beverages.
Most shops open at least part of the weekend.
Most shops open daily.
Most shops open late.
Most shops produce waste.
Most shops provide classes and expertise unmatched by the chains.
Most shops provide clean uniforms.
Most shops rent equipment as well as sell new equipment.
Most shops report reprogramming vehicle clocks, leaving radios to the customer.
Most shops respond to our enquiry.
Most shops sell food.
Most shops sell liquid food.
Most shops serve boiled eels as a side dish, they taste a little like pickled herring.
Most shops serve customers.
Most shops stay open later if a ship is in port.
Most shops stay open through out the day.
Most shops take orders in the fall and deliver rhizomes in the spring.
Most shops use a labor guide to ascribe value to a repair operation.
Most shops use wood.
Some shop wear.
Some shops also fabricate both temporary and permanent artificial limbs.
Some shops also have branches in the larger suburbs.
Some shops also open during the week.
Some shops also require dry-suit specialty certification to rent dry suits for safety reasons.
Some shops also take checks or charge cards.
Some shops are also open in the evening and on holidays and Sundays.
Some shops are bare of bread and milk.
Some shops are large, bright and well-ventilated, while other shops can be less well equipped.
Some shops are lavish and hallowed with histories.
Some shops are much better than others in both price and service.
Some shops are open after regular theme park hours.
Some shops are open on Sundays and late evenings.
Some shops are open on Sundays.
Some shops are open year-round and others are seasonal.
Some shops are open, but empty of customers.
Some shops are short-cutting repairs and whoever owns that vehicle ultimately suffers.
Some shops are small, independent businesses.
Some shops are still in operation.
Some shops become destinations.
Some shops become natural hangouts.
Some shops can accomplish roughly the same thing with a yardstick, a level and a plumb bob.
Some shops can be small and inaccessible.
Some shops charge a flat rate for labor on auto repairs.
Some shops charge more for extra-absorbent paper.
Some shops choose to become resellers as well as service providers.
Some shops do only full soles, and some do both half and full.
Some shops extend parts warranties.
Some shops figure their banner business based on the amount of gross per hour.
Some shops generate several spreadsheets to cover one job.
Some shops give five percent and some eight.
Some shops have a mind set about quality assurance.
Some shops have computers set for multiple users.
Some shops have kinds.
Some shops have links to their own websites.
Some shops have melons.
Some shops have no robberies, while a few have lots.
Some shops have sql server running as local administrator or even as a domain administrator account.
Some shops have water melons.
Some shops just sell bike parts.
Some shops make an event of the trip, with beach barbecues between dives.
Some shops offer a maintenance service.
Some shops offer a supervised resort course dive, so check locally.
Some shops offer chances.
Some shops offer food.
Some shops offer perfect binding.
Some shops offer similar instruments made from gourds or from ceramic bowls.
Some shops offer valet parking.
Some shops only sell entirely Potter-related merchandise.
Some shops open early and close late when a cruise ship is in port.
Some shops pay for training up front.
Some shops pay teacher commissions.
Some shops place a high priority on experience and technical proficiency.
Some shops possess cats.
Some shops possess crabs.
Some shops prefer the explicit test.
Some shops remain open around the clock.
Some shops remain open during the lunch hour.
Some shops remain open longer and some have extended hours on Thursdays.
Some shops remain open well into the evening.
Some shops require cash.
Some shops sell birds.
Some shops sell cats.
Some shops sell chickens.
Some shops sell delicacies.
Some shops sell dogs.
Some shops sell grasshoppers.
Some shops sell grey market equipment and film that comes without a USA warranty.
Some shops sell local delicacies.
Some shops sell mice.
Some shops sell pasta in the shape of characters especially for children.
Some shops sell pets.
Some shops sell plants.
Some shops sell reptiles.
Some shops serve small portions of very good fish, some serve small portions of poor fish.
Some shops specialize in imported goods, and they tend to be quite expensive but often high-quality.
Some shops specialize in meat.
Some shops specialize.
Some shops specializing in Levis, Samsonite and other U.S. brands are present.
Some shops stay closed all day.
Some shops stay open late if a cruise ship is in port.
Some shops take advantage of it.
Some shops use consumable lances that are operated manually through the slag door.
Some shops use laptop computers or portable full size computers to move program files.
Some shops use lathes to balance a driveline.
A shopaholic is a shopper
Shopaholics are films.
Shopaholics are shoppers.
Shopaholics are welcome here.
Shopaholics say that they feel more important and better after they buy something.
Shopaholics unite under the roof of British Columbia s largest shopping complex.
All shopfloor activity is recorded as it happens.
A shopfront is a front
Shopfronts give distinction to buildings and add to the attractiveness of streets.
Shopfronts reflect the ethnic tradition of the area.
A shopkeeper is a merchant
Shopkeeper can enter state and rate of tax.
Shopkeeper isa merchant.
Shopkeeper now has a moustache.
Shopkeeper now has moustache.
Shopkeepers aggressively spar for attention from passersby.
Shopkeepers are friendly and helpful and always pleased to meet a new customer.
Shopkeepers are grumpy.
Shopkeepers are located in bookstores.
Shopkeepers are located in shops.
Shopkeepers are merchants.
Shopkeepers are ready to die for a few marks.
Shopkeepers are workers.
Shopkeepers call it closing time.
Shopkeepers can build their own online stores and handle all of their own business.
Shopkeepers deny the charge.
Shopkeepers eye their men's clothing in hopes of making a sale.
Shopkeepers flagrantly break the province's sign laws.
Shopkeepers greet customers by name.
Shopkeepers greet the morning, standing in their doorways.
Shopkeepers have (part) arms.
Shopkeepers have (part) body substances.
Shopkeepers have (part) cell membranes.
Shopkeepers have (part) cells.
Shopkeepers have (part) corpi.
Shopkeepers have (part) cytoplasm.
Shopkeepers have (part) heads.
Shopkeepers have (part) human bodies.
Shopkeepers have (part) legs.
Shopkeepers have (part) material bodies.
Shopkeepers have (part) necks.
Shopkeepers have (part) nuclei.
Shopkeepers have (part) personality.
Shopkeepers have (part) plasma membranes.
Shopkeepers have (part) sections.
Shopkeepers have (part) vacuoles.
Shopkeepers have high grade and low grade goods for sale.
Shopkeepers have no custom.
Shopkeepers hide postcards of Afghan women in traditional costumes behind shelves of books.
Shopkeepers knock on doors.
Shopkeepers know their customers by name.
Shopkeepers know their customers names and keep their doors open to let in the first day of summer.
Shopkeepers leave their doors open even when they are nowhere to be found.
Shopkeepers meet shopkeepers.
Shopkeepers never rotate.
Shopkeepers offer a very high level of professionalism to satisfy their customers' needs.
Shopkeepers open their doors for a street exchange while artisans display their wares.
Shopkeepers sell imported spices, nuts, coffee and cheeses.
Shopkeepers share the special events of the day with the children.
Shopkeepers show their fear of looting by closing their businesses.
Shopkeepers shrug when that's pointed out.
Shopkeepers sit in front of their stores, drinking tea or chatting with colleagues.
Shopkeepers smile and wave a friendly greeting.
Shopkeepers step outside to greet visitors.
Shopkeepers tend to offer a small discount on the marked price and then refuse to budge.
All shopkeepers carry high tech weaponry.
All shopkeepers carry high-tech weaponry.
Many shopkeepers locate where people walk about.
Many shopkeepers use fake camera look-alikes, and other decoys.
Most shopkeepers knock on doors.
Most shopkeepers meet shopkeepers.
Some shopkeepers die after attacks.
Some shopkeepers refuse services.
Some shopkeepers stand on tops.
A shoplifter is a thief
Shoplifters also have their own arsenal of professional tools.
Shoplifters also hide items within another package that is then purchased.
Shoplifters are among the most absurd.
Shoplifters are criminals.
Shoplifters are located in shops.
Shoplifters can be male or female.
Shoplifters can call their attorneys on their own time or from jail.
Shoplifters fall into several categories.
Shoplifters give the security guards jobs.
Shoplifters steal from all types of stores.
Most shoplifters are amateurs.
Some shoplifters are desperate from drug addiction, alcoholism or from living on the street.
Some shoplifters steal for material gain, some for the thrill and still others to show off.
Some shopper information is collected through the use of cookies.
A shopper is a customer
Shopper can see current auction status as information changes.
Shopper is the preferred type.
Shopper isa customer.
Shopper makes offer.
Shopper pays the issuing bank.
Shoppers abroad beware.
Shoppers act as walk-in customers one month, and then conduct phone surveys the following month.
Shoppers add a little extra to their baskets to contribute to good causes.
Shoppers also can check for icons, such as a padlock symbol, at the bottom of their browser screen.
Shoppers also can choose from handcrafted jewelry, sculpture, paintings and photographs.
Shoppers also can place their orders by calling a toll-free number.
Shoppers also find a diversity of opportunities.
Shoppers also have a reason to enjoy Spring Lake.
Shoppers also like innovative products for gifts, and as treats for their pampered children.
Shoppers also like the unusual gifts, art works and hand crafts available.
Shoppers also shop by trend.
Shoppers appear to be budgeting their time as carefully as their money.
Shoppers appreciate the chance to buy homemade items to serve at their meals.
Shoppers are able to enjoy meeting their needs with dignity and choice.
Shoppers are able to get to and from stores more easily and often and retail sales benefit.
Shoppers are agents.
Shoppers are back in the stores again.
Shoppers are consumers.
Shoppers are customers.
Shoppers are given a broader range of products to choose from online.
Shoppers are limited to four bags.
Shoppers are located in shops.
Shoppers are more likely to buy using a secure system than an unknown or an unsecure site.
Shoppers are never more than two or three clicks from any item in the company's inventory.
Shoppers are now able to find the items they want like never before.
Shoppers are pleasantly surprised at the reasonable price ranges to be found here.
Shoppers are staggering under sensory overload.
Shoppers are the lifeblood of downtown neighborhoods.
Shoppers are under no obligation to buy.
Shoppers are unsure of the best approach.
Shoppers are very well catered to in Cairns.
Shoppers are welcome to step in for a lite-bite.
Shoppers are well catered for with open air markets , malls and boutiques.
Shoppers attend for free to explore the arts and crafts of the exhibitors.
Shoppers bargain fiercely, neither customer nor vendor letting up.
Shoppers become confused trying to decide on the perfect gift.
Shoppers become more familiar with it the more they see it.
Shoppers benefit by saving money and in some cases getting something for free.
Shoppers benefit from a wealth of information shared by garden club members.
Shoppers bid online against the clock for new household items, such as blenders and DVD players.
Shoppers block beside no suppliers nor presented religions.
Shoppers bring their own baskets or bags.
Shoppers browse for lush silks near former houses of torture.
Shoppers browse through websites and leave without buying anything.
Shoppers buy beside the beauty meanwhile voted nike soccer gear.
Shoppers buy beside the beauty meanwhile voted oakland raiders helmets.
Shoppers buy Farmland products for their families because they trust the American farmer.
Shoppers buy more items at displays or end caps because they believe the prices are greatly reduced.
Shoppers can add an electronic greeting card absolutely free with their purchase of any software.
Shoppers can alert visitors to other rebates on the site's user forums.
Shoppers can already customize and aggregate the on-line bank and investment accounts.
Shoppers can also agree to be surveyed again after their purchase arrives at their home.
Shoppers can also choose from a selection of T-shirts and other souvenirs.
Shoppers can also click on buttons to view related recipes and serving suggestions.
Shoppers can also create their own custom mix of tracks.
Shoppers can also customize the site to receive coupons of particular interest.
Shoppers can also find videos, marine activities and a general store.
Shoppers can also get free validated parking.
Shoppers can also have their items packaged or gift-wrapped and delivered.
Shoppers can also look for online traders who stick to an agreed code of practice.
Shoppers can also obtain their credit reports or other financial records.
Shoppers can also opt to take part in a follow-up survey.
Shoppers can also pick up fresh eggs, muffins and both sweet and savory breads.
Shoppers can also pick up staples such as postage and boxes and collectibles such as coins.
Shoppers can also request gift-wrapping.
Shoppers can also send in their requests for availing other modes of payment.
Shoppers can also send the same gift to multiple recipients and check on order status.
Shoppers can also sign up for early sale notices by e-mail.
Shoppers can also stop at workershops to watch craftwork or to enjoy hands-on experiences.
Shoppers can always get better deals by honing their haggle skills through repeat visits.
Shoppers can arrange for same-day delivery of large items they purchase at the mall.
Shoppers can bag their soils or have large amounts delivered.
Shoppers can browse a vast catalog of watches.
Shoppers can browse and order thousands of products from the best names in furniture design.
Shoppers can browse artwork, china, jewelry, apparel, books, crafts, toys and more.
Shoppers can browse here safely, and having made a choice, can email or phone for more details.
Shoppers can browse in the gift shop or garden shop.
Shoppers can browse the groceries on offer, and find their nearest Coles. .
Shoppers can browse the inventory by category or search for a specific item.
Shoppers can browse the jewelry collection or build their own ring.
Shoppers can browse the online catalogs and even get their purchases framed.
Shoppers can browse through an indoor mall and seek out bargains at a factory outlet center.
Shoppers can browse through key product categories or search for specific shopping needs by keyword.
Shoppers can browse through the catalogue by geographical region or by musical instrument.
Shoppers can buy a complete plant of ripe berries, if they wish.
Shoppers can buy a single plate or a complete set of china.
Shoppers can buy anything from a string bikini to Italian pottery.
Shoppers can buy baked goods, salad dressings, sausages, spices, plants, flowers and even clothes.
Shoppers can buy instant gourmet rice meals in a pack, rice shampoo, and rice ice cream.
Shoppers can buy leather jackets and chains that jingle or just walk around and mingle.
Shoppers can buy magnetic jewelry, shoe inserts, mattress pads, and even magnet-conditioned water.
Shoppers can charge items on the company's private-label credit cards.
Shoppers can choose from existing patterns or customize to their own.
Shoppers can choose from the two product types of CD or cassette.
Shoppers can choose persimmons or Japanese eggplant from the produce section.
Shoppers can click to the link, buy the story and close the window without leaving the retail site.
Shoppers can click View All Listings to see a summary of all current listings.
Shoppers can confirm, calculate and securely check out their order.
Shoppers can create individual account thus encourages repeat visits.
Shoppers can create individual accounts for faster checkout and personalised pricing .
Shoppers can design a custom system to be built and shipped in two days.
Shoppers can drop items off in a plant holding area while they browse.
Shoppers can enjoy a double treat.
Shoppers can enjoy themselves in the high class atmosphere.
Shoppers can enter the circle and browse among a selection of garments for both men and women.
Shoppers can escape from strip-mall sameness in downtown Fredericksburg.
Shoppers can even customize their own travel protection plans.
Shoppers can even enjoy a cup of coffee and a nosh after perusing the gifts and collectibles.
Shoppers can even purchase mall gift certificates online.
Shoppers can expand personal collections, or just pick up numerous bargains.
Shoppers can explore the little crafts shops and boutiques.
Shoppers can find a variety of goods to purchase.
Shoppers can find a variety of products for the home or body.
Shoppers can find a wide range of products to furnish their homes or add to their wardrobes.
Shoppers can find almost anything - from computers to a new bank.
Shoppers can find bargains with sales, promotions and coupons and special product merchandising.
Shoppers can find designer fashions, jewelry, records, books, candy, and more.
Shoppers can find homes, year-round and seasonal, in all price ranges.
Shoppers can find Reeboks for sale amongst many other items.
Shoppers can find several types of discounts .
Shoppers can find several unique stores, including six eclectic antique stores, right in Bethlehem.
Shoppers can find sweet potato pie, hand-woven clothing, African artifacts, CDs, and vintage LPs.
Shoppers can find, compare and buy virtually any product or service with just a click of a mouse.
Shoppers can flip, rotate and move each gift.
Shoppers can glean necessary info from the FAQ page, buyer's guide, message boards, and reviews.
Shoppers can have as many packages as they can carry and place on their lap.
Shoppers can have gift items purchased there wrapped at no additional charge.
Shoppers can hunt for bargains on fine glassware, and Irish textiles.
Shoppers can increase their savings by using more coupons.
Shoppers can instantly view, compare, and select from multiple price quotes.
Shoppers can interact with other customers or ask for assistance from a virtual salesperson.
Shoppers can learn more about what they do and make a donation in someone's name.
Shoppers can list hardware to sell, or look for items to buy using the free classified ads.
Shoppers can observe the craftsmen at work from our observation rooms.
Shoppers can order gift certificates online, via in-store terminals, or by telephone.
Shoppers can order goods from their desks, which are delivered to their office the same day.
Shoppers can order online fast and secure around the clock.
Shoppers can order online or ask for a catalogue before purchasing.
Shoppers can participate in real-time dutch auctions.
Shoppers can pause from their shopping and listen while sipping coffee.
Shoppers can pay by credit card.
Shoppers can personalize a wish list to save for later, a great way for parents to plan ahead.
Shoppers can pick a tag, shop for the child, then turn the gifts in to volunteers.
Shoppers can pick up and return products in-store or via mail.
Shoppers can place their deli order when they first arrive and pick it up on their way to checkout.
Shoppers can play with digital cameras and make home movies or learn how to create music CDs.
Shoppers can preorder software for shipment the day it is released.
Shoppers can purchase items from cereal to band aids to aspirin .
Shoppers can receive delivery from supermarket employees, or pick-up orders at their convenience.
Shoppers can redeem miles for purchase online and check flight status by city name.
Shoppers can register any product, from any retailer, for any event.
Shoppers can revel in the display of unique handicrafts, French and Asian cuisine are tantalizing.
Shoppers can revel in the many boutiques, shops and markets that line the long waterfront.
Shoppers can ride a trolley car between the center's two shopping complexes.
Shoppers can scan coupons and their club cards.
Shoppers can scan products for information or for special discounts.
Shoppers can screen products by age group.
Shoppers can search by artist, album title, song title, or record label.
Shoppers can search by keyword to find accessories, shirts, coats, skirts, pants and much more.
Shoppers can search for an organization by name, location, or category.
Shoppers can search for gifts by price range and category or take recommendations from the store.
Shoppers can search the site to find product categories they want.
Shoppers can see the blue light blinking and rush to the sale.
Shoppers can see the top-level directory of all departments no matter what page they're looking at.
Shoppers can see what's available immediately.
Shoppers can select and purchase shirts tailored to their exact specifications.
Shoppers can select from dozens of vegetables, dried fruits and bins of nuts and grains.
Shoppers can select from the full inventories of the museum shops.
Shoppers can sign up either on a Web site on in a real-life store.
Shoppers can stay inside and use the skywalks that bridge the streets.
Shoppers can submit credit card information by phone.
Shoppers can suggest other charities for the site to seek to sign up.
Shoppers can suggest other organizations.
Shoppers can take advantage of the nearby night market and luxury shopping complexes.
Shoppers can tell if their shoes or shirts are made in America.
Shoppers can then simply click to view more detailed information.
Shoppers can thus easily return to their shopping cart when they're finished reviewing the chart.
Shoppers can view the navigable and searchable catalog, placing items in the shopping cart.
Shoppers can visit an eclectic mix of galleries and specialty shops.
Shoppers can vote for their favorite by placing donations in the available envelopes.
Shoppers catch the vans back to their office at the same location where they disembarked.
Shoppers charge their orders for the rechargeable goods.
Shoppers choose a model that compares to their own complexion, hair colour, and general appearance.
Shoppers come and go, unaware of the verdant gem just beyond the parking lot.
Shoppers complain that centres lack individuality.
Shoppers control their destiny by putting in a maximum amount they're willing to spend on an item.
Shoppers create lists for special events and for individual people.
Shoppers decay Twelve beyond island onto all climbing also heap among most feet.
Shoppers decay Twelve beyond island onto all climbing ropes also heap among most feet.
Shoppers decay Twelve beyond island onto all coleman camping equipment also heap among most feet.
Shoppers decay Twelve beyond island onto all coleman electric generator also heap among most feet.
Shoppers decay Twelve beyond island onto all coleman gas grill also heap among most feet.
Shoppers delight in the local specially shops and area outlet stores.
Shoppers demand details about the products they are considering for purchase.
Shoppers design their own creations online.
Shoppers direct their retailers' marketing dollars to local or worldwide organizations.
Shoppers display life.
Shoppers earn points toward travel and merchandise discounts for every dollar they spend.
Shoppers eat at local restaurants, buy gas locally and pay to see local attractions.
Shoppers enjoy browsing through gift and antique shops.
Shoppers enjoy outlet malls and antique specialty shops.
Shoppers exchange their cash for coupons, which are used to purchase goods.
Shoppers expect an online store to be as well designed as an offline one.
Shoppers expect better products, greater variety, and faster, more personalized service.
Shoppers feel comfortable in placing orders on line.
Shoppers feel comfortable in placing orders online.
Shoppers feel more secure purchasing from a mall web site than from an individual web site.
Shoppers Feel the results of mass distribution.
Shoppers fight over the last remaining item at a sale.
Shoppers fill the main boulevards.
Shoppers find a plethora of choices to keep the credit cards burning.
Shoppers find products.
Shoppers find profusion of gift shops specializing in jewelry, crystal, onyx, metallic arts.
Shoppers find their needs in locally owned stores that line several major arteries.
Shoppers find their needs met in the community's three major shopping centers.
Shoppers first notice the external improvements with a fresh coat of paint on the building.
Shoppers frantically search for that special gift for friends and family.
Shoppers gain up no cheek once reported resultant vector.
Shoppers genuinely love the low prices and the brand.
Shoppers georgia tech clothes.
Shoppers get instant printouts of the names and booth numbers of dealers offering specific items.
Shoppers get instant printouts of the names and booths numbers of dealers offering specific items.
Shoppers get one last chance today.
Shoppers get the security and protection of dealing with ethical websites.
Shoppers grow before the scene instead has converse all star sale.
Shoppers grow before the scene instead has hyperlite wakeboards.
Shoppers grow before the scene instead has locker organizers.
Shoppers grow before the scene instead has wolverines collectibles.
Shoppers grow before the scene instead has world series bats.
Shoppers hand in an attached slip to the supermarket if they object to being experimented on.
Shoppers has despite the scene instead swim gamecocks memorabilia.
Shoppers has despite the scene instead swim wolverines merchandises.
Shoppers have (part) arms.
Shoppers have (part) body substances.
Shoppers have (part) cell membranes.
Shoppers have (part) cells.
Shoppers have (part) corpi.
Shoppers have (part) cytoplasm.
Shoppers have (part) heads.
Shoppers have (part) human bodies.
Shoppers have (part) legs.
Shoppers have (part) material bodies.
Shoppers have (part) necks.
Shoppers have (part) nuclei.
Shoppers have (part) personality.
Shoppers have (part) plasma membranes.
Shoppers have (part) sections.
Shoppers have (part) vacuoles.
Shoppers have a lot to think about as they choose foods for their families.
Shoppers have a mental image of the product they're looking for.
Shoppers have a tendency to fill baskets.
Shoppers have a wider variety of goods and Merchants can reach the corners of the globe.
Shoppers have access to fresh, local food and they can ask farmers directly about how it s grown.
Shoppers have ample opportunity to check out the unique shops.
Shoppers have at hand instant data on what they are buying before they pay.
Shoppers have excellent modern shopping centres and traditional markets.
Shoppers have five hours to spend it or give it back.
Shoppers have flexible buying options.
Shoppers have little patience for lack of meat case planning and readiness.
Shoppers have long memories.
Shoppers have mobility and freedom of choice.
Shoppers have more choice in selecting their whole duck, breast or leg.
Shoppers have more choices, and more big discounters have entered the market.
Shoppers have several ways to order.
Shoppers have the ability to select items for purchase with a simple click of the mouse.
Shoppers have the luxury of viewing apparel products on a model or in a flat shot.
Shoppers have their bags searched at major stores.
Shoppers have their choice of shops, each one more chic than the next.
Shoppers have then the opportunity to rebuild their credit rating.
Shoppers have to be turned into buyers.
Shoppers have two financial security concerns today.
Shoppers have two security concerns.
Shoppers hurry along some dxf converter.
Shoppers initiate transactions online through a secure server connection.
Shoppers jostle for space, carrying glossy packages.
Shoppers jump ahead in line.
Shoppers keep coming into town.
Shoppers keep tracks.
Shoppers know merchants, and shopkeepers warmly greet their customers.
Shoppers know that the shiny beauty is prone to a tough hide and mushy insides.
Shoppers know what to expect before they even walk in the door.
Shoppers know when they move from department to department, from toothpaste to aspirin.
Shoppers lean into the chair face forward and rest their chin in the face cradle.
Shoppers like and trust our system.
Shoppers like to have a little district where they can go.
Shoppers like to touch and try merchandise before they buy it.
Shoppers like to wander around the stores, touching and smelling what they plan to buy.
Shoppers looking for bargains often patronize outlets.
Shoppers make their way around men and machines on a street in Oporto, Portugal.
Shoppers make their way between the red-roofed stalls, looking, tasting, purchasing.
Shoppers meet daily in the marketplaces and chat as they shop.
Shoppers mistake away an town meanwhile remain fritto misto.
Shoppers mistake away an town meanwhile remain mediterranean chicken.
Shoppers never pay sales tax on clothing in Pennsylvania.
Shoppers now see a clean area with flowers, trees and shrubs.
Shoppers obtain savings opportunities and can comparison-shop.
Shoppers only have to enter it once and use autofill to do the rest.
Shoppers order out.
Shoppers particularly love earrings with large stones of all kinds, from Asia.
Shoppers pay for parking with higher costs of goods and services.
Shoppers pay no state sales tax.
Shoppers pay nothing extra.
Shoppers pay the same prices for their purchases.
Shoppers peek in to examine the styles offered in each shop.
Shoppers pick from a charity menu.
Shoppers pick up bags and directories at the information desk.
Shoppers place their selections in a shopping basket.
Shoppers produces Course thru birth beneath whatever mining instead persuade under one dinner.
Shoppers propel themselves through the store cutting down time and energy.
Shoppers purchase items through our secure server with credit cards or money orders.
Shoppers purchase replicas of the nigger-nanny lore.
Shoppers receive a confirmation email of credit card invoicing and shipping date.
Shoppers receive a special discount, while employers keep their staffs on hand.
Shoppers receive e-mail updates if the site finds a lower price.
Shoppers receive immediate feedabck if their payment goes through.
Shoppers receive invitation at check stand.
Shoppers receive web page and email confirmations with unique confirmation numbers.
Shoppers register only once, complete one personal profile with one email address and one password.
Shoppers remain anonymous until they contact the advertiser by phone or email.
Shoppers report u-scan lines are shorter and more efficient.
Shoppers rush to complete purchases before malls close for prime-time walking hours.
Shoppers say they like the unusual and artistic offerings such stores carry.
Shoppers scan items as they shop using a handheld electronic scanner.
Shoppers scurry to buy traditional chocolate letters for their Sinterklaas celebrations.
Shoppers see appearances.
Shoppers see the padlock or key appear on their browser.
Shoppers seek the lowest cost and highest guaranteed rate.
Shoppers seeking an atmosphere off the beaten track want to find another neighbourhood.
Shoppers seeking online retail therapy, take heart.
Shoppers seem to be walking on streams of water cascading down the slightly tilted flooring.
Shoppers seem to fall into several categories.
Shoppers seem to love the difference.
Shoppers select a category and are directed to the category page.
Shoppers select their own stones, shells or other decorative items, making each piece customized.
Shoppers send in their orders, which are filled at a giant warehouse.
Shoppers shrug off Srinakarin bombing.
Shoppers skirt wide the tanks and soldiers.
Shoppers sound Tear till internet under few buffalo bills caps because lend till whatever butter.
Shoppers spend less time checking out, and mistakes are reduced.
Shoppers spend less time in malls than they did five years ago.
Shoppers spending the most money online are likely to be affluent, educated, middle-aged and male.
Shoppers stock up on fireworks.
Shoppers stroke a luxurious sweater to find out if it feels as good as it looks.
Shoppers stroll the quaint three-block business district lined with unique shops.
Shoppers struggle to their cars with bloated plastic bags banging against their knees.
Shoppers succeed on all rip-stop day packs.
Shoppers succeed on all world series bat.
Shoppers swarm between East Hill's housing developments and strip malls.
Shoppers take it to supermarkets.
Shoppers take note.
Shoppers take the list to their store when shopping.
Shoppers tell all Other folks had olestra confused with everything else.
Shoppers tend to underestimate a down comforter's warmth and seek out the densest one.
Shoppers tend to walk faster on hard surface flooring, slowing down once they feel carpet underfoot.
Shoppers then can redeem the beads for a gift certificate.
Shoppers then use the model to try on clothes.
Shoppers think of it as a dirty, junky store and avoid coming into it.
Shoppers throw Work among little eight except no second.
Shoppers typically create new orders based on past orders.
Shoppers use a smart card and order from a personal pre-loaded shopping list.
Shoppers use math to calculate change, tax, and sales prices.
Shoppers vote with their pocketbooks.
Shoppers walk past a man sleeping in front of a business.
Shoppers walk up and down the street quickly in the cold while crossing guards chat with residents.
Shoppers wants to wait until all medical evidence is gathered.
Shoppers wear microvideo equipment to record interactions.
Shoppers witness incidents.
Shoppers often choose products based on split-second glances at products' packages.
Shoppers often leave a store rather than wait around to get service.
Shoppers often relate hardness to firmness.
Shoppers sometimes cross state lines to avoid deposit costs, meaning lost sales for some businesses.
All shoppers are wholesaler merchant's for every type of textile material.
All shoppers have to do is sit back, relax and let the butler do the work.
All shoppers look for good value.
All shoppers love sales, but sales aren t always bargains.
All shoppers welcome.
Every shopper looks towards the commotion.
Every shopper walks out with a shoeshine.
Many shoppers appear to like the concept.
Many shoppers are fiercely protective when it comes to giving retailers their personal information.
Many shoppers are still distrustful of Internet shopping.
Many shoppers are still leery of online shopping because of security or privacy issues.
Many shoppers buy in bulk and resell their purchases for profit.
Many shoppers conduct research on a manufacturer s home site prior to making a purchase decision.
Many shoppers feel it's high time.
Many shoppers frequent the shop alone.
Many shoppers have a hard time finding just the right product.
Many shoppers have trouble believing it, but local merchants also offer competitive prices.
Many shoppers keep a cheap calculator with their book.
Many shoppers rely on carpooling, buses, taxicabs or walking to get to a food store.
Many shoppers rely on the 'best before' date displayed on all foods.
Many shoppers report going to rummage sales and coming home with more than they bargained for.
Many shoppers return week after week to pick up a fresh supply of produce.
Many shoppers say their experiences with their favorite real-world stores are good ones.
Many shoppers still are concerned about security issues on the Internet.
Most shoppers are concerned about the quality of the food they buy.
Most shoppers are still jolly but economy and market bumps dampen holiday cheer.
Most shoppers are women who like to look, feel and test before they buy.
Most shoppers arrive by car, so parking facilities are essential.
Most shoppers display life.
Most shoppers find products.
Most shoppers keep tracks.
Most shoppers like to do comparisons among the alternatives available.
Most shoppers like to pick fresh vegetables with nice-looking leaves or bulging stalks.
Most shoppers see a connection between nutrition and their health.
Most shoppers see appearances.
Most shoppers think only of green seedless when they look for grapes.
Some shoppers are tired of waiting.
Some shoppers are very price conscious.
Some shoppers argue necessity.
Some shoppers buy to eat out of hand, others to feed a whole family and some are home canners.
Some shoppers come in with ideas they found in magazines.
Some shoppers come to the store - only to let their fingers do the rest of the walking.
Some shoppers know exactly what they want.
Some shoppers move behind clothes racks.
Some shoppers purchase legal marijuana.
Some shoppers purchase marijuana.
Some shoppers read the story's first paragraph and last paragraph only.
Some shoppers spend little or no time gathering information before buying an item.
Some shoppers watch for special airfares on the Internet or in the newspaper.
Shopping arcades are inside and around the temple.
Shopping arcades come to the party to celebrate spring in style throughout the Festival.
A shopping bag is a bag
Shopping bags are as at home here as business cases and evening clutches.
Shopping bags are bags.
Shopping bags are located in car trunks.
Shopping bags are located in closets.
Shopping bags are located in grocery stores.
Shopping bags are located in homes.
Shopping bags are located in markets.
Shopping bags are located in restaurants.
Shopping bags are located in retail stores.
Shopping bags are located in shops.
Shopping bags are located in storage cabinets.
Shopping bags are located in stores.
Shopping bags are located in supermarkets.
Shopping bags are too small and tall kitchen bags are too big.
Shopping bags are used for books.
Shopping bags are used for shopping.
Shopping bags can be bulky and heavy.
Shopping bags have handles.
Shopping bags made from the fabric contain the equivalent of eight two-liter bottles.
A shopping basket is a basket
Shopping basket is low on the back and directly over or in front of rear wheels for stability.
Shopping bots are now a standard feature on most portal sites.
Shopping bots are only as good as their databases.
Shopping bots compile enormous databases of products sold at online stores.
Shopping bots report too many wrong prices.
Shopping bots track thousands of items from hundreds of merchants.
Shopping Bots Use the sites listed here to comparison shop on the Web before buying.
Shopping bots work simply enough.
Some shopping bots charge retailers to be included.
A shopping cart is a cart
Shopping cart calculates quantity discounts.
Shopping cart click here to access the inventory.
Shopping cart click here to order on-line.
Shopping cart follows the shopper on any browser for a single session.
Shopping cart handling prices include shipping and insurance.
Shopping cart is empty.
Shopping cart is our specialty.
Shopping cart ordering Online surfers are very demanding.
Shopping cart updates.
Shopping carts are a great way for customers to purchase items.
Shopping carts are a prime example.
Shopping carts are also available.
Shopping carts are available for catalog type web sites.
Shopping carts are located in grocery stores.
Shopping carts are located in markets.
Shopping carts are located in shops.
Shopping carts are located in supermarkets.
Shopping carts are only for website numbers.
Shopping carts are software programs that automate the process of online purchasing.
Shopping carts are still hot.
Shopping carts are the software at the heart of most web stores.
Shopping carts can facilitate sales automatically.
Shopping carts done with Cold Fusion are more secure and faster than CGI programmed shopping carts.
Shopping carts get more sophisticated as they provide more flexibility to the store administrator.
Shopping Carts make online shopping easy.
Shopping carts offer a user friendly way for consumers to purchase products online.
Shopping carts present a hazard to children and are a nuisance to everyone.
Shopping carts track what a customer is adding to a list of items to purchase.
Shopping carts vary in capabilities and ease of use.
Shopping carts work with the use of a database.
All shopping carts have some very basic components.
All shopping carts listed are real time credit card capable.
Many shopping carts are available to choose from.
Most shopping carts use cookies.
Some shopping carts communicate vital purchase information by email to the catalog owner.
Some shopping carts cost thousands of dollars to install and setup.
A shopping center is an outlet
Shopping center is on right.
Shopping center is on the right.
Shopping centers abound from upscale boutiques to outlet centers.
Shopping centers abound nearby.
Shopping centers abound throughout our area.
Shopping centers abound.
Shopping centers anchored by a grocery store also appear to be stable.
Shopping centers are also available in some major hotels and in center and outskirts of town.
Shopping centers are also one of the main hangouts for local teenagers.
Shopping centers are commercial organizations.
Shopping centers are everywhere.
Shopping centers are ground.
Shopping centers are in abundance.
Shopping centers are in the works.
Shopping centers are large buildings.
Shopping centers are located in malls.
Shopping centers are located in people.
Shopping centers are located in stores.
Shopping centers are located in suburbs.
Shopping centers are located in urban areas.
Shopping centers are on both north and south sides of the golf course.
Shopping centers are today's town squares, which attract thousands of daily visitors.
Shopping centers are used for working.
Shopping centers are well known for carjacking.
Shopping centers continue to spring up in the development.
Shopping centers have no road rules and every driver is aggressively competing for a car park.
Shopping centers have several stores.
Shopping centers have to change focus in order to retain market dominance.
Shopping centers provide excellent locations as people are already being drawn to the center.
Every shopping center needs a Chinese restaurant, it seems.
Many shopping centers are close by.
Many shopping centers provide transportation to and from area hotels.
A shopping centre is an outlet
Shopping centres are the village squares of the Hills District.
Some shopping centres are also open over the weekend.
Shopping channels are interactive, so a link to the local telephone network is required.
Shopping channels can be more effective than banners alone.
Most shopping complexes have a licensed money changer.
Shopping Districts Find the best deals in Cleveland.
A shopping list is a list
Shopping list covers ingredients needed for recipes only.
Shopping list is useless in purchasing ingredients.
Shopping lists are for meals at home.
Shopping lists are lists.
Shopping lists are located in fridges.
Shopping lists are only good for the store in which it was created.
Shopping Lists Save time with lists organized by store aisle.
A shopping mall is an outlet
Shopping mall is five miles away.
Shopping mall meets sports arena.
Shopping mall provides information from vendors or details about upcoming symposia.
Shopping mall showrooms.
Shopping malls are a popular alternative.
Shopping malls are abundant.
Shopping malls are busy dealing with last-minute shoppers.
Shopping malls are easily accessible, including all major department and discount stores.
Shopping malls are excellent locations for book stores.
Shopping malls are extremely attractive with anything that one can ask for.
Shopping malls are full of interesting sights, sounds and smells.
Shopping malls are good places for people to take extra steps toward fitness.
Shopping malls are great places to get a good walking workout.
Shopping malls are great.
Shopping malls are located in downtowns.
Shopping malls are located in large towns.
Shopping malls are located in suburban areas.
Shopping malls are located in suburbs.
Shopping malls are open throughout the day.
Shopping malls are retail spaces shared by a large or small group of stores.
Shopping malls are the real postmodern sites of happy consciousness.
Shopping malls are the temples of materialistic religion.
Shopping malls are used for shopping.
Shopping malls are used for shops.
Shopping malls are used for walks.
Shopping malls arrive on the Internet.
Shopping Malls arrive on the Internet.
Shopping malls bustle with activity near lush golfing greens.
Shopping Malls Following are the locations and phone numbers of the major outlying shopping malls.
Shopping malls go out of business.
Shopping malls line most streets and offer quality goods to customers.
Shopping Malls Order no.
Shopping malls provide an alternative source of diversion.
Shopping malls provide an excellent place for walking inside during extreme weather.
Shopping malls seem to be a form of postmodern community.
Shopping malls sport festive decorations and ring with seasonal music.
Any shopping mall has a variety of restaurants and coffee shops, many with outside tables.
Many shopping malls are partially or totally underground, in the sense that they are below grade.
Many shopping malls have morning walks for seniors.
Many shopping malls open early and sponsor mall walks.
Many shopping malls open their doors for walkers before the stores even open.
Many shopping malls sponsor indoor walking programs in the mornings before stores open.
Most shopping malls allow seniors to walk inside before the stores open.
Shopping sites allow the consumer to avoid dealing with a commission-incented loan officer.
Shopping sites are for everyone else who can boot up a computer and use a mouse.
Shopping sites incorporate many of the features of a store, such as aisles and shopping carts.
Shopping sites offer the usual online fare of books, CDs, games, and video.
Shopping sites use cookies to help implement that function.
All shopping sites feature an interactive shopping cart with secure server credit card ordering.
Most shopping sites let buyers review products.
Most shopping sites post security information for consumers.
Shopping streets are always crowded, restaurants bustling and tourist sites overflowing.
Shopping  buying.
Shopping  buys.
Shopping  compare prices.
Shopping  purchasing.
Shopping  stops.
Shopping abounds here as well with several options from which to choose.
Shopping abounds here as well with several options to choose from.
Shopping abounds in nearby unique specialty shops, country stores and outstanding designer outlets.
Shopping adds to the charm of the visitor s vacation.
Shopping also can bring on distress and guilt, and some individuals return the items they purchased.
Shopping also is a major diversion for visitors.
Shopping also provides a rating system, whereby customers are able to evaluate merchants.
Shopping also starts just outside our doors down in the harbor area.
Shopping am free afternoon.
Shopping are buying.
Shopping are commodities.
Shopping are fun.
Shopping are subject to additional rules and guidelines.
Shopping are subject to change and product availability.
Shopping are tirings.
Shopping are used for fun.
Shopping becomes a celebration of color, shape, architecture and community.
Shopping becomes a pastime.
Shopping becomes An excruciating chore.
Shopping becomes an interactive adventure.
Shopping begins at home, and it begins early.
Shopping begins for fabric, notions , and other raw materials as well as costume accessories.
Shopping Buy from our featured merchants.
Shopping Buy online.
Shopping can be a boring experience.
Shopping can be a great source of fun in Korea.
Shopping can be a tiresome, demanding and frustrating undertaking.
Shopping can be a wonderful past time, with the abundance of shops and markets.
Shopping can be as just fun as in Bangkok.
Shopping can be darn good exercise.
Shopping can be difficult.
Shopping can be especially painful for larger teens, who so desperately want to fit in.
Shopping can be especially painful for larger teens.
Shopping can be great fun in Edinburgh, and there is lots of it.
Shopping can be quite a chore and require many hours of time.
Shopping can be stressful enough sometimes.
Shopping can be stressful, so start early.
Shopping can be tough.
Shopping can be very stressful, but there are ways to manage it.
Shopping can chase the blues away today.
Shopping can help provide that kind of bait.
Shopping can take many forms in Dubai.
Shopping cause a desire to buys.
Shopping cause bankruptcies.
Shopping cause callus.
Shopping cause debts.
Shopping cause less money.
Shopping cause panic.
Shopping ceases to be an activity to move necessary goods and services.
Shopping Check Out.
Shopping Click a category to view items.
Shopping conscientiously is within our power.
Shopping consists mainly of souvenirs.
Shopping continues to take on different forms, most recently on-line.
Shopping could't be easier.
Shopping Do good, while shopping for something good.
Shopping does the same thing.
Shopping elsewhere is likely to reduce the efficiency of the system.
Shopping Enter our extensive on-line mall.
Shopping esprit online catalog is here.
Shopping Expect a variety of shopping experiences in Person County.
Shopping Explain about bulk buying for food.
Shopping Find local stores here .
Shopping Find people.
Shopping Find the closest shopping mall complete with store phone numbers and mall specials.
Shopping Find the most stylish fashion and vintage design sites and products on the web.
Shopping Forget the hustle and bustle of the malls.
Shopping Get great deals from our partners.
Shopping Get in touch with shops on the Island.
Shopping Get information about current rates and property features.
Shopping goes on well into the evening.
Shopping Got to do quite a bit of shopping over the last month.
Shopping has a variety of aviation companies.
Shopping has to be done, meals have to be prepared and served.
Shopping here is a culinary experience because they offer tasting samples of their products.
Shopping Here is a cute website that links a bunch of boutiques across the country.
Shopping here is a delightful experience.
Shopping here is a hands-on experience.
Shopping here is a little unlike Western countries.
Shopping here is a simple thing.
Shopping here is a special pleasure.
Shopping here is a trip both backward and forward in time.
Shopping here is also secure.
Shopping here is an event for the entire family.
Shopping here is an old fashioned experience wrapped in country warmth.
Shopping here is close, convenient, compact and entertaining.
Shopping here is deluxe and bargains on many designer fashions can be found all over the city.
Shopping here is easy, informative, and fun.
Shopping here is easy.
Shopping here is fun for the whole family .
Shopping here is fun, and service is personal.
Shopping here is much cheaper than a lot of New York stores.
Shopping here is simply the easiest, most convenient way to shop online and save money.
Shopping here is very different.
Shopping here means browsing our many specialty stores, antique shops and malls.
Shopping here offers incredible variety with many quaint shops.
Shopping here ranges from duty-free merchandise of all types to wonderful local crafts.
Shopping includes anything from craft centers to antique markets.
Shopping includes huge enclosed malls, outlets centers and numerous shops and boutiques.
Shopping includes very easy gift shopping with place for a message on the gift card.
Shopping involves walking, standing and carrying.
Shopping is a big attraction in Virginia, but so is heritage tourism.
Shopping is a breeze with the quick and easy to use interface.
Shopping is a breeze.
Shopping is a core activity in sustaining a culture of denial.
Shopping is a cure for the blues.
Shopping is a delight with the city being home to the world's oldest independent department store.
Shopping is a delight with unique treasures found nowhere else.
Shopping is a delight.
Shopping is a favorite pastime, and the lively nightlife is unsurpassed.
Shopping is a favoured past time.
Shopping is a favourite pastime for most people.
Shopping is a form of patriotism.
Shopping is a girl's thing.
Shopping is a good example.
Shopping is a great American sport.
Shopping is a growing activity online.
Shopping is a major activity here.
Shopping is a major activity, for tourists and residents.
Shopping is a major attraction in Eugene.
Shopping is a major attraction in New Jersey with no retail sales tax.
Shopping is a major source of stress.
Shopping is a member service provided for the purpose of exchanging goods with other members.
Shopping is a pain on the Web at the moment.
Shopping is a pleasure at many specialty shops, intimate boutiques and factory outlets.
Shopping is a pleasure at many specialty shops, intimate boutiques.
Shopping is a pleasure here.
Shopping is a pleasure trip to antiques and curios.
Shopping is a popular pastime here.
Shopping is a prime example.
Shopping is a quest for meaning and personal identity.
Shopping is a real thing in Dubai.
Shopping is a short distance away.
Shopping is a simple example.
Shopping is a sociable and enjoyable experience.
Shopping is a social activity.
Shopping is a social event.
Shopping is a stress reliever for a lot of people.
Shopping is a tough job.
Shopping is a treat.
Shopping is a unique and fun experience.
Shopping is a way of life.
Shopping is a woman thing.
Shopping is a wonderful experience here, too, as long as deep pockets abound.
Shopping is about avoiding humiliation.
Shopping is about to become a whole new experience.
Shopping is abundant and convenient.
Shopping is abundant and housing costs are reasonable.
Shopping is across the street, and medical centers are close by.
Shopping is addictive.
Shopping is almost impossible for the already predominantly struggling class.
Shopping is almost totally electronic.
Shopping is already close by and growing daily, and the schools are already in place.
Shopping is also a pleasure in a city with excellent stores and several modern shopping centers.
Shopping is also a popular afternoon past time.
Shopping is also convenient in the area.
Shopping is also first rate, with several fine art galleries and handicraft markets.
Shopping is also high on the list for most travelers, and it's available here in abundance.
Shopping is also just around the corner.
Shopping is also much easier and less stressful if done early.
Shopping is also nearby.
Shopping is also on the menu.
Shopping is also social.
Shopping is always a stress reliever.
Shopping is always available in Mexico, from ceramics to serapes.
Shopping is always close by, Visit one of Phoenix's many malls or browse the roadside shops.
Shopping is always convenient in numerous high quality stores.
Shopping is always easy and secure.
Shopping is always good exercise.
Shopping is always Safe and Secure.
Shopping is amazing .
Shopping is amazingly simple.
Shopping is an activity that can be performed for either utilitarian or hedonic motives.
Shopping is an added bonus along the way.
Shopping is an art best handled by professionals.
Shopping is an art.
Shopping is an attraction in Darjeeling.
Shopping is an easy ride away on the subway.
Shopping is an emotional process.
Shopping is an endless list of decisions.
Shopping is an essential American skill.
Shopping is an essential part of everybody s lifestyle.
Shopping is an important activity for tourists.
Shopping is an industry in itself.
Shopping is an integral part of New York, literally woven into the mosaic of the city.
Shopping is an interesting and enjoyable experience, especially in the bazaars and markets.
Shopping is an unforgettable experience.
Shopping is an unique experience.
Shopping is another favorite pastime, as Long Beach is dotted with hundreds of stores and shops.
Shopping is another important activity to prepare for the celebration.
Shopping is another important part of the tourism sector.
Shopping is another major activity.
Shopping is another problem.
Shopping is another very good reason for coming to Europe.
Shopping is arguably the most American of activities.
Shopping is as easy as point, click and purchase.
Shopping is as much about goods and services as sports is about the final score.
Shopping is available at craft , antique and specialty shops in Hot Springs and Monterey .
Shopping is available at malls, in the downtown area, in boutiques and in nearby campus locations.
Shopping is available from craft stalls, both on the street and at the two craft markets.
Shopping is available in abundance.
Shopping is available in galleries, boutiques, shopping malls and local outlet centers.
Shopping is available in three very close locations.
Shopping is available nearby at the Aloha Stadium Swap Meet on most Wednesdays and weekends.
Shopping is available nearby.
Shopping is available on campus, near the campus, and in the city.
Shopping is available on military bases.
Shopping is available to all active duty soldiers and thier families including retirees.
Shopping is available within a mile of the center.
Shopping is basically seaside artifacts made of seashells.
Shopping is better than sex.
Shopping is blissful.
Shopping is blood sport.
Shopping is bought daily by the chef and charged at cost to the client.
Shopping is burden-free.
Shopping is by invitation only and by assigned time and date.
Shopping is centered in the downtown West End area.
Shopping is clearly the answer to downtown's woes.
Shopping is close.
Shopping is comparable to that of any large city.
Shopping is completely secure.
Shopping is confined to two areas.
Shopping is considered by many to be one of their least favorite activities.
Shopping is convenient and fun.
Shopping is convenient and new communities continue to develop.
Shopping is convenient here because shop owners are usually fluent in several languages.
Shopping is conveniently available both down town as well as in the suburbs.
Shopping is definitely up there.
Shopping is definitely upscale, ditto for food stops.
Shopping is difficult here.
Shopping is discreet and secure and all personal information is always kept confidential.
Shopping is divided into categories that are clear and intuitive.
Shopping is done by bank customers who are trained and paid for their work.
Shopping is done in large market squares where everyone comes and displays their goods.
Shopping is done the day before.
Shopping is duty free and perfumes, liquors, watches, linen and crystal are excellent buys.
Shopping is duty free.
Shopping is duty-free.
Shopping is easy and confidential.
Shopping is easy and convenient with two major shopping malls.
Shopping is easy and convenient.
Shopping is easy and delivery is fast.
Shopping is easy and fun.
Shopping is easy and hassle free.
Shopping is easy and secure.
Shopping is easy and simple to search.
Shopping is easy, and the online ordering is good.
Shopping is easy, delivery s a snap.
Shopping is easy, even if it has spaced out over several years.
Shopping is easy, fast, and convenient.
Shopping is easy, with lots of parking.
Shopping is easy.
Shopping is Easy.
Shopping is encouraged.
Shopping is entertainment.
Shopping is excellent in Billings.
Shopping is excellent ranging from mercados offering Mexican artifacts to American-style malls.
Shopping is fabulous.
Shopping is fast, easy and Secure for credit card sales.
Shopping is filled with math.
Shopping is for comparing price,quality and value.
Shopping is for online sales sites for the consumer.
Shopping is for retail and online sales sites.
Shopping is fun and easy using a secure ordering system that accepts both checks and credit cards.
Shopping is fun and easy.
Shopping is fun, but it also has a purpose - to improve our lives.
Shopping is fun.
Shopping is generally a chore.
Shopping is generally limited to non-Soviets.
Shopping is good for art, crafts, T-shirts, hats, and silver jewelry.
Shopping is good, as are the tavernas on the waterfront.
Shopping is good, with two large enclosed shopping malls.
Shopping is great and bring a lot of one dollar bills.
Shopping is great fun in our area, from antiques to unique gifts to major chains.
Shopping is great in Missoula.
Shopping is great with several commissaries, exchanges and local shops.
Shopping is great, gold, persian rugs are all good bargins.
Shopping is great.
Shopping is guaranteed secure.
Shopping is high-estate and exclusive.
Shopping is huge and carried their winter profits.
Shopping is integral to the tourist experience.
Shopping is is terrific in Turkey with a rich variety of Turkish crafts available at bargain prices.
Shopping is just a few minutes drive.
Shopping is just a few yards away.
Shopping is just a short drive from the Mount.
Shopping is just a short walk away from the hotel.
Shopping is just as tempting and just as varied.
Shopping is just down the road along with theater and restaurants.
Shopping is just footsteps away.
Shopping is just minutes away.
Shopping is legendary.
Shopping is less hassle.
Shopping is less then a mile away.
Shopping is life, leisure, and the pursuit of happiness with a credit card.
Shopping is limited and, by some visitors, considered somewhat expensive.
Shopping is limited to the small souvenir shops located off the beach.
Shopping is loaded straight into plastic green boxes on special trolleys.
Shopping is located in the vicinity.
Shopping is made easier at North Town.
Shopping is made easier.
Shopping is made easy by clicking one of the categories at the top of the page.
Shopping is many people's favorite indoor sport.
Shopping is minutes away at various major shopping centers.
Shopping is much easier.
Shopping is near at the park country store with basic food items and merchandise.
Shopping is never too far away.
Shopping is nil, nightlife hasn t even been considered.
Shopping is now an endurance test on modern man naked teen pics.
Shopping is now our main cultural activity.
Shopping is often around or with other people.
Shopping is okay, but avoid extravagant spending.
Shopping is on everybody s minds.
Shopping is one of many ways to surround children with meaningful talk.
Shopping is one of New York s main attractions.
Shopping is one of our Visitors most passionate pursuits.
Shopping is one of the biggest challenges.
Shopping is one.
Shopping is only a part because it builds relationships.
Shopping is only for websites that sell materials online.
Shopping is only part of the fun.
Shopping is only the beginning.
Shopping is open.
Shopping is optional.
Shopping is our favorite national pastime.
Shopping is Phoenix is an adventure itself.
Shopping is plentiful and bargaining is the acceptable way of doing business.
Shopping is plentiful in Columbia.
Shopping is plentiful in Mexico, but there are limits to what one can bring back across the border.
Shopping is plentiful with a complex of national chain stores as well as unique specialty shops.
Shopping is plentiful, and the restaurants are great.
Shopping is plentiful, and the school system is flourishing.
Shopping is plentiful.
Shopping is poor.
Shopping is possible in the city.
Shopping is Private.
Shopping is probably the best in the city and there are a number of top class restaurants nearby.
Shopping is quick, easy and hassle free.
Shopping is rather exhausting.
Shopping is really a major pasttime in Houston.
Shopping is relatively uncommon as a principal motivation, once again.
Shopping is relatively uncommon as a principal motivation.
Shopping is relaxing and enoyable in the shopping hub of the Big Horn Basin.
Shopping is retail therapy.
Shopping is safe and easy.
Shopping is safe and secure.
Shopping is secure .
Shopping is secure and easy.
Shopping is secure and the ordering process, though slightly cumbersome, is easy to understand.
Shopping is secure.
Shopping is Secure.
Shopping is serious business here and speedy transactions are unheard of.
Shopping is serious business.
Shopping is simple and convienient.
Shopping is simple and credit card transactions are secure.
Shopping is so much fun at an auto part store filled with car parts.
Shopping is so much fun at an auto part store.
Shopping is some of the best in the Southeast.
Shopping is still available and fishing is still going on.
Shopping is taken very seriously here.
Shopping is the area in which privacy is still largely unprotected.
Shopping is the chief sacrament of consumerist culture.
Shopping is the greatest pastime ever.
Shopping is the latest in a series of projects that explore the idea of the exploded gallery.
Shopping is the national pastime in Singapore, next to eating.
Shopping is the other spectator sport here.
Shopping is the vacation.
Shopping is top notch, with over a dozen American-style shopping malls.
Shopping is top quality, with a wide range of antiques, native handicrafts, furniture, and textiles.
Shopping is upscale and premium.
Shopping is varied and generally inexpensive.
Shopping is very affordable in the small boutiques as well as the many malls.
Shopping is very close by in the downtown core.
Shopping is very easy and great fun.
Shopping is very hard for seniors.
Shopping is very limited here, so think on that as well.
Shopping is very simple and intuitive.
Shopping is very strong at home, but often more buying is is split more evenly.
Shopping is within reach.
Shopping is within walking distance for daily necessities.
Shopping is within walking distance of most neighborhoods.
Shopping is within walking distance, but car exchange possible if desired.
Shopping is within walking distance.
Shopping is, after all, an art form.
Shopping is, after all, an important cultural ritual and recreational activity.
Shopping Let's face it, the Internet is the future of convenience shopping.
Shopping lets riders buy and sell everything bike.
Shopping locally can help make the difference between a thriving community and a ghost town.
Shopping locally is only a part of developing a more progressive tax base in Cortez.
Shopping locally is practically a social sport all by itself.
Shopping locally makes sense.
Shopping makes credit card purchases simple and safe, with the use of an SSL-secure server.
Shopping makes it easy for consumers to purchase a wide variety of products in every home category.
Shopping Makes it easy for consumers to purchase a wide variety of products in every home category.
Shopping means buying gifts.
Shopping offers everything from the traditional to the unique and our dining is superb.
Shopping offers everything from traditional to unique and our dining is superb.
Shopping offers from our partners.
Shopping offers souvenirs of local Spanish crafts and pottery as well as beach goodies for the kids.
Shopping owns celebrity-branded intellectual properties and operates entertainment retail outlets.
Shopping Pay a visit to The Disney Store , found in most major shopping malls.
Shopping Provides information about shopping.
Shopping provides instant beauty and pleasure.
Shopping ranges from antiques to unique gifts to outlet shopping.
Shopping ranges from curios to fine Mexican furniture.
Shopping ranges from department stores to exclusive and specialist shops.
Shopping ranges from eclectic fashions to antiques.
Shopping ranges from factory outlets to antiques and specialty shops.
Shopping ranks dead last.
Shopping ranks right up there with eating as a favourite pastime.
Shopping Ranks second among New Jersey counties in retail sales.
Shopping really takes something away.
Shopping requires expertise.
Shopping rises to foremost concern in the national agenda.
Shopping runs second only to the sights and history as an event.
Shopping seems to be one of the more popular diversions for vacationers.
Shopping Select the perfect gift or souvenir from our two unique gift shops.
Shopping shows links and advertisements to outlets for retail products in Singapore.
Shopping starts soon.
Shopping Stay away from the knock off name brand goods.
Shopping Strolling through the souks is a wonderful feast for the senses.
Shopping takes merchant ratings very seriously.
Shopping takes on a new dimension on the weekends with open air arts and crafts markets.
Shopping takes place once a month.
Shopping tends to reward stores with higher ratings.
Shopping too is a joy with supermarkets and many street markets close by.
Shopping Try our clothing stores on for size.
Shopping Try to buy local produce and shop in locally owned outlets.
Shopping Try to shop where they have shopping carts.
Shopping turns shops hotels shores.
Shopping Use the following links when shopping.
Shopping uses cookies to facilitate the checkout process.
Shopping uses unnecessary icons to identify the shops and wastes precious space.
Shopping varies from antiques to contemporary.
Shopping Visit our friendly merchants and enjoy a wide range of shopping experiences.
Shopping When buying packaged buckwheat products, be sure the package is sealed.
Shopping Always buy government inspected meat and poultry and pasteurized milk.
All shopping is done in Ocean Beach.
All shopping is done locally.
All shopping is fully secured, and the mall respects and offers full privacy protection.
All shopping is guaranteed to be secure.
All shopping is on a secured server.
All shopping is through our secure online server.
All Shopping Starts Here.
More Shopping Be ready.
More Shopping Check out our extensive shopping section for more great stores and gift ideas.
Most shopping falls into the first category.
Most shopping is centered along one main thoroughfare.
Some shopping is accomplished as well.
Some shopping is available on campus.
A shore bird is a wader
Shore birds are abundant at low tide.
Shore birds are accessible at several places on the island.
Shore birds are birds.
Shore birds are most common during late spring and early fall.
Shore birds are our first arrivals.
Shore birds are wild animals.
Shore birds gather in large numbers along the coast.
Many shore birds have long, thin probing bills.
Shore crabs are a nocturnal predator which means it hunts at night.
Shore crabs are also easy to identify and sex.
Shore crabs are relatively easy to find.
Shore crabs are scavengers, using their claws to tear apart dead fishes and rotting seaweed.
Shore crabs hide under rocks and seaweed at low tide.
Shore crabs live on beaches and rocky shores .
Shore crabs live on beaches and rocky shores.
Shore facilities are good.
Shore flies are unlikely to reproduce indoors, except in greenhouses.
Shore flies breed in algae and do little direct damage to plants.
Shore flies have several generations each year.
Shore flies resemble eye gnats, fruit flies, or vinegar flies in general shape.
Shore hardness is a strong indicator of modulus.
Shore hardness is measured using a device called a durometer.
Shore hardnesses can be softer than a pencil rubber, harder than nylon or anywhere between.
Shore juniper tolerates seashore conditions.
Shore junipers possess needle-like leaves in whorls of three with white bands on the upper surface.
Some shore juniper grows on banks.
Shore pine grows well in wet and boggy areas.
Shore pine is pine
Shore power is accessible at the back of the building.
Shore power is available at slips in the Marina.
A shore is a formation
Shore camping spots help the lake to accommodate a large number of boaters without crowding.
Shore dives and boat dives.
Shore flies .
Shore happen beside most noon while pick king cobra set.
Shore is a former mathematics teacher.
Shore is a former public school mathematics teacher.
Shore is about all thar is left on the place.
Shore is also the PriceWaterhouseCoopers director of continuing professional education.
Shore is antagonistic and lacks the necessary leadership skills.
Shore is easier to cart around a gallon of shine than twenty bushels of corn.
Shore is far.
Shore is known for scoring darkly dramatic films such as Silence of the Lambs and The Game .
Shore is purty, though.
Shore is refreshin' on a hot afternoon.
Shore is stone.
Shore is vulnerable.
Shore is worth listening to.
Shore isa formation.
Shore laugh over a daughter however talk bellwether explorations.
Shore laugh over a daughter however talk brigham young cougars poster.
Shore laugh over a daughter however talk buying wakeboards.
Shore leave is in addition to annual leave and accumulates without limit.
Shore lunches for groups.
Shore lunches on a rocky point.
Shore passes provided by immigration authority.
Shore passes provided by immigration services.
Shore represents a merger of object-oriented database and file system technologies.
Shore resembles new world.
Shore serves on the board of America's Promise.
Shore specializes in inorganic, boron hydride chemistry.
Shore succeeds in that task, to an extent.
Shore weigh down all nike sneakers.
Shore works as a computer software systems integration expert.
Shores are beams.
Shores are located in beachs.
Shores are located in oceans.
Shores are located near oceans.
Shores are mainly steep or terraced.
Shores are polygonal features for any body of standing water, such as lakes or ponds.
Shores are polygonal features for any body of standing water, such as reservoirs, lakes or ponds.
Shores are strange places, being the edge of the land as well as the edge of the sea.
Shores are used for meditation.
Shores are used for swims.
Shores has a fine rapport with the kids, and also is a strict enforcer of proper conduct.
Shores has wide beaches with gentle surf.
Shores have (part) beaches.
Shores have (part) shorelines.
Shores have beachs.
Shores includes profiles of some successful herb-growing businesses.
Shores is a golf resort for the whole family.
Shores turn left and drive to swimming pool.
Every shore is different and each shore is constantly changing.
Many shores are much more uneven, with scattered boulders, channels, and gullies.
Some shores are sheer rock walls, with a sprinkling of rocky islands.
Some shores provide habitats.
Shorea wood has similar properties to teak, but is stronger and heavier.
Shorebird migration continues apace with most of it apparently passing over.
Shorebird migration continues into early fall.
Shorebird migration continues, with some decline later in the month.
Shorebird migration is in full swing.
Shorebird numbers are good and new species can be seen almost daily.
Shorebird numbers continue to be quite high but diversity was low.
Shorebird numbers peak once again during the early fall migrations.
Shorebird use is highest in the winter and in early spring.
A shorebird is a wader
Shorebird isa bird.
Shorebirds add to the confusion.
Shorebirds adjust their behavior to time of year, weather and the changing tides.
Shorebirds also migrate southward through Arkansas each fall.
Shorebirds are a diverse and widespread group of wading birds that are highly migratory.
Shorebirds are among nature s most accomplished travelers.
Shorebirds are among the most difficult birds to identify.
Shorebirds are among the most photogenic of birds.
Shorebirds are among the world's greatest migrants.
Shorebirds are an outstanding feature during spring and fall migrations.
Shorebirds are common during the summer and also stop at the refuge during migration.
Shorebirds are even harder to come by for mountain birders.
Shorebirds are most common during late spring and early fall.
Shorebirds are often difficult to approach and fearful of humans.
Shorebirds are particularly dependent on just a few critical stop-over locations.
Shorebirds are peaceful, serene, and even comical on occasion.
Shorebirds are some of our earliest and most remarkable migrants.
Shorebirds are strong flyers and often cover several hundred miles a day.
Shorebirds are well-adapted for their lifestyle.
Shorebirds can be much more difficult to identify.
Shorebirds can be numerous in spring if water levels are suitable.
Shorebirds can serve as a good indicator of the health of a coastal ecosystem.
Shorebirds come in many shapes, sizes, colors and species.
Shorebirds concentrate in great numbers at their stopover sites.
Shorebirds consume mollusks.
Shorebirds continue to move through in small numbers.
Shorebirds continue to move through the state in good numbers.
Shorebirds drink seawater.
Shorebirds exhibit tremendous variation in mating system, parental care, and breeding biology.
Shorebirds extract energy from the intertidal zone in the form of marine worms.
Shorebirds feed mostly on invertebrates found on and in the mudflats.
Shorebirds harvest the animals of beaches, tideflats, and shallow waters.
Shorebirds has-part beaks.
Shorebirds have (part) air sacs.
Shorebirds have (part) bird's feet.
Shorebirds have (part) brains.
Shorebirds have (part) breasts.
Shorebirds have (part) cell membranes.
Shorebirds have (part) cells.
Shorebirds have (part) chest cavities.
Shorebirds have (part) chests.
Shorebirds have (part) corpi.
Shorebirds have (part) cytoplasm.
Shorebirds have (part) ears.
Shorebirds have (part) faces.
Shorebirds have (part) flight feathers.
Shorebirds have (part) heads.
Shorebirds have (part) lips.
Shorebirds have (part) mouths.
Shorebirds have (part) nuclei.
Shorebirds have (part) plasma membranes.
Shorebirds have (part) quill feathers.
Shorebirds have (part) rib cages.
Shorebirds have (part) second joints.
Shorebirds have (part) sections.
Shorebirds have (part) skulls.
Shorebirds have (part) sterna.
Shorebirds have (part) talons.
Shorebirds have (part) vacuoles.
Shorebirds have (part) wishbones.
Shorebirds have a more complicated fall migration.
Shorebirds have impact.
Shorebirds have migratory paths.
Shorebirds have paths.
Shorebirds inhabit beaches.
Shorebirds inhabit sandy beaches.
Shorebirds line the shores, skimming, digging and dipping for food.
Shorebirds live on beaches.
Shorebirds live on sandy beaches.
Shorebirds live, nest and feed on or near the shores of oceans and wetlands.
Shorebirds migrate north.
Shorebirds migrate over incredible distances, covering vast amounts of land during their travels.
Shorebirds migrate over incredible distances.
Shorebirds migrate somewhat later in the spring and earlier in the fall than most waterfowl.
Shorebirds move between the beaches and marshes for feeding, resting, and roosting.
Shorebirds poke their beaks in and out of the sand for food.
Shorebirds possess eggs.
Shorebirds probe the mud for seeds, snails, and worms.
Shorebirds provide wonderful examples of ecological nichemanship.
Shorebirds range in size from a few ounces to a pound or more and come in a variety of colors.
Shorebirds rely on a mosaic of shallow coastal or freshwater wetlands and adjacent upland areas.
Shorebirds seek food.
Shorebirds seen in Hawai'i are all migrants.
Shorebirds use the mudflats as a food source all year round.
Shorebirds often concentrate in areas where prey are most abundant or available.
Shorebirds often congregate on exposed mudflats along the edges of the wetlands.
Shorebirds usually feed on small fish and frogs.
Shorebirds usually flock into groups of ten or more.
All shorebirds move between the beaches and marshes for feeding, resting and roosting.
Many shorebirds are also in the complex.
Many shorebirds are strong flyers.
Many shorebirds feed in the lagoon throughout the year.
Many shorebirds migrate long distances between wintering and breeding habitats.
Most shorebirds are long-legged and graceful.
Most shorebirds consume mollusks.
Most shorebirds drink seawater.
Most shorebirds feed by sense of touch, using their sensitive bills to probe for and gather food.
Most shorebirds has-part beaks.
Most shorebirds have impact.
Most shorebirds have migratory paths.
Most shorebirds have paths.
Most shorebirds inhabit sandy beaches.
Most shorebirds live on beaches.
Most shorebirds live on sandy beaches.
Most shorebirds possess eggs.
Most shorebirds seek food.
Most shorebirds spend the winter in the warmth of the tropics and subtropics.
Some shorebirds defend beach fronts.
Some shorebirds defend fronts.
Some shorebirds depend on coastal habitats.
Some shorebirds depend on crabs.
Some shorebirds depend on habitats.
Some shorebirds eat mollusks.
Some shorebirds eat snails.
Some shorebirds have bills.
Some shorebirds have time.
Some shorebirds live in colonies.
Some shorebirds live in large colonies.
Some shorebirds make even longer journeys.
Some shorebirds prefer grassland.
Some shorebirds sit in marsh.
Shorefront pickup is offered.
Shoreline access is also good in the Shasta Dam area.
Shoreline access is good, boat-launching facilities are adequate.
Shoreline access is good, but there are no handicap accessible areas.
Shoreline access is limited, as the sides of the reservoir are very steep.
Shoreline birds have short and sturdy legs.
Shoreline carrion is a welcome treat.
Shoreline change is most extreme during high energy storms periods.
Shoreline changes can be due to natural causes or they can be human-induced.
Shoreline currents carrying sediments build sandbars and spits across bay mouths.
Shoreline development is most harmful, because it prohibits the common loon from nesting.
Shoreline erosion caused by wave action gradually enlarges reservoirs.
Shoreline erosion is a natural process that occurs on lakes, streams, rivers and along the coast.
Shoreline erosion is caused by a variety of factors.
Shoreline erosion is common.
Shoreline fishermen find it impossible to reach their quarry through the tangled growth.
Shoreline fishing creates a few obstacles that frustrate boat fishermen less often.
Shoreline fishing is good.
Shoreline fishing is limited, but available.
Shoreline ice is safer.
Shoreline modification can destroy habitat and result in water quality problems.
Shoreline modification degrades habitat quality and impacts fish and wildlife populations.
Shoreline Park is the major recreation area in Gulf Breeze.
Shoreline protection is limited to placement of riprap.
Shoreline restaurants offer perch platters, and locals say good perch are eight to the pound.
Shoreline restrictions have safety and logistic concerns for divers.
Shoreline retreat is a recent phenomenon.
Shoreline retreat is evident in the toppled coconut trees at the eastern part.
Shoreline spectators are welcome for free.
Shoreline substrate is again cobble with occasional small sandy beaches.
Shoreline vegetation absorbs the force of waves and currents, protecting against erosion.
Shoreline vegetation decreases the force of wave action and reduces erosion in tidal areas.
Some shoreline vegetation provides shades.
A shoreline is a boundary
Shoreline changes on the Louisiana barrier coast.
Shoreline drops steeply in most areas, plant community pretty homogeneous.
Shoreline focuses on premium quality execution and support services for equity and options traders.
Shoreline isa boundary.
Shoreline points that extend far out into the lake and drop off sharply often concentrate bluegill.
Shorelines appear more distant and waters seem deeper.
Shorelines are back in play advantage, angler.
Shorelines are boundaries.
Shorelines are color-coded to show their sensitivity to oiling.
Shorelines are dynamic ecosystems.
Shorelines are fairly straight and good natural harbors few.
Shorelines are fractals.
Shorelines are generally low, rocky, sandy or overgrown with aquatic vegetation.
Shorelines are generally stable due to years of wind, wave, and ice action.
Shorelines are natural things.
Shorelines are near ancient burial sites.
Shorelines are near burial sites.
Shorelines are near sites.
Shorelines are part of shores.
Shorelines are the meeting place of water, land, and air.
Shorelines are wild and beautiful, varying from high, steep banks to wetlands and wild rice beds.
Shorelines can switch between erosional and constructional processes rapidly in both time and space.
Shorelines mark regions.
Shorelines show off fabulous spring wildflowers and berries.
All shorelines deserve the same level of strong regulation and enforcement.
Most shorelines are near ancient burial sites.
Most shorelines are near burial sites.
Most shorelines are near sites.
Some shorelines are part of coasts.
Some shorelines are part of seashores.
Some shorelines are part of seasides.
Some shorelines are part of shores.
Some shorelines attract ducks.
Some shorelines provide habitats.
Some shorelines provide students.
Shoreside lights blink on and throw white stripes across the water.
Shoreside neighbors are in close proximity.
Shoreside showers are available.
Shorim soils are moderately deep and have a loamy-skeletal control section.
Shorim soils are on footslopes of hills and formed from igneous rock flows.
Shorim soils are on footslopes of hills.
Shoring are support.
Short abstracts are also welcome.
Short abstracts are available along with some full-text articles.
Short abstracts describe the scope, political slant and other aspects of the publication.
Short abstracts describe the scope, political slant, and other aspects of the publication.
Short action poses gradually evolve to more lengthy poses and more complex compositions.
Short ads are more likely to be read.
Short ads are welcome here.
Short adverbs follow the conjugated verb.
Short advertisements do have an effect.
Short age crack in the glaze within the footrim, on the underside of the plate.
Short album reviews.
Some short animation explains energy.
Some short animation explains kinetic energy.
Short annotations accompany each listing.
Short ans coordinate area and perimeter b.
Short answer is correct.
Short answer is no.
Short answer is that it depends.
Short answer is that magnetic monopoles are the magnetic equivalent of point electric charges.
Short answer is when they're ready, and that is around four for most children.
Short answer is yes, it had to be done.
Short answer is yes.
Short answers are better than long.
Short answers are more likely to be used than long, drawn-out answers.
Short answers are preferred.
Short answers blend together from one candidate to the next.
More short answers are on another page.
All short antennas are compromises.
Short applications can be extremely helpful in emergency situations.
Short arm allows more torque to the screw.
Short arms can t reach as faf as needed when making a sharp port turn.
Short article accompanies the table.
Short article explains the conditions necessary for an avalanche.
Short article explains.
Short article introduces the African-American confectioner who invented ice cream.
Short articles are also fine - in fact, encouraged.
Short articles are available.
Short articles are easier to fit in.
Short articles are very welcome.
Short articles can grow larger over time.
Short articles deliver the official view on China's economic and social developments.
Short articles done quickly and easily, with minimal research, can be very profitable.
Short articles explain the basics of investment.
Short articles highlight recent research and nutrition topics.
Short articles offer descriptions.
Short articles provide an introduction to modern mathematics.
Most short articles offer descriptions.
Some short articles provide summaries.
Short assignments allow students to apply course content to their personal situation.
Short assignments are weekly assignments.
Short assignments completed during class are also possible.
Short assignments refer to value assignments where a calculation precedes the actual assignment.
Short axis STIR image demonstrates osteomyelitis as well as abscess formation.
Short bacilli are called coccobacilli.
Short bar has two interestingly different denticles.
Short bars indicate uncertainty of down-dip direction estimates.
Short beach walk to convenience store.
Short beak echidnas have long tongues.
Short beak echidnas have short limbs.
Short beak echidnas have tongues.
Short bevels are ideal for knives that are designed for heavy work.
Short bibliographies accompany each biographical entry.
Short bibliographies complete each entry.
Short bibliographies follow each article.
Short bibliographies follow each essay.
Short bibliographies follow most entries.
Short biographies are available by clicking on a name.
Short biographies are available.
Short biographies are on the horseshoes.
Short biographies detail the lives of significant aviators and inventors.
Short biographies precede critical information.
Short blast is a blast of one second duration.
Short blocks allow direct access to transit stops.
Short blocks make Portland a walker's paradise.
Short boards are for tricks and speed.
Short boat ride on the Sea of Galilee.
A short bone is a bone
Short bones are cube-shaped and are found in the wrist and ankle of the limbs.
Short bones are short, cube-shaped, and found in the wrists and ankles.
Short bones are strong, irregular cubes, made of spongy bone covered with compact tissue.
Short bones have a thin compact bone outer layer, and are filled with spongy bone.
Short books are now so common that some authors have been commissioned by more than one publisher.
Short bowlegs make sun bears look awkward.
Short branches form a star-like appearance.
Short breaks are available at any other time of year.
Short breaks are available at short notice.
Short breaks are available early and late season.
Short breaks are available.
Short breaks are more refreshing than long breaks.
Short breaks are normally for a minimum of three nights and are only available in selected months.
Short breaks are reasonable.
Short breaks can provide time for students to receive enrichment education.
Short breaks is Paris, holiday accommodation in Paris visit paris cheap.
Many short breaks are better than a single long break, for better recovery of visual acuity.
Short bridles cause instability.
Short bristles are best for getting short lashes to look longer.
Short bristles are for short and medium haired dogs and long bristles are for long haired dogs.
Short bursts are easy.
Short bursts are often more effective.
Short bursts attract the most attention.
Short call occurs only during the Intern Year.
Short calls are on a separate book.
Some short canals resemble railroad sidings.
Short captions provide some interesting cultural, historical and anecdotal information.
Short captions provide some interesting cultural, historical and anecdotalinformation.
Short cases require an extended shell holder to properly work with the die.
All short cases are available online now.
Short chains make for strong chains.
Short chapters cover topics such as worship and evangelism, hymns, traditions, and ethics.
Short chapters detail the events in the animals' Olympics.
Short chapters emphasize key points of diagnosis and management.
Short chapters provide answers to specific questions.
Short chapters touch on numerous aspects of quality.
A short circuit is contact
Short circuits allow electricity.
Short circuits are a common fault in assembled circuit boards.
Short circuits are bad things.
Short circuits are contact.
Short circuits are one of the greatest dangers to satellites.
Short circuits are part of circuits.
Short circuits are that much more deadly when no one is around to notice the sparks.
Short circuits are the cause of many fires.
Short circuits can get very hot.
Short circuits use components.
Most short circuits allow electricity.
Most short circuits use components.
Short class reports on individual readings, etc.
Short classes are three to five days in length .
Short cliffs called scarps are left at the top of the slope.
Some short clips are also available for download in the .wav format.
Short clippings are tender and rot quickly.
Short clippings filter down to the soil and decompose quickly.
Short code shows newbies how to create a print button.
Short comedy skits.
Short comments are all that are needed.
Short comments are to immediately follow a speech.
Short comments describe each method and constructor.
Short comments posted by site visitors can provide helpful stuff that longer reviews miss.
Most short comments have a button to click for more information.
Short commute strengthens city prices.
Short commutes mean more time to enjoy family, friends, and the region's many assets.
Short contact can lead to deposition of black silver stains on the skin.
Short contacts drive up the training and preparation times for contacts.
Short contrails have no real effect on the climate or the weather.
Short contributions are acceptable.
Short contributions are welcome.
Short conversations are better than long talks.
Short conversations have the power to effect permanent change.
Short copy is better with E-mail than long.
Short couches can cause neck and back problems.
Short country walks to watch butterflies, dragonflies, birds and to see the flora of our area.
Short course eventing is fun and a great fund raiser.
Short courses are also an ideal way to introduce participants to a conference theme.
Short courses are also available for local jurisdictions' building departments.
Short courses are also available.
Short courses are available on other topics as well.
Short courses are available, check here for information about upcoming events.
Short courses are stand-alone courses rather than units within a formal degree.
Short courses are two hours in length and run concurrent with the technical presentations.
Short courses are typically a few hours long, and cost very little.
Short courses are typically one- day long, and are designed to complement one of the meeting themes.
Short courses can be at any level.
Short courses come in a variety of forms.
Short courses covering special topics are available during the summers.
Short courses have earlier deadlines.
Short courses offer the content of a full semester course in a shorter timeframe.
Short courses provide fast-track education in areas ranging from project management and finance.
Short courses provide training unrelated to a qualification.
Short courses require a ticket to participate and generally a fee at the time of registration.
Short courses tailored to the needs of individual companies are also available.
Short courses taken over a longer period of time are also a possibility.
Short courses tend to last for at least a couple of hours.
Most short courses have microscopic or transparency slide sets.
Some short courses are advanced and require prior training.
Some short courses offer only medical or dental terminology.
A short covering is trading
Short covering combined with new investors buying into the stock causes the stock to go up.
Short Creek is in the southeast portion of Washington County on the Utah Arizona border.
Short cruises are in the Caribbean and Mexico.
Short cuff offers minimalist, barehanded feel.
Short cuts are films.
Short cuts are synonymous with cheapening the product.
Short cuts are unheard-of.
Short cuts can, at times lead to much bigger problems.
Short cuts cause erosion.
Short cuts cause plant damage and erosion.
Short cuts destroy plants and cause soil erosion.
Short cuts lead nowhere in the spiritual field.
Short cuts lead to shortfalls in our experience, therefore nothing is left to chance.
Short cuts make short term solutions.
Short cuts mean big profits for producers but the consumer is short changed.
All short cuts lead to dead ends.
Short cutting saves little time and causes erosion and gully formation.
Short cycles occur most frequently during the early postpartum period.
Short cycles use less energy and work as well.
Short cycles use less hot water and are suitable when dishes are only slightly soiled.
Short day hikes or overnight trips are readily available and vary in degree of difficulty.
Short day plants flower in response to long nights .
Short day trips possible.
Short days cost the same.
Short days favor the development of white and light pink flowers.
Short days increase sensitivity to methadone inhibition of male copulatory behavior.
Short days induce tuberization.
Short days make for short trips.
Short days means less overall heat from the sun.
Short days tend to speed flower production while long days delays flowering.
Short days tend to speed flower production, while long days delay flowering.
Short deadlines are our specialty.
Short deadlines permit quick response to changing market conditions.
Short delays are possible.
Short delays can also add fake ambiance to a recording that was too dead sounding.
Short derivations are appropriate when they help the reader understand the key concepts.
Short description goes here.
Short descriptions accompany each image.
Short descriptions accompany each link.
Short descriptions accompany most links.
Short descriptions describe each information link.
Short descriptions explain the scope and mission of each organization.
Short descriptions follow each link.
Short descriptions follow the entries and the editing is A-plus.
Short descriptions follow.
Short descriptions indicate religious or secular content.
Short descriptions list the materials and services of each vendor.
Short dialogue is used to keep the story moving quickly.
Short dialogue means about one page, single-spaced.
Short discount is less than standard trade discount.
Short discussions are also welcome.
Short division is covered, as is the use and meaning of representing the remainder as a fraction.
Short division is division
Short documents fly by faster than the icon can be drawn on the screen.
Short domains target proteins to the vacuoles.
Short dreams dominate the dream life of many men.
Short drivers are also at risk.
Short drum provides easy storage.
Short dry seasons last for weeks.
Short duplications cause no apparent harm.
Short duration makes for less pain.
Short ears are less sensitive to the cold, while long ears are efficient dissipaters of body heat.
Short ears are unacceptable.
Short emails are pretty much covered in the previous section.
Short emails get a fast response, often the same day.
Short emergence is highly dependant on environmental conditions.
Short end takes the lice.
Short eruptions can end in less than a day .
Short eruptions can end in less than a day.
Short esophagi connect mouths.
Short essay explores the causes and effects of the depression.
Short essays introduce each print.
Short essays require answering or treating the primary issue of a question.
Short evening walks at various local birding sites.
Short examples are in abundance to illustrate usage with accompanying explanatory text.
Short excerpts are available for online viewing.
Short excursions are also offerred.
Short exercises performed intermittently are the most effective.
Short exposure can cause drowsiness, dizziness, headaches and loss of consciousness.
Short exposures are easy.
Short exposures are unreliable.
Short exposures mean sharper images with less chance of trailing taking place.
Short extensions are available on request.
Short eyelashes are recessive and homozygous.
Short fasts are usually safe for people in good health.
Short fences make for talkative neighbhors.
Short fibers create smooth texture.
Short fibre composites.
Short fibres have much less initial compressive strength than long fibres.
Some short fibre comes from trees.
Short fiction has great variety in form, and it places a high premium on compression and exactness.
Short fiction remains relatively viable, if of poor cardiovascular fitness.
Short fields are no excuse for giving up points.
Some short filament provides locomotion.
Short fill comes from leftover cut off from the long filler when they make the better cigars.
Short filler burns hotter and quicker than long filler cigars.
Short filler burns quicker and hotter than long filler.
Short filler consists of leaves that have been cut into many small pieces.
Short films are a much overlooked resource in today s media landscape.
Short films are conceptual work.
Short films are films.
Short films are great.
Short films are so easy.
Short films can more readily employ exactitude without risking audience fatigue.
Short films introduce new talent as they direct our attention to the essential elements of cinema.
Short films offer a snapshot of the attitudes and concerns of today s filmmakers.
Short films playing as part of a series have the opportunity to be reviewed.
Short films promote ideas.
Short films round out the programs.
Short films show events.
Short films welcome.
Short films work well online.
Most short films promote ideas.
Most short films show events.
Some short films show danger.
Short fingers are a sign of an easy life.
Short fingers are dominant over long fingers.
Short fingers are produced by a dominant gene which also makes the whole body short and stocky.
Short fingers belong to someone who is impulsive.
Short fish are the best eating anyway.
Short flaps are also available.
Short flights are also available.
Short flights require speedy service if meals are served.
Short forays are less tiring than full shopping days.
Short forelegs are less vulnerable to injury, but they are less effective at propelling the body.
Short foreskins are common amongst Oriental men.
Short form appraisals.
Short form is about to be reinvented.
Short form is that it is good practice.
Short forms are one sided.
Short forms have to be filled out, and a small amount of blood is donated.
Short Forms Learn some common nicknames for several English names.
Short forms request much less data detail and no identification of materials consumed.
Short format lists titles of Web resources.
Short format shows the name of the page for each matching entry.
Short fragments move faster and further than long fragments.
Short frame makes it easy to do tailwhips, brakes work well until the brake pads wear.
Short frames are better for quick starts and fast, agile turns.
Short frames can have a mix of thin or wide nodes while tall frames can also accomodate high nodes.
Short funds are tricky funds to manage because in rising markets their NAVs obviously decline.
Short fur covers most of their bodies except for their fins.
Short fur is easy to clean up.
Short fur is easy to keep in top shape.
Short gaiters are helpful in keeping scree and brush out of boots.
Short game improves the putting and chipping strokes.
Short game is fairly strong at the moment.
Short game is typical Spanish - sensational.
Short game is vastly underrated.
Short games are OK if they are fun to play over and over.
Every short game gets a short preview.
Short giraffes starve to death.
Short grain cooks up quickly.
Short grain is recommended.
Short grass deteriorates rapidly in hot weather and invites weed growth during the season.
Short grass discourages voles.
Short grass is about two feet tall.
Short grass is therefore better than long grass, which catches a shower before it reaches the soil.
Short grass leaves the very exposed for a long distance.
Short groups Monitor spikes in volumes on stocks with no rumors.
Short guides are also available on machines and printers .
Short guys are hot.
Short hair gives the illusion of a longer neck.
Short hair is chic with the tiny zigzag stencil.
Short hair is considered to be above chin length.
Short hair is cute, long hair is sexy.
Short hair is easier to keep clean and dry.
Short hair is for the beach.
Short hair is lighter and cooler than long hair.
Short hair is popular now.
Short hair is the fashion at the moment.
Short hair reduces the effects of thinning hair by making it appear fuller and thicker.
Short hair stands on end.
Short hair tends to hide thinning hair.
Short hairs are present.
Short hairs cover the green parts and give off a sticky secretion.
Short handles accommodate the additional height of the bag.
Short handles allow usage in cramped areas and discourage over - tightening.
Short haul is the most practical means of rescue.
Short headlines are generally also easier to remember.
Short helices are of course intrinsically less stable because of fewer applicable hydrogen bonds.
Short helices make attractive dish feeds, and long helices are good high-gain antennas.
Short help's better than no help at all.
Short highlights are essential in our half-hour offering.
Short hikes provide stunning vistas and wildflowers.
Short hikers take a loop trail in the state park for more leisurely wildflower viewing.
Short hikers take a more direct route.
Short hikers take a shorter route.
Short histories are available on-line for the towns shown in green.
Short History Defining the moment when art nouveau came into existence is difficult.
Short history is included with the print.
Short hitters aim straight down the center of fairway.
Short hitters face a steep uphill second shot to a green that is heavily bunkered in the front.
Many short hitters grab the club like a baseball bat, in the palms rather than in the fingers.
Short holes play over water and allow little room for mistakes.
Short hospital stays limit opportunity for adequate instruction of breastfeeding for new mothers.
Some short hunger strikes.
Short ideas are oversold, albeit cheap and long ideas are very extended.
Short images are always unsigned.
Short interest is a measure of the total share volume that is currently short the stock.
Short intervals reflect the natural way that children play and then stop and then play again.
Short introductions are available to groups for whom an hour-long tour is inappropriate.
Short introductions preface each section and there is a brief identification of each exhibit.
A short iron is an iron
Short irons are stainless steel with no additional weighting.
Short irons have more loft than long irons.
Short items appear without bullets or numbers.
Short items are more likely to appeal to readers than longer ones.
Short items are more likely to be printed.
Short jerks catch the most fish.
Short journeys are more fun.
Short journeys are particularly expensive and make London cabs seem a great bargain.
Short laboratory exercises that simulate real processes.
Short lawns are also more prone to weeds, insects, and diseases.
Short layers means the hair at the top of the head is short.
Short layers tend to make the hair puff-up, long layers tend to make the hair lay flat.
Short leaves cause grief.
Short leg is just one result.
Short legs give the bird more stability while perching.
Short legs simplify the course and increase the chance factor.
Some short legs have broad hoofs.
Short length makes it snappy in any situation.
A short letter is a personal letter
Short letters are almost always best.
Short letters are best.
Short letters are FAR more likely to be read than longer ones.
Short letters are fine.
Short letters are less likely to be condensed.
Short letters are more effective - and more likely to get read.
Short letters are more likely to be published, and all letters are subject to editing.
Short letters have a better chance of being published.
Short letters have a better chance than long ones.
Short letters re requests for reprints.
Short letters stand a better chance of being published.
Short letters tend to get answered before long ones.
Short life is the price of being a magnetar.
Short limbs allow access to burrows, but are also quite powerful for digging, running and climbing.
Short limbs are characteristic, but trunk size is normal.
Short line is a railway which conducts business on a local or regional basis.
Short lines are a prime cause of damage.
Short lines are also hard to read.
Short lines are easier to read and fit on most screens.
Short lines are transportation systems.
Short lines look much better, and are easier to read.
Short lines speed response, while long lines slow things down.
A short list is a list
Short list moving companies, assess proposals and select most suited candidate.
Short lists are lists.
Short lists help to break up the text and to focus attention on series of items.
Short lists increase the likelihood of going unmatched.
Short lists mean starvation.
Short listing is produced when user searches for a specific posting.
Short listings are available at no charge.
Short men wish to grow tall.
Short measures are essential to control the corruption.
Short meditations are optional.
Short meeting follows breakfast which consists of prayer, discussion of a topic, and mutual support.
Short messages are more effective.
Short messages are more likely to be read and answered quickly.
Short messages are most vulnerable.
Short messages can also be non-text based such as binary format.
Short messages give a brief explanation.
Short messages give the codebreaker a lot of opportunities for leverage.
Every short message contains additional information outside the short message text itself.
Short messaging is great.
Short methods are easier to assimilate quickly and they fit more easily into a browser.
Short metre has two less syllables on the first line.
Short movie reviews from a Christian perspective.
Short muscles have to work harder than long muscles in order to generate force for walking.
Short nails are easier to maintain.
Short nails are necessary.
Short nails interfere with traction.
Short nails make less trouble.
Short nails mean cleaner nails.
Short name is usually a mnemonic or abbreviated version of the long name.
Short names are greatly preferred.
Short names are hard to find.
Short names are preferrable to long names.
Short names are usually preferable to long names.
Short names take less typing and are often the easiest to remember.
Short naps are helpful as well.
Short nature cruises with naturalist.
Short nature hike through second growth forest.
Short neck is planted between the petals.
Short necks are a good indicator for libido.
Some short necks make up of layers.
Short necklaces can be demure or sophisticated.
Short needles are better for kids and teens with diabetes .
Short needles come in groups of five.
Short nerves connect the eyes, antennae, and antennules to the brain.
Short notes cover eating qualities, size and size history, and feeding and habitat characteristics.
Short notes related to the respective poem are welcome, preferably underneath the poem.
Short notice booking discounts on limited dates are also occasionally available.
Short notice is acceptable.
Short notice is fine.
Short notice is possible.
Short notice medicals a speciality.
Short novel asserts the morality of individualism in a bleak collectivist world.
Short nuggets are best.
Short o is like the o in pot .
Short obituary is available.
Short ones are better.
Short ones can catch the branches.
Short ones predict an unexpected gift.
Some short ones are eat, the, chat, or heat.
Short overhangs allow maximum use of interior space.
Short page discusses unusual trigger modifications.
Short pages are acceptable if they are the last page of a chapter.
Short pages look lighter and load faster.
Short pages receive higher rankings from the search services.
Short pans look better than long ones.
Short pants are better than no pants at all.
Short pants is better than no pants at all.
Short pape describe important recent or preliminary results that require limited length.
Short paper provides results.
Short papers are an ideal outlet for current research or industrial applications.
Short papers are due on the day of the presentation.
Short papers are more valualbe than long papers if they provide a stimulus to students to write.
Short papers are roughly five pages long.
Short papers can be either summary, criticism or commentary.
Short papers carry a re-write option.
Short papers describe important recent or preliminary results that require limited length.
Short papers describe important recent results which require limited length for their development.
Short papers develop incisive writing.
Short papers follow the same general organization as research articles.
Short papers offer a more succinct treatment of a relevant topic.
Short papers require only two levels of headings.
Short papers serve as assignments.
Most short paper provides results.
Short paragraphs are best.
Short paragraphs are better than long ones in print.
Short paragraphs are better.
Short paragraphs are easier to digest, and separate the arguments.
Short paragraphs are easier to read on computer screens than long ones.
Short paragraphs are easier to read than long blocks of text.
Short paragraphs are easier to understand than long ones.
Short paragraphs are more effective.
Short paragraphs contribute to the book's suitability for independent reading.
Short paragraphs describe each awardee.
Short paragraphs emphasize.
Short paragraphs encourage concise writing practices.
Short paragraphs help readers digest ideas in bite-sized units.
Short paragraphs help to break up long masses of type as can subheads.
Short paragraphs make emphatic statements.
Short paragraphs make the copy feel less overwhelming.
Short paragraphs make the page more inviting to read, as well.
Short paragraphs offer visual breaks and aid scanning.
Short paragraphs provide more white space, and also clearly differentiate points of discussion.
Short paragraphs tend to be much more readable than long ones.
Short paragraphs work better than long ones.
Some short paragraphs describe situations.
Short parents can produce tall children.
Short parents have short children, and tall x short often gives intermediate height.
Short passwords are more likely to be guessable.
Short passwords are more susceptible to brute force attacks.
Short pasta is transferred to a shaking pre-dryer to prevent it from sticking together.
Short pastures can potentially increase parasite loads.
Short paths lead to secluded beaches.
Short pathways connect the beach, store, campgrounds and service centre.
Short pauses occur between songs.
Short pay is a defining example of a catalytic mechanism.
Short pencil is better than long memory.
Short people can order lower cupboards, tall people the other extreme.
Short people can sit higher in their seats without being on top of the air bag.
Short people find out that it is raining later than tall people.
All short people feel inferior about their height.
Short peptides are relatively extended, while long peptides bulge up in the middle.
Short period covers available at higher rates.
Short periods are followed by long periods.
Short periods are followed by periods.
Short periods are impractical for that type of research.
Short periods make restores easier because there are fewer partials, but use more tape and time.
Most short periods are followed by long periods.
Most short periods are followed by periods.
Short phrases are best and are often referred to as 'sound bites'.
Short phrases are easier and faster to read than long paragraphs.
Short phrases are okay, but long sentences are totally garbled.
Short phrases are preferred.
Short phrases are sometimes good passwords.
Short phrases make for effective delivery.
Short phrases make it easier to repeat words and hear vocal nuances.
Short pieces are perfect for creating bangs.
Short pieces welcome.
Short pins tend to get lost.
Short player packs surprising wallop.
Short poems are especially welcome because they help solve our layout problems.
Short points make it difficult to follow along word by word with the pointer.
Short poles are easy to plant and great for the pow, but they are hard to use while skinning.
Short positions are high.
Short positions are to be maintained.
All short positions are liable for assignment at any time.
Short prairies are a good choice for around homes and buildings.
Short prayers are best, that is ejaculations.
Short prayers are often valuable.
Short prayers can be very intense, and very powerful.
Short presentations are welcome.
Short problem sets from text.
Short processes is toward the left.
Short profiles accompany portrait pictures - highlighting each person.
Short programs mean easier maintenance and time savings.
Short progress reports on current project work.
Short project reports from other development sites are welcome.
Short projects are a good way to start.
Short projects illustrate the basic application and implementation of investment principles.
Short proposals are due soon.
Some short publications are available in full text on the Web.
Short pulses are binary zeroes, longer pulses are ones.
Short pulses are ment to test short cables and to locate faults nearby.
Short queries are often much easier to respond to.
Short queries consist of four or fewer non-stopwords.
Short quotation is permitted.
Short quotations are acceptable with documentation.
Short quotations are permitted provided proper attribution is given.
Short quotations remain in the text, enclosed in double quotation marks.
Short rains are frequent.
Short rains are unlikely but possible.
Short ramps allow good random statistics for all channels as long as many sweeps are made.
Short range moves up the ladder are more common than long range mobility.
Short range spotting is still possible with torching.
Short rate applies on unfilled orders.
Short rate applies.
Short rate refers to the penalty.
Short recommendations are to be put forward to the main server.
Short reels are our favorites.
Short registration is required to enter the site, but worth the trouble.
Short reports are free, while full reports are provided on a fee basis.
Short reports are more likely to be read than long reports.
Short reports are okay.
Short residual is one day or less.
Short residue has the consistency of molasses.
Short response papers about three of the novels in the course.
Short rest breaks Reducing the weight of lifted packages, etc.
Short rests taken often provide better protection than longer breaks after longer periods of work.
Short resumes are much easier to read than long resumes.
Short resumes get more attention than long resumes.
Short review describes installation and use of the product.
Short ribs appear flat or rounded, with no overhanging shelf effect.
Short ribs make an inexpensive, tasty entree, but they're fatty and often tough.
Short rivers tumble steeply to the sea.
Short robe is perfect for pool or a day at the beach.
Short rods are fun to cast, and they have a definite advantage in thick overhead cover.
Short roots mean less future grass production.
Short rotations reduce fertilizer use.
Short rotations reduce take-all see Cropping history.
Short rows shape the wedge fit.
Short runs are a speciality.
Short runs are now more affordable and variant printing easier.
Short runs are our specialty.
Short runs are possible and cost effective with superior results.
Short runs mean less waste, and reduced storage costs.
Many short runs can better diagnose nonconvergence.
Many short runs can sometimes give a better answer.
A short sale is trading
Short sales are as frequent as long positions.
Short sales are trading.
Short sales present a special problem in connection with the wash sale rule.
All short sales are subject to our ability to borrow the stock.
Short samples follow.
Short samples work well with live-style production.
Short scenarios begin each chapter.
Short scenes follow in rapid sequence, from schoolboy memories to literary influences.
Short scenes produced on video in class demonstrate principles in practice.
Short screws are less likely to chafe internal halyards.
Most short scripts work right the first time, and debugging even the longer ones is straightforward.
Short seasons favor the use of silage and high moisture corn rather than grain.
Short sections are easier to organize and understand.
Short sections are on paths and harbour boardwalks.
Short sections are steep, have loose rocks or dirt and caution is required.
Short sections look easier to read and understand.
Some short sections are quit challenging.
Short sellers bet on that.
Short sellers borrow stock and sell it in anticipation of buying it back at a lower price.
Short sellers have the same incentive to spread disinformation as political dirty trick artists.
Short sellers lose when the price of the stock ascends rather than descends.
Short sellers profit when stocks fall.
Short sellers ride their backs as the bids on stocks keep dropping.
Every short seller anticipates a declining stock market.
Short sentences are a definite asset in writing.
Short sentences are almost always better.
Short sentences are also better.
Short sentences are an asset.
Short sentences are best.
Short sentences are easier to understand than long ones.
Short sentences are easier to understand than longer sentences with several clauses.
Short sentences are easier to understand.
Short sentences are great for showing sudden action or strong emotions.
Short sentences are helpful.
Short sentences are less likely to be misunderstood or misinterperted.
Short sentences are often better than long, windy ones.
Short sentences are often easier to control.
Short sentences are preferable to flowery phrases.
Short sentences are useful to make important points or conclusions.
Short sentences deliver impact.
Short sentences enhance drama.
Short sentences give the piece pace but too many short sentences make it stilted.
Short sentences help to create clear expression.
Short sentences make the reader move slowly.
Short sentences rule.
Short sentences sum up the particular features and an indication is given as to age suitability.
Short sentences work.
Short sequences are subject to larger statistical fluctua- tions than longer sequences.
Short sequences are subject to larger statistical fluctuations than longer sequences.
Short serves are most common at the pro level.
Short sessions are good for learning the basics, or for tackling a specific problem or question.
Short sessions are the best approach.
Short sessions assure greater stimulation and less fatigue.
Short shank allows mooring in more shallow water with less chain wrap-up and potential hull damage.
Short shirt sleeves, button front, and back shirt yoke.
Short shoots are visible as clusters of leaves and spines along the stem.
Short shoots fallen with clusters of leaves attached often indicate animal damage.
Short shorts are a no no and are in very bad taste.
Short shorts are shorts with an inseam less than two inches.
Short shorts are unacceptable in town.
Short shots are useless, no matter how great they are.
Short shots helps crate a rapid tempo, whereas shots held longer tend to slow down the rhythm.
Short showers use less water and also there is less use of energy to heat the water.
Short showers use less water than baths.
Short showers use on-third the water bathsdo.
A short shrift is rejection
Short shrift is another.
Short shrifts are rejection.
Short sidewalls deliver crisp handling.
Short sidewalls offer improved handling response, while softer rubber compounds improve grip.
Short sightseeing walk with guide.
Short skirt is gathered at waist and cinched with a black velvet belt.
Short skirts can work as well, especially when paired with knee-high boots.
Short skirts cup the bottom, and climb high up the thigh.
Short skirts have a tendency to make men polite.
Short skits provide an interesting diversion and usually leave an impression.
Short sleepers are generally efficient, ambitious, socially adept and content.
Short sleeve is sleeve
Short sleeve is sleeve.
Short sleeves are also available with no price change.
Short sleeves are best and no loose clothing.
Short sleeves are more casual than long sleeves.
Short sleeves come to the elbow.
Short sleeves create a more casual appearance.
Short sleeves create a more casual message.
Short sleeves have a slight cuff.
Short sleeves keep the shoulders warm while maintaining freedom of movement.
Short sleeves make it comfortable at the office or on the golf course.
Short sleeves make it comfortable to wear year-round.
Short slide shows profile careers from marketing to marine biology.
Short slopes can be as dangerous as long ones.
Every short slope becomes a place where the kids enjoy their sledges.
Short slurs follow the direction of the notes they connect.
Short snouts give a wedge-like appearance to face and head.
Short sounds are easier than long sounds because they require less control of breathing.
Short spans are very strong, and the openings are nice for art objects too.
Short spans are very strong, and the openings are nice for art objects, too.
Some short spikes offer protection.
Short spines radiate from numerous tubercles on the back.
Short splices consist of at least six full tucks, three on each side of the center line.
Short squeezes are a mixed blessing for long investors.
Short squeezes are more common for stocks with large short interest.
Short SRs provide access to residences.
Short SRs tend to be unpaved and lack most modern design features.
Short staircases connect the different levels.
Short stakes can cause eye injuries.
Short stature can also result from failure of growth hormone secretion from the pituitary.
Short stature can be difficult for a child and their family.
Short stature can be very disabling in patients with dwarfism, for example.
Short stature increases the likelihood of a constitutional cause of genu varus.
Short stature is a common area of concern for the public in regard to air bag deployment.
Short stature is a common result of myelodysplasia.
Short stature is the one quality all people with dwarfism have in common.
Short stature is treated by the injection of synthetically produced growth hormone.
Short stature is very common.
Short stays are available at streamside property.
Short stays are possible.
Short stays are usually for rehabilitation or as a transition from the hospital to the home.
Short stern is good for backenders.
Short stocks cause pain.
Short stops offer many photo opportunities.
Short stories are a good training ground and an easier market to break into.
Short stories are a lovely little explosion of a moment.
Short stories are a pleasure to read and an even greater pleasure to create.
Short stories are a pleasure to read-and an even greater pleasure to create.
Short stories are all the more challenging due to their restrictions on word count and space.
Short stories are also available as are used print books.
Short stories are arguably one of the toughest writing forms to sell.
Short stories are hard enough.
Short stories are in bold .
Short stories are in bullet lists under the book in which they occur.
Short stories are interwoven with environmental concepts .
Short stories are like a kick in the teeth in the dark from a stranger.
Short stories are now available from vending machines in British subways.
Short stories are snap shots, single frames, complete in themselves.
Short stories are snapshots, single frames, complete in themselves.
Short stories are so ephemeral.
Short stories are sometimes more ideas-based.
Short stories are stories.
Short stories are the best to adapt.
Short stories bear an S on the spine, or side, of the book.
Short stories contain all the major elements of good writing.
Short stories continue the development of reading skills.
Short stories describe concepts.
Short stories describe key concepts.
Short stories didn t always have such a small audience.
Short stories make a great start.
Short stories pay one copy per page, up to five copies.
Short stories read and discussed.
Short stories receive the most thorough analysis, with some attention given to poetry and reportage.
Short stories show development.
Short stories take less time to write anything between two weeks and two months.
Short stories tend to be about a revelation.
Short stories use a different set of writing muscles than novels.
Short story is first.
All short stories are available only in Portuguese.
Many short stories create the whole.
Most short stories describe concepts.
Most short stories describe key concepts.
Most short stories show development.
Short straw gets to visit the ugly princess.
Short straw sits in back.
Short streaks are more common, but longer streaks make up much of the market record.
Short strips are actually easier to work with sometimes.
Short strokes mean short pulls.
Short stubbies come standard, but longer antennas are available.
Short stubble is all that is required.
A short subject is a film
Short subjects can be great writing samples.
Short submissions are more likely to be used.
Short submissions are preferred.
Short submissions welcome.
Short subroutines are vital for clarity.
Short summaries are also available.
Short summaries describing particular studies are available in English or Spanish .
Short summer breaks details .
Short surveys can help fine-tune the process.
Short surveys receive more responses.
Short swords are also less tiring when used in conjunction with a shield.
Short synopses are free, full stories are available with a subscription - some are free.
Short tails have tips.
Most short tails have tips.
Some short tails have glands.
Some short tails have scent glands.
Short taxi ride to church.
Short tear intrudes into image, few scattered abrasions, all professionally restored.
A short temper is anger
Short tempers are counterproductive when working with young horses.
Short tendons make joint movement difficult.
Short term accounts.
Short term Add a way to filter out certain categories of players from the Who View window.
Short term are generally more concrete and specific.
Short term are the Olympics and training day by day.
Short term breaks for the children and their families.
Short term can lead to long term.
Short term costs verses long term costs.
Short term decreases in voltage levels.
Short term is any asset held less than seven years.
Short term is defined as less than one year and long term is defined as more than a year.
Short term is defined as rental by the hour of the day.
Short term is probability and long term periods are indicated by market sentiment.
Short term is shot.
Short term is sporadic.
Short term is usually for up to eighteen months, with six month reviews.
Short term leases avail.
Short term leases available and large pets welcome.
Short term leases or corporate-furnished housing is also available.
Short term leases possible although it is a private condo Big balcony and pastel colour decor.
Short term leases.
Short term means the stock was held for less than a year.
Short term means three months.
Short term metered parking is available next to passenger pick-up area.
Short term stay and visitors from abroad welcome.
Short term stays welcome.
Short term trades excellent return investment.
Short term trends lasting weeks or months.
Short terms add to the pressure on everyone to compete and succeed, both socially and academically.
Short terms can be from a few months to three years, as compared to a lifetime commitment.
Short terms look extreme, probably because they are extreme.
Short tests are easy to make and administer.
Short tests are less threatening than full-length exams.
Short tests encourage students to review the material from the previous class.
Short tests help students focus on the class and on communicating in English.
Short text Displays the description of the item or service being requested.
Short text Displays the description of the material being requisitioned.
Short text Displays the description of the material in the contract.
Short text Enter descriptive information about the radioisotopes to be ordered.
Short text Enter the name of the account to be created.
Short text repeats a few difficult words often so the reader can become familiar with the words.
Short texts explain the activities.
Short thunderstorms are very common all year round.
Short time lag between when surveys are conducted and release date.
Short tips make easy writing.
Short titles are much better than using op.
Short titles are to be provided.
Short titles work well Try to keep the titles short, for example, as two to seven word phrases.
Short toes is a recessive lethal mutation involving the kidneys, the Mullerian ducts and the limbs.
Short toes make it very difficult to form a pointed ball of the foot.
Short tops mean short roots, and short roots mean less future leaf production for grazing.
Short tops tend to have sparse root systems with diminished food reserves.
Short topics written in short paragraphs using simple language are ideal.
Short tours submit at the end of duty.
Short track is a sort of first cousin to speedskating.
Short tracks are always unpredictable.
Short tracks are the rule here, but they are realistically portrayed.
Short trail leads to a phallic stone thought to enhance fertility.
Short trails begin at each overlook, leading down across a wash and into the hills.
Short trails lead around the park.
Short trails lead off the boardwalk to wildlife habitats and fishing beaches.
Short trails lead to observation sites.
Short trains allow users to cross the tracks more frequently.
Short trajectories mean lower wind speeds near the receptor.
Short transactions are atomic, consistent, independent and durable.
Short travel is possible.
Short trees mean no ladders, so even the smallest child can pluck an apple right off the branch.
Short trip involves Gemini.
Short trip involves relative who needs help in locating missing legal papers.
Short trip involves relative, legal document.
Short trip involves relative.
Short trips are best and haggling is essential.
Short trips can cost less than long trips, but a trip to Disneyland nearby can be very expensive.
Short trips cause car engines to repeatedly warm and cool off.
Short trips offer sightseeing in Maine or skiing in the mountains of New Hampshire and Vermont.
Short trumpet blanks by design offer more control over pitch and have less resistance.
Short tubes are prepared and soldered together.
Some short tubes carry urine.
Short tutorial shows the problem , an example, and two workarounds. .
Short tutorial shows the problem , an example, and two workarounds.
Short tutorials are available on the first two topics.
Short tutorials discuss a wide variety of topics.
Short tutorials follow most sections.
Short unit courses.
Short units give a sense of progress and cover a wide range of stimulating topics.
Short vents blow better than long ones.
Short version is free.
Short version is here .
Short video features on the making of a movie.
Short videos show how the lessons work in a real middle school classroom.
Most short videos look better when autolooped.
Short vignettes cover issues of responsibility, relationships, social pressures, and assumptions.
Short villi extend into the lumen of the colon, unlike what is seen in mammals.
Short visits are OK, but visiting diminishes the effectiveness of user service.
Short vocabulary quizzes, daily quizzes, pop quizzes, etc.
Short vowel sounds with one-syllable words.
All short vowel sounds.
Short waiters allow a certain conspiratorial mood to evolve between themselves and the diners.
Short walks are also helpful.
Short walks are also permissible.
Short walks are also possible in the park.
Short walks are available at most roadends.
Short walks are beneficial, however, because everyone needs a change of scenery from time to time.
Short walks are usually at a reasonably leisurely pace.
Short walks can bring relief.
Short walks lead directly to large front porches with furniture.
Short walks lead to hidden lakes and glaciers and breathtaking Alaskan valleys.
Short walks lead to subalpine meadows.
Many short walks are possible as well.
Short walls butt against the double coursed wall along the east and south sides of the village.
Short walls followed by snowy slopes or ridges come and go.
Short wars are also good.
A short wave is a radio emission
Short wave infrared is color sensitive.
Short wave infrared is recognized as white light .
Short waves are baroclinic and therefore modify.
Short waves are radio waves.
Short waves can do constructive or destructive interferences with long waves.
Short waves penetrate the skin and warms the fat.
Short waves tend to transfer more energy per second than long waves.
Short wavelengths are somewhat problematic because of a lack of good spectral lines.
Short wavelengths are to the left.
Short wavelengths have high energies and long wavelengths have lower energies.
Short wavelengths have high energies while long wavelengths have lower energies.
Short wavelengths have more energy per photon than long wavelengths.
Short wavelengths have the most energy.
Short wavelengths increase sensitivity to ultrathin films.
Short wavelengths penetrate slightly deeper into the mesh reflectors.
Short weapons have the advantage when combatants are close together.
Short whiskers adorn the short, boxy snout.
Short wigs are also very easy to care for.
Short windows help pre-echo problems with transients.
Short wings are all tip.
Short wings are good for maneuverability and rapid takeoffs for the birds that live in the woods.
Short wings are tightly stuck to body.
Short wings has to be very tightly closed.
Some short wings cover abdomens.
Many short women explain that they wear heels to give themselves a little boost in height.
Short woodland walk.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Short words are close to our hearts and easily understood.
Short words are perfectly acceptable in English.
Short words are sharp, clear and to the point.
Short words are soakin'.
Short words are, on average, easier to recall than long words.
Short workshops are available on site for members food production workers and service staff.
Short years occur when the calendar year is shorter than the solar year .
A short is a tract
Shorts are a no-no.
Shorts are a popular garment to wear during warmer weather.
Shorts are acceptable and encouraged during the warmer months.
Shorts are acceptable attire almost everywhere during the day.
Shorts are acceptable for tennis or jogging.
Shorts are acceptable.
Shorts are all that is required for formal dress.
Shorts are also useful on sunnier days.
Shorts are always a great choice as are light pants and shirts.
Shorts are appropriate for all the optional tours.
Shorts are available during the summer months only.
Shorts are available in khaki, navy, green, gray, and black.
Shorts are available in most sizes, and come in a number of colors and accents.
Shorts are best for fishing the surf.
Shorts are best for warm weather or leggings for females.
Shorts are different than longs.
Shorts are easy to make and sew up quickly.
Shorts are essential to hard work, to hiking and to camping.
Shorts are fine along roadcuts, but wear long pants when mapping to avoid cuts by brush.
Shorts are fine at camp in the evening.
Shorts are fine for breakfast and lunch in the dining room.
Shorts are fine if weather permits.
Shorts are fine to substitute for one pair of pants.
Shorts are fine when the weather permits.
Shorts are fine.
Shorts are good things to eat.
Shorts are good.
Shorts are gray to match the shirt above.
Shorts are hard to trace down and requires a volt meter and a knowlege of electronics.
Shorts are in vogue.
Shorts are inappropriate for both men and women.
Shorts are inappropriate for women, as are short skirts, tank tops and revealing, low-cut shirts.
Shorts are more revealing.
Shorts are no longer short anymore.
Shorts are OK, but make sure sure they are almost knee-length.
Shorts are okay for men outside of Seoul and less okay in Seoul.
Shorts are okay.
Shorts are only for the beach.
Shorts are pants.
Shorts are permissible dress for school as long as they are sufficient length.
Shorts are permissible.
Shorts are preferable as there are many stream crossings.
Shorts are pretty sophisticated and short term.
Shorts are smalls.
Shorts are solid navy or red.
Shorts are taboo for men and women at temples and mosques.
Shorts are the film industry's hot commodity.
Shorts are the perfect cover up to any swimsuit.
Shorts are the same.
Shorts are to be knee length and no mid-riffs or tummies can be showing.
Shorts are to be knee-length.
Shorts are to be the standard boxer type of any color with an elastic waist.
Shorts are tracts.
Shorts are unacceptable business attire.
Shorts are usually best at expressing a good idea or story briefly.
Shorts are usually cotton and rise to about mid-thigh.
Shorts are worn either as outer garment or as underwear .
Shorts are worn either as outer garment or as underwear.
Shorts back has an adorable chickie face sure to get smiles from all around.
Shorts blame the share shortage on a couple of factors.
Shorts borrow stock and then sell it, hoping to buy it back in the future at a lower price.
Shorts can also have some effect.
Shorts can be no shorter than six inches above the knee.
Shorts can multiply in much the way that credit expands.
Shorts can sometimes develop to cause a circuit to bypass the breaker or fuse.
Shorts Click on the image for a bigger picture.
Shorts come with large front pockets.
Shorts dont include the person who wrote the story.
Shorts feature an elastic waistband with a drawstring.
Shorts feature double-pleat front leg cuffs and elastic back waist.
Shorts feel good during late mornings and in the afternoon.
Shorts Has front fly zipper with side pockets, elastic on sides for a flattering fit.
Shorts have an elastic waist and peekaboo front.
Shorts have an elastic waist.
Shorts have elastic waist and two side pockets.
Shorts have elastic waist.
Shorts have elastic waistband.
Shorts have front zipper closure and unique side slits with zippers.
Shorts have to be smart to survive much less to thrive.
Shorts is first year substance-free.
Shorts is soon to be announced.
Shorts made with cuffs are acceptable.
Shorts match with flattering tops or quite invisible tops.
Shorts now smell blood and enter initial positions.
Shorts reaches for a rebound.
Shorts seem to be acceptable only for the times when women take part in sporting events.
Shorts seem to dry okay after a long afternoon in the sun.
Shorts Wear synthetic shorts that dry quickly and can double as swimming trunks.
Shorts work fine.
Shorts worn by student can be no shorter than fingertip length.
All shorts are ints, by definition.
All shorts are to be worn of modest length.
Any shorts are appropriate as long as they can last the whole season.
Every short requires a long.
More shorts are on the way, too.
Most shorts occur where the end is crimped onto the cable.
A shortage is a deficiency
Shortage can be a seasonal problem - seek local information.
Shortage gets more and more aggravated over time.
Shortage is a relative term.
Shortage isa amount.
Shortage means that at a given moment, demand for power exceeds the supply of power.
Shortage puts PC makers and consumers on hold.
Shortage reports for selected or all parts.
Shortages abound in some occupations.
Shortages affect the entire range of medical specialties.
Shortages already affect more than one billion people.
Shortages already exist in neurology and gastroenterology.
Shortages also become possible.
Shortages also continue in bilingual and special education.
Shortages appear to be most severe for firms seeking high-skill workers.
Shortages are already a fact in many areas.
Shortages are already a fact of life in certain subject areas.
Shortages are already evident in the province in some geographic areas and specific subject areas .
Shortages are back again.
Shortages are caused by lack.
Shortages are especially acute in some poor rural areas and big cities.
Shortages are especially critical in the areas of math, science and special education.
Shortages are events.
Shortages are everywhere.
Shortages are greatest among districts in the South and West and in inner cities.
Shortages are on the way.
Shortages are particularly acute in certain subject areas.
Shortages are regional, but intense.
Shortages are the main feature of the strip mill sector and have developed for several reasons.
Shortages are, by definition, always temporary.
Shortages become problems.
Shortages become serious problems.
Shortages begin to develop for receiving equipment.
Shortages can lead to conflicts, the report says.
Shortages can lead to nerve damage in the hands and feet.
Shortages can occur for any number of reasons.
Shortages can put a brake on development.
Shortages cause lack.
Shortages come in cycles.
Shortages drive up chip prices for hot processors.
Shortages encourage hoarding goods, and hoarding exacerbates the shortages.
Shortages exist in every high-tech niche, and professionals with all skills are being sought.
Shortages happen because of unexpected high class enrollment and course demand.
Shortages have adverse effects.
Shortages have effects.
Shortages lead to higher prices and sometimes help farmers recoup some of their losses.
Shortages occur in some areas.
Shortages persist in housing, education, and health care.
Shortages pose problems.
Shortages pose serious problems.
Shortages relate directly to the poor climate for leadership.
Shortages require long term management.
Shortages seem to be due mostly from the difficulties of transporting goods during war-time.
Shortages soon develop for other household staples and some canned goods, as well.
Shortages usually cause rising prices and rising profits.
Any shortage affects the whole region.
Any shortage causes the body to produce excess stomach acid to compensate.
Any shortages are more in refined products such as heating oil than in crude oil.
Most shortages are caused by lack.
Most shortages are preventable.
Most shortages become problems.
Most shortages become serious problems.
Most shortages cause lack.
Most shortages have adverse effects.
Most shortages have effects.
Most shortages pose problems.
Most shortages pose serious problems.
Some shortages cause damage.
Some shortages cause severe damage.
Some shortages cause starvation.
A shortbread is a biscuit
Shortbread brings to mind children.
Shortbread improves with age and can be stored for up to two weeks before serving.
Shortbread isa cake.
Shortbread make great gifts.
Shortbread remains rather nice with a cup of tea.
Shortbreads are biscuits.
Shortbreads are bread.
Shortbreads are food.
A shortcake is a biscuit
Shortcake is a medium sized girl, with long neck and legs, but an overall balanced look.
Shortcakes are best when served shortly after they are baked.
A shortcoming is disadvantage
Shortcomings are few.
Shortcomings exist in the type of information passed and the equipment employed.
Shortcomings there are in our work, but on the whole the movement is healthy.
Any shortcomings remain the responsibility of the author.
Some shortcomings are easy to remedy.
Shortcut keys are available to speed data entry.
Shortcut keys provide quick and easy access to certain navigation options via the keyboard.
A shortcut is a road
Shortcuts allow for rapid report making as well as drug and test filing.
Shortcuts allow students to quickly access information they want about occupations.
Shortcuts allow the student to use less keystrokes to perform actions on the keyboard.
Shortcuts are a long way round.
Shortcuts are acronyms that reduce typing and get the message out fast.
Shortcuts are aliases for the real thing.
Shortcuts are automatically updated to point to the correct version.
Shortcuts are available for some frequently-used commands.
Shortcuts are cool.
Shortcuts are distinguished constants that represent terms.
Shortcuts are great ways to make work quicker and easier.
Shortcuts are great.
Shortcuts are icons that give fast and direct access to an item.
Shortcuts are items that represent files or folders.
Shortcuts are just like roads, except they are overlaid on top of the three main component types.
Shortcuts are just road maps.
Shortcuts are just that, where there is a shorter way to do something, it is brought to the surface.
Shortcuts are keywords which jump directly to a website associated with it.
Shortcuts are located in desktops.
Shortcuts are never taken, details are always a concern.
Shortcuts are optional.
Shortcuts are plentiful to simplify the most complex operations.
Shortcuts are possible.
Shortcuts are probably the most handy things to have around.
Shortcuts are roads.
Shortcuts are safe to delete because they can easily be recreated.
Shortcuts Are subheadings shown in underlined white .
Shortcuts are very small files that only point to another program.
Shortcuts become a way of life.
Shortcuts can do much more than launch programs, eh.
Shortcuts can lead to a variety of injuries.
Shortcuts can make code much easier to type, and sometimes much harder to read.
Shortcuts can save the user's time and make accessing the Web site more enjoyable.
Shortcuts contain functional groups.
Shortcuts ease the chore of typing dates.
Shortcuts exist for all interface features.
Shortcuts guide the user through simple data entry screens.
Shortcuts lead to erosion and long-term damage.
Shortcuts lead to shortcomings and trouble for everyone.
Shortcuts make for long delays.
Shortcuts make for long sorrows.
Shortcuts make it easier to access a program or a file.
Shortcuts make programming in lambda-calculus remarkably more convenient.
Shortcuts now permit the insertion of constants which evaluate to a nickname, etc.
Shortcuts provides keyboard commands and tips.
Shortcuts spell danger.
Shortcuts tend to be the outstanding feature of such stocks.
Shortcuts work just as well as a wormhole in dialog boxes as they do in Explorer.
Shortcuts always have small arrows on their bottom left corners.
All shortcuts invariably turn out to be traps.
Any shortcut bears the potential of 'moving too fast' for one's own sake.
Any shortcut placed in that folder becomes a Send To destination.
Any shortcuts precipitate problems later.
Many shortcuts speed up common scripting operations.
Most shortcuts have a small arrow in the lower left corner of the icon.
Some shortcuts are readily obvious and can be seen from the main menu of the application.
Shortens are software.
Shortens cause shortens.
Shortened fenders help - the solo seat and painted frame add to the chopper look.
Shortened forms are neutral and used in relationships with friends.
Shortened positions improve difficult legato passages.
Shortened sequences can cause confusion and hesitation on the part of drivers.
Shortened telomeres appear to lead to cell senescence.
Shortened title is acceptable.
Shortened tours are available upon request.
A shortening is edible fat
Shortening are decrease.
Shortening are medical procedures.
Shortening is whipped to give loftiness to recipes.
Shortening makes an especially flaky dough.
Shortening produces a softer, thicker, chewier end product.
Shortening spreads less.
Shortenings are available from many sources.
Shortenings have mono- and diglycerides.
Shorter abstracts follow the title while others are attached by links.
Shorter ads cost less.
Shorter anaesthetic is an important consideration.
Shorter applications have a number of advantages.
Shorter articles are also acceptable.
Shorter articles are also available.
Shorter articles are always preferred over longer articles.
Shorter articles are available if needed.
Shorter articles are more likely to be printed.
Shorter articles are more likely to be read and have more impact, and are therefore encouraged.
Shorter articles are more likely to be read.
Shorter articles are preferred.
Shorter articles are sometimes preferable.
Shorter articles cover biographies of famous persons and historical events.
Shorter articles have abetter chance of getting published.
Shorter assignments allow students to apply course content to their personal situation.
Shorter assignments are available.
Shorter bars are better.
Shorter bars equals better performance.
Shorter bars equals faster performance .
Shorter bars equals faster performance.
Shorter bars indicate better performance.
Shorter bars indicate faster performance.
Shorter bars mean lower impacts.
Shorter bars represent faster performance.
Shorter bars represents better performance.
Shorter barrel allows for longer handle and more flex and bat speed.
Shorter bases tend to fail.
Shorter blades allow closer cutting to the stem of a plant.
Shorter boards are more agile, but less stable.
Shorter boards are preferred for freestyle and pipe riding.
Shorter bonds are available to match scale of the diamond and graphite models.
Shorter books vary.
Shorter bows shoot at high speeds, but tend to be less accurate than the slower long bows.
Shorter breaks mean better retention of knowledge and less reviews are needed.
Shorter breaths mean even less vulnerability to a strike.
Shorter bulb fits models where clearance is a problem.
Shorter calls mean reduced costs for local and long distance phone services.
Shorter canoes can have very wide beams in relation to their length.
Shorter chains move faster than longer ones.
Shorter chains produce less effect on the community.
Shorter chains tend to be more liquid.
Shorter changes result in incomplete clearing.
Shorter classes begin at various times throughout the semester.
Shorter classes have a faster pace.
Shorter climbers can make longer reaches if a foothold is placed high relative to the handhold.
Shorter clips can heighten video's usefulness by precisely underscoring a curriculum point.
Shorter clubs put less strain on the body at impact.
Shorter columns cost more per meter than longer columns.
Shorter communications discussing new developments or insights are also welcome.
Shorter commutes mean less traffic and less smog.
Shorter conferences are available for laity.
Shorter conferences are available.
Shorter connections eliminate the high speed performance penalties of conventional bond wires.
Shorter contracts require shorter amortization periods.
Shorter copy is more likely to be read.
Shorter courses are also available.
Shorter courses are available for postgraduates.
Shorter courses are available for the more experienced office trainee.
Some shorter courses are also available.
Shorter cultivars are available, but wild versions are preferable to butterflies.
Shorter cycles can also help level workload at the shipyards.
Shorter cycles require less water, thereby reducing the energy cost.
Shorter cycles use less hot water and can be used for lightly soiled dishes.
Shorter days means longer nights and observing without staying up as late.
Shorter days seem to affect a lot of folks.
Shorter descriptions are preferred to longer descriptions.
Shorter dictations are better.
Shorter distances are cheaper.
Shorter distances are less.
Shorter distances are possible by taking alternative routes.
Shorter distances provide easier playing and less string tension.
Shorter distances receive materials sooner.
Shorter documents cost less to copyedit, design, print, and distribute.
Shorter documents use less paper.
Shorter drapes are for dining.
Shorter drivers can adjust their driving position.
Shorter drivers can adjust their seating position.
Shorter drivers can keep their distance from the airbags.
Shorter durations are available.
Shorter employees benefit from a foot rest.
Shorter events require fewer servings than longer-distance events.
Shorter exposures give the same effect at higher field strengths.
Shorter exposures require special efforts.
Shorter fasts are safer, of course, but for many people it's wise to avoid even a three-day fast.
Shorter features come first below, with the more extensive reviews bringing up the rear.
Shorter features supplement the main content.
Shorter fibers decrease the overall quality of the paper.
Some shorter files come as a PDF only.
Shorter fragments move faster and farther.
Shorter grass exposes the soil to more heat and sun.
Shorter grass has a smaller, shallower root system.
Shorter grips ensure a perfect fit for small hands.
Shorter hair is easier to manage under a wig.
Shorter hair is sold, with the money going to costs associated with the program.
Shorter hair makes treatment easier.
Shorter haircuts tend to work best for thin hair.
Shorter headways translate into briefer waiting times in isolated areas such as platforms.
Shorter height fits great under or over pants.
Shorter hikes are also available close to the park on state forest lands.
Shorter hikes are possible by using the connector trails that are identified with white arrows.
Shorter hikes are possible using connector trails.
Shorter hitters beware of the lengthy bunker and water to the right.
Shorter hops are even more wasteful.
Shorter hoses have greater per-foot costs than longer ones, but are easier to drain and coil.
Shorter hospital stay.
Shorter hospital stays and minimal discomfort are among the advantages touted.
Shorter hospital stays.
Shorter hyphae grow down into the bread and resemble roots.
Shorter inflorescences stand upright, while longer ones droop towards the ground.
Shorter instructions are preferred.
Shorter instructions mean a faster processor.
Shorter internships are sometimes possible, depending on space availability.
Shorter intervals amount to significantly larger repayment amounts.
Shorter intervals can burden network resources.
Shorter intervals cause unnecessary network traffic and server load.
Shorter intervals lead to less variation.
Shorter items are also welcome - please check the ideal length with the editors.
Shorter itineraries leave out important islands full of interesting creatures.
Shorter jaws have fewer teeth.
Shorter lead is negative lead.
Shorter leaves require supervisory approval.
Shorter leases transfer a portion of the technology risk to the lessor.
Shorter legs lessen the fatigue factor.
Shorter lengths are also available at reduced prices.
Shorter lengths are available on special order.
Shorter lengths make for more racing at different tracks.
Shorter lengths result in better efficiency when shovelling.
Shorter lengths yield higher pitches where as longer lengths yield lower pitches.
Some shorter lengths are also available.
Shorter letters are more likely to get published.
Shorter letters are preferred.
Shorter letters dealing with issues have a better chance of timely publication.
Shorter letters have a better chance of being published.
Shorter letters pack more punch.
Shorter line makes for a more responsive kite and much better in light winds.
Shorter lines help readers keep their place.
Shorter lines reduce response time and make the kite move too fast for most inexperienced fliers.
Shorter loops are possible.
Shorter manuscripts are also welcome.
Shorter manuscripts are preferred.
Shorter manuscripts are welcome and encouraged.
Shorter manuscripts are welcome.
Shorter maturities provide flexibility to take advantage of rising rates, but usually lower returns.
Shorter meetings prevent participants from becoming bored or concerned about other commitments.
Shorter messages are better than longer ones.
Shorter messages are more likely to be read when they are opened.
Shorter messages get faster responses.
Shorter models can only do a fraction of the work available.
Shorter movies are below.
Shorter names are easier to remember and spell.
Shorter names are easier to type, and remember.
Shorter names are usually more memorable and less likely to be sources of confusion.
Shorter nerves extend to the mouth from the nerve rings.
Shorter ones are available.
Shorter ones are easier to listen to.
Shorter ones are much more realistic.
Shorter ones cause constant problems.
Shorter options are available each day.
Shorter options are available.
Shorter packages are available, as are excursions to go snowshoeing or dog sledding.
Shorter packages are available, as are excursions to go snowshoeing or dogsledding.
Shorter pages break the content up into easier bite-size pieces.
Shorter pages rank higher than longer pages for any given word.
Shorter papers are acceptable.
Shorter papers are appropriate for recent research initiatives.
Shorter papers are most welcome.
Shorter papers are usually better .
Shorter paragraphs are easier on the eye and more likely to get read.
Shorter paragraphs are easier to read or scan.
Shorter paragraphs have more impact and are more likely to be read by busy people.
Shorter paragraphs keep the interest of the reader.
Shorter paragraphs make the prose much more readable.
Shorter passwords are easier for computer programs to guess.
Shorter passwords are too easy to break through brute force computation.
Shorter paths take less memory to process.
Shorter people do sometimes have tall children and taller people do sometime have shorter children.
Shorter people have a higher risk than taller individuals.
Shorter periods are also acceptable.
Shorter periods are fine for studying notes and memorizing materials.
Shorter periods are permissible.
Shorter periods are preferable if the radiant was low or the action changed significantly.
Shorter periods are satisfactory if the firm is new.
Shorter periods are sometimes available.
Shorter periods can produce damage if the baby has had some other problems before.
Shorter periods suggest the manufacturer has used less effective sealing methods.
Shorter phrases are better.
Shorter pieces are also very welcome.
Shorter pieces are more likely to be printed, and, more importantly, likely to be read.
Shorter pieces are much preferred.
Shorter pieces are welcome.
Shorter pieces work better.
Shorter pins tend to fall out easily.
Shorter placement are also available on some courses.
Shorter plants have a less measurable variable.
Shorter plants work well in front and around the sides and edges where they can be enjoyed up close.
Shorter players have more difficulty against fast offenses.
Shorter players tend to prefer near post crosses, and taller players far post crosses.
Shorter poems are preferred.
Shorter presentations are also available.
Shorter presentations are available for staff meetings or after a dinner.
Shorter programs are available for Bhutan.
Shorter programs are available on some models.
Shorter programs can be custom designed as necessary.
Shorter programs explore ecological concepts.
Shorter programs have lower limits.
Shorter projects form the basis for undergraduate senior theses.
Shorter proposals follow the procedures and formats word for word.
Shorter pulses correspond to broader bandwidth frequency response.
Shorter pulses impact the organelles within the cell, including the nucleus itself.
Shorter quotations remain within the paragraph in which they appear.
Shorter quotes are easier to read.
Shorter rentals ARE available.
Shorter rides are rolling hills through quaint Kentucky River Towns.
Shorter rods are better for slope approximation than longer ones.
Shorter rods are easier to maneuver in tight quarters.
Shorter rods are easier to use in crowded streams and brushy shorelines.
Shorter rods mean more work for the angler and, therefore, the greater chance for a mistake.
Shorter rotations are less effective.
Shorter rotations lose more in mushroom value than the gain in wood fiber.
Shorter rotations result in a steady increase in soil-borne diseases.
Shorter routes are for the slower riders.
Shorter routes maximize the scenery while keeping the hills to a minimum.
Shorter rulers are convenient for keeping in a pocket.
Shorter runs are available.
Shorter runs are often close to urban centers and take only a few hours.
Shorter schedules encourage worker loyalty.
Shorter sconces are perfect for compact areas.
Shorter screws tend to jam in the feed tubes.
Shorter scripts are fine, indeed welcome.
Shorter scripts make it far easier to do a beat and parts of plot analysis.
Shorter sections are suitable for the less ambitious and for families.
Shorter sectors allow more time for fishing and casual paddling.
Shorter segments are also available.
Shorter segments ranging from eight days to several weeks are usually available.
Shorter seminars vary in topic and frequency from region to region.
Shorter sentences are more effective for many offenders.
Shorter sentences show clear thinking.
Shorter separation results in more antenna gain at the sacrifice of a lower feedpoint impeadance.
Shorter sessions allow for more tanning sessions per hour.
Shorter sessions are available for simple massage.
Shorter sessions give an overview of the topic and provide inspiration.
Shorter sessions mean quicker turn-around time, more sessions and increased profits.
Shorter ships can turn faster but have a lower speed.
Shorter shoes are good for recreational hiking.
Shorter signatures have a larger chance of leading to false reports of viruses.
Shorter sizes weigh less and store in even less space.
Shorter skis are easier to control.
Shorter skis make turning on any kind of snow easier because there is less ski to redirect.
Shorter skis offer greater control for beginners and a waxless base is hassle free.
Shorter skirts involve less labor than longer skirts.
Shorter sleeves go in the small cone.
Shorter songs call for original but stylistically similar additional sections.
Shorter spans are easier to handle.
Shorter spans lose more upward recirculation around the ends.
Shorter spits are used tor small birds, kid- neys, etc.
Shorter spokes throw off a larger field, but longer spokes throw it further.
Shorter stays are available at select locations.
Shorter stays are available at some of the complexes.
Shorter stays are available during the remainder of the year.
Shorter stays are available during the Spring and Fall months.
Shorter stays are available for elephant helpers.
Shorter stays are available in the off season.
Shorter stays are available.
Shorter stays are negotiable for off season dates.
Shorter stays are possible.
Shorter stays are sometimes possible.
Shorter stays carry a higher daily rate.
Shorter stays require a higher per-night rate.
Shorter sticks work well for younger children.
Shorter stories are fine.
Shorter stories are pro-rated according to length.
Shorter stories are welcome as well.
Shorter stories have a better chance of being accepted.
Shorter straw means a stronger stand and added lodging resistance.
Shorter strings have higher frequency and therefore higher pitch.
Shorter strips are generally cheaper and easier to come by.
Shorter stroke makes the radius of rotation smaller and counter balance becomes smaller.
Shorter submissions take precedence when space is limited.
Shorter supply means higher prices.
Shorter tentacles facilitate feeding, while the longer ones give stability for swimming.
Shorter term leases at slightly higher prices.
Shorter term means higher payment.
Shorter terms allow for faster equity buildup.
Shorter terms are available on second generation or sublease space.
Shorter Terms are available upon request, call or write for details.
Shorter terms are available.
Shorter terms discourage qualified attorneys from applying.
Shorter terms increase accountability to trust beneficiaries and the public at large.
Shorter terms mean higher payments.
Shorter tests can be more reliable than longer test.
Shorter tests entail a lower cost.
Shorter tests take less time from instruction and help hold students' focus and attention.
Shorter time gives more fish taste, longer time brings out marinade.
Shorter times are better.
Shorter times are desirable and are a measure of higher performance.
Shorter times are preferable, especially during nesting season.
Shorter times can overload the system and inconvenience other users.
Shorter tips are better suited to be delivered daily.
Shorter tours are also available.
Shorter tours are available.
Shorter tours begin the same day .
Shorter towers reduce performance and increase the payback time.
Shorter tracks are spectator-friendly.
Shorter tracks indicate particles which diffused out of the nm depth of focus.
Shorter trees are eastern redbud, flowering dogwood, American hornbeam, and eastern hop hornbeam.
Shorter trees grow in clumps in the second section of forest.
Shorter trips are also available.
Shorter trips are also possible.
Shorter trips are available throughout our season and during early or late seasons.
Shorter trips are available with departures arranged by jet boat and back country airplane.
Shorter trips are available.
Shorter trips are easier to schedule anyway.
Shorter trips are more casual.
Shorter trips are often suitable for walking.
Shorter trips cost less.
Shorter trips require more frequent changes.
Shorter trips take in the Gulf Islands and the many marine parks.
Shorter trips utilize a jet boat for the upper portion of the trip.
Shorter tubes add torque above the peak RPM point and reduce torque below.
Shorter tubes do the same job for the higher frequency speakers.
Shorter turnaround is available upon request at a slightly higher rate.
Shorter units are most attractive with double-hung sash.
Shorter vacations are the national trend.
Shorter vacations taken more frequently are better than long ones.
Shorter varieties are more likely to have reduced yields if populations are too low.
Shorter varieties have sturdy stalks and require no staking.
Shorter varieties tend to outyield taller varieties when irrigation is used.
Shorter vegetation does allow spores to spread faster.
Shorter versions are also available.
Shorter versions are available for house with limited wall space.
Shorter walks are also available.
Shorter wavelength means greater frequency for a wave.
Shorter wavelengths are also more susceptible to absorption by colored molecules in the sample.
Shorter wavelengths are on the left and longer on the right.
Shorter wavelengths contain more energy.
Shorter wavelengths have more energy.
Shorter wavelengths require only the initial collimation.
Shorter winters produce a higher forage specie winter survival ratio.
Shorter workouts exist for developmental swimmers.
Shorter workshops appear to be more successful.
Shorter workshops are tough.
Shorter workshops deal with the issues that are of most interest to participants.
Shorter workshops provide alternatives for students at all levels of artistic endeavor.
Shorter workshops tend to extend knowledge to the audience in an entertaining, incisive manner.
Shortest distance is computed between nodes each time each time parental nodes are assigned.
Shortest paths help solve geometric optimization problems in planar regions.
Shortest paths help solve geometric optimization problems on planar regios.
Shortest routes are indicated by straight lines between large open circles.
Shorthaired breeds are easy to buy for.
Shorthaired dogs can have their coats towel dried in a circular motion.
Shorthaired dogs can stay as warm as longhaired dogs.
Shorthaired dogs have the same ability to keep warm as longhaired dogs.
Shorthand has better support for suffixes and prefixes.
Shorthand is a hand
Shorthand is a valuable skill for taking notes in college or for use on the job.
Shorthand is fantastic.
Shorthand is handwriting.
Shorthand is necessary for some positions.
Shorthand is simply an online form of acronym or abbreviation.
Shorthand is where a word is written in a shorter way because it is quicker and easier to type.
Shorthand offers reasons and motivations for the algebraic way of writing.
Shorthand skills a plus.
Shorthanded Monsters make a point in Hartford . .
A shortlist is a list
Every shortlist brings howls of protest at unexpected omissions.
Shortlisted applicants have to go through selection tests and an interview.
All shortlisted candidates meet all of the advertised essential selection criteria.
A shortness of breath is a symptom
Shortness of breath are dyspnea.
Shortness of breath associated with heart failure is due to fluid backing up into the lungs.
Shortness of breath can also interfere with sleep and limit an individual's ability to exercise.
Shortness of breath can be due to many different causes.
Shortness of breath can be due to pleural effusion or massive mediastinal mass.
Shortness of breath can occur because of an altered heart rhythm.
Shortness of breath can occur because of heart muscle failure.
Shortness of breath can stem directly and indirectly from many sources.
Shortness of breath equals shortness of life.
Shortness of breath following a leg injury can mean a blood clot in the lung.
Shortness of breath follows, at first only with exercise.
Shortness of breath is a common complaint as the due date approaches.
Shortness of breath is a common symptom.
Shortness of breath is a major indication of problems.
Shortness of breath is a significant indicator of possible heart trouble.
Shortness of breath is a symptom also.
Shortness of breath is also common.
Shortness of breath is an ominous sign.
Shortness of breath is another common complaint of smoking students.
Shortness of breath is another.
Shortness of breath is common for people with lung cancer.
Shortness of breath is common in the later stages of pregnancy.
Shortness of breath is much like soil erosion.
Shortness of breath is often the symptom that most bothers people.
Shortness of breath is the first symptom.
Shortness of breath is the main symptom of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Shortness of breath is the major symptom of emphysema.
Shortness of breath is the major symptom of pulmonary emboli.
Shortness of breath is the most common first symptom.
Shortness of breath is the most common warning sign of heart failure.
Shortness of breath is the symptom that most commonly prompts a person to seek medical attention.
Shortness of breath is typically an early sign of asbestosis.
Shortness of breath is worse.
Shortness of breath occurs in diseases of the spinal cord.
Shortness of breath occurs in diseases that inflame the nerves that control the muscles.
Shortness of breath occurs occasionally, and can be severe in some patients.
Shortness isa length.
Shortnose gar are efficient, fierce, ambush predators.
Shortnose gar are more tolerant of high turbidity than other gar species.
Shorts Shorts are simply straight-line connections between contacts in a ladder logic network.
Shortsighted people have difficulty in seeing distant objects clearly.
Shortsighted people have trouble in seeing distant objects clearly.
Shortsighted people see close objects equally as well or often slightly worse.
Shortsightedness concerning the problems of high employment expenses contributes as well.
Shortsightedness is carelessness
Shortsightedness is the malaise of governments and business.
Shortsightedness occurs when the eyeball becomes too long or the lens becomes too thick.
A shortstop is an infielder
Shortstops are bigger.
Shortstops are infielders.
Shortstops are positions.
Shortstops manage the stunt of being hard-working and glamorous at the same time.
All shortstops are responsible for the same zones.
Shoshone groups are adamant that any additional radiation risk to their community is unacceptable.
Shot berries are more likely to occur when sprays are applied early in bloom or before bloom.
Shot noise consists of strong spikelike isolated values.
Shot noise is a very powerful technique to investigate correlations in electronic systems.
Shot noise is associated with the direct flow of current in diodes and bipolar devices.
Shot noise is caused by current flow flowing though any type of load or resistance.
Shot noise is shot noise.
Shot noise occurs along with the raw signal.
Shot sizes range from No.
Shot begins coming in, then resigns.
Shot blasters new and used and service, repair, and parts.
Shot blasting units are machines that look like commercial lawn mowers.
Shot can easily drag clear of wreck.
Shot can involve screams.
Shot continues down rest of rows of blank computer screens.
Shot continues to see Diamond Head at sunset.
Shot ends in medium close up.
Shot goes unhurriedly along row after row of computer screens, all dark.
Shot includes a truss bridge.
Shot is a mosque in Cairo, Egypt.
Shot is an actuation
Shot is attempts.
Shot is blows.
Shot is charge.
Shot is defined as a shot at goal, rather than shot on goal.
Shot is experts.
Shot is fire after button is released instead of on press.
Shot is given at the wrong stage of the cycle.
Shot is hardened by the addition of the element antimony to the lead.
Shot is injections.
Shot is located in dentists.
Shot is opportunity.
Shot is projectiles.
Shot is remarks.
Shot is sports equipment.
Shot is still a fairly decent release, but it seems somewhat uninspired.
Shot is the most expensive component of the shell.
Shot is the predicate.
Shot is treatments.
Shot isa chance.
Shot isa opportunity.
Shot isa treatment.
Shot needs refinement.
Shot peening is a cold working metal treatment process.
Shot Put Reading a book with a hard cover.
Shot put, hammer and discus rings are concrete.
Shot stay in Warsaw's old town by the night or by the week.
Shot suggests power or dominance.
Shot totally live with full coverage, just like a movie.
SHOT works to insure the highest quality of health care for students.
Shots already pack enough punch and skaters are plenty fast as it is.
Shots are a good idea for most adults and adolescents.
Shots are a popular selection for some drinkers.
Shots are a separate charge.
Shots are all up to date.
Shots are also a great hidden indicator of who plays on the power-play now, and potentially, later.
Shots are also in the bargain.
Shots are an investment in a teen's future.
Shots are at a reduced fee.
Shots are available for active employees and retired employees.
Shots are available for both students and staff.
Shots are available in the nurse's office at no charge.
Shots are available now while supplies last.
Shots are available.
Shots are complex dramtic constructions which can unfold through time, by editing, etc.
Shots are creative and taken from every angle.
Shots are crisp, off center hits still pack a punch.
Shots are current.
Shots are different camera views of the same scene.
Shots are everywhere, enjoyed by everyone.
Shots are everywhere.
Shots are faster.
Shots are free at public health centers.
Shots are free for students.
Shots are free or very low cost.
Shots are hard on little dogs.
Shots are inexpensive but the diseases they prevent can be very expensive.
Shots are long and lingering, with minimal activity within the frame and few camera movements.
Shots are most effective when given at the right ages.
Shots are one of the most important preventive services for children.
Shots are one way to do it, though margaritas make it lip-smacking.
Shots are painful, but only for a moment.
Shots are pretty straightforward.
Shots are shots.
Shots are slow and calculated.
Shots are the most expensive upgrade for a combat vehicle because they can make all the difference.
Shots are the part of well-baby checkups that every parent dreads.
Shots are the part of well-child checkups that every parent dreads.
Shots are the smallest visual units.
Shots are up to date at time of adoption.
Shots are up to date, wormed and weaned.
Shots are up to date.
Shots are uploaded to the computer clipboard where they automatically appear on the computer screen.
Shots are well positioned to create feelings of imbalance and add tension.
Shots are worth three points apiece.
Shots Be good.
Shots begin just barely falling in.
Shots begin or end on empty rooms.
Shots burst through air, red streaked across the moonless sky.
Shots can be close or far.
Shots can be more effective, if they are disguised.
Shots can be of the interior or exterior of the property, views from the property or the garden etc.
Shots can happen from the front stick and the reverse stick.
Shots can rebound off of the ceiling, wall, or other non-living objects.
Shots change periodically.
Shots Click a thumbnail to see the larger image.
Shots do hurt.
Shots follow the dialogue instead of anticipating it.
Shots get up with little effort and without ballooning.
Shots go off target to the right.
Shots go off to try and find the other crew members.
Shots guide themselves when locked on.
Shots have a life of their own.
Shots have more accuracy.
Shots immunize cats against lethal viruses and diseasaes.
Shots immunize cats against lethal viruses and diseases.
Shots involving optical fades and other transitions appear softer and display some noticeable grain.
Shots is freeware for personal use.
Shots look great by the way.
Shots protect children from diseases such as polio, measles and mumps.
Shots rang amid the terrified screams.
Shots rang out and a shoot-out erupted.
Shots rang out and glass was smashed as they took up positions inside and outside.
Shots rang out and history changed in an instant.
Shots rang out and shortly afterwards the police returned with the bodies of two Bedouin.
Shots rang out and the first casualties of our Civil War fell.
Shots rang out as Indian braves and troopers fired at each other.
Shots rang out as they took up positions inside and outside the residence.
Shots rang out before they reached the river.
Shots rang out every night in the villages.
Shots rang out everywhere.
Shots rang out from inside the adjacent compound.
Shots rang out throughout the night.
Shots rang out, and the residents became alarmed.
Shots rang out, first one, then three more.
Shots rang out.
Shots rang throughout the building.
Shots ring out and there are other assaults.
Shots ring out in a fast-moving altercation, and a black man lies dead on a city street.
Shots ring out in a parking lot.
Shots ring out in our schools, homes, neighborhoods, shops and malls.
Shots ring out in the early morning following the party.
Shots ring out through the compound.
Shots ring out, a man overboard, into the depths.
Shots ring out.
Shots show brief rear nudity and women in immodest outfits.
Shots start going in and the defense gets stingier.
Shots suddenly ring out and soldiers dive behind rubble.
Shots take place on campus, in the work place and in bars and backyards.
Shots taken from the side have a tendency to bounce to the opposite side.
Shots tell the director what the camera is pointed at.
Shots tend to be close, so a shotgun can be used as well as the more popular rifle.
Shots tend to be static and the dialog is slow and drawn out.
All shots are brought up to date on a rescue dog and a medical and temperament evaluation is done.
All shots are current.
All shots are for sale.
All shots are free for children.
All shots are in color.
All shots are lit for jackpots.
All shots are of the sun's lower limb.
All shots are scenes from actual videos.
All shots are three-quarter size.
All shots are unique, recently produced, professionally drum scanned and royalty free.
All shots are up to date and current Coggins negative.
All shots are up to date and shipping is available at buyers expense.
All shots are up to date and they are wormed.
All shots are up to date and wormed.
All shots are up to date.
All shots are up todate.
All shots are updated and teeth have been cleaned.
All shots fall into three main categories defined by their actions.
All shots have a women's face, tits, ass, or pussy with a dick on it, or cum on it, or both.
All shots have their place under certain conditions.
All shots have to carry to the greens because bump and runs wont work, making play very difficult.
All shots miss at extreme range.
All shots req.
All shots taken within a single building are at close-range regardless of measured range.
Any shot breaking the line automatically gets the higher score.
Every shot becomes a tough shot.
Every shot follows the same basic rhythm.
Every shot goes in, every pass is crisp and every bounce goes their way.
Every shot has a purpose.
Every shot has the same swinging motion and rhythm.
Every shot has to count.
Every shot hit on a tennis court has one of two purposes.
Every shot is a jiggle shot.
Every shot is a pressure shot.
Every shot is a treasure.
Every shot is a work of art.
Every shot is as important as any other, since all points count toward the final score.
Every shot is beautiful, taken from the perfect angle in perfect colors and light.
Every shot is carefully prepared and the lighting is exquisite.
Every shot is great when a child is just starting.
Every shot is great.
Every shot is like a heartbeat - necessary and important.
Every shot is more concerned with the details and Hanks than the picture itself.
Every shot is necessary, and done for a reason.
Every shot is original.
Every shot is posed like a seaside postcard.
Every shot is vital, every play is a big play, and each team has a chance to win.
Every shot is well composed and the whole feel of the piece is beautiful.
Every shot is well thought and every scene is smartly handled.
Every shot is within control.
Every shot looks good.
Every shot makes somebody happy.
Every shot requires attention to detail, confidence, and situational awareness.
Every shot requires practice and adjustments.
Every shot seems carefully planned.
Every shot seems paced just right.
Many shots are close-up, emphasizing the beauty and form of the flowers.
Many shots are unintelligbly grainy, and the sound has more static than most blown speakers.
More shots are always good.
More shots are likely to land safely as outfielders concede singles to contend with caroms.
More shots equal more paychecks.
More shots follow and finally the figure falls to the floor.
More shots just make more holes, a big mess, and wasted meat.
Most shots are at an angle so the arrow shows the direction the photo was taken.
Most shots are fully frontal.
Most shots are in time lapse with one sensational sunset in real time.
Most shots have little density, making the dominant even more obvious.
Some shot comes with a dull finish already, which is fine.
Some shot helps adults.
Some shot shows scenes.
Some shots appear a little soft, but it's never really bothersome.
Some shots appear a little soft, but they usually include some form of optical transitions.
Some shots appear softer than others, but the movie never looks fuzzy.
Some shots are a bit dark and lack fine details, but nothing comes across as muddy.
Some shots are far too dark, and make entire scenes murky and hard to follow.
Some shots are good, some are great and some are lucky.
Some shots are live.
Some shots are nothing short of spectacular.
Some shots are out in the middle of nowhere.
Some shots are so amazing, it is as if they have a life of their own, because they explain so much.
Some shots are too good to overlook.
Some shots clearly show a metallic, disc-shaped object hovering in the sky.
Some shots have a wry flavor that's carefully double-edged.
Some shots intend to spark outrage.
Some shots just have too much motion and the blocks start coming out.
Some shots make the sets look fake, and a few shots look staged.
Some shots take an age to come to rest, while other balls struggle to run up against the cloth.
Some shots vary in grain and contrast but, on the whole, it is a spectacular video transfer.
Shotgun action is now quite common.
Shotgun ammunition is designated in gauge.
Shotgun approach bags the fruit fly genome.
Shotgun class is hard on the targets.
Shotgun enthusiasts have several opportunities to keep their shooting skills sharp.
Shotgun gauge is a measurement of the bore size.
Shotgun houses are common on the sloping ground nearest to downtown.
Shotgun houses are icons of southern black architecture, with roots in Africa, via the Caribbean.
All shotgun hunters intend to pattern their gun someday, but someday never comes.
Shotgun microphones are very long mikes that pick up from the area the mike is pointed.
Shotgun performance is measured by the pattern of the shot fired by the gun.
Shotgun physics are terrible.
A shotgun shell is a shell
Shotgun shells are available at the clubhouse.
Shotgun shells are available.
Shotgun shooters can expect nothing but quality services.
Shotgun shooting is an enjoyable family experience.
Shotgun slings have loops on each end to fit over barrel and stock.
Shotgun slugs have a range of more than half a mile.
Shotgun soils are of small extent.
Shotgun soils are on basalt plains with concave and convex surfaces.
Shotgun soils lack extremely hard consistency when dry and sandy textures in the profile.
Shotgun stages are all about speed, and the vent rib edges out the other options.
Shotgun starts are also available.
Shotgun technology bonds the data streams of two analog modems.
Shotgun technology utilizes bandwidth on demand.
Shotgun tournaments are available on weekdays only.
Shotgun tournaments are available weekdays only.
Shotgun wedding is case of wife or death.
Shotgun weddings have an extra charge.
A shotgun is a firearm
Shotgun starts allow large groups to play and finish at the same time.
Shotguns are a big mess.
Shotguns are also much more powerful and far deadlier than even the biggest and baddest handgun.
Shotguns are at the ready.
Shotguns are available for rent at the range.
Shotguns are difficult.
Shotguns are effective lethal countermeasures.
Shotguns are firearms.
Shotguns are good for the latter method.
Shotguns are guns.
Shotguns are important too.
Shotguns are located in roadblock.
Shotguns are normally civilian weapons used primarily for hunting.
Shotguns are probably the best home defense tool.
Shotguns are recommended for shooting.
Shotguns are substantially safer for deer hunting in developed areas.
Shotguns are usually only one room wide, with each room leading directly into the next.
Shotguns are weapons.
Shotguns are weird.
Shotguns can also shoot a single lead projectile known as a slug.
Shotguns can be useful if used at close range and point blank.
Shotguns come in a number of different styles and actions.
Shotguns compensate for the lack of range with inclreased versatility.
Shotguns cost nine times as much as pistols.
Shotguns have a smooth barrel and fire cartridges containing multiple metal pellets or slugs.
Shotguns have low muzzle velocities, low chamber pressures and short range.
Shotguns have no ballistics.
Shotguns have no recoil.
Shotguns range in weight from about five pounds to eight pounds.
Shotguns using regular ammunition or shellcrackers are effective.
Shotguns work too.
Some shotguns are available on a first come first basis.
Some shotguns are available on a first come first served basis.
Shotokan classes are open to anyone, and NO ONE is too old, too fat, too thin, etc.
Shotokan karate is one of the largest and best known of the karate styles in the martial arts.
Shotokan karate is one of the most popular martial arts practiced today.
Shotokan karate is the most popular form of martial arts performed today.
Shotokan karate stresses mental and physical development.
Shoujo animes are animes which originally aim towards girls or gals as target audience.
Shoulder belt fits over the shoulder and across the chest.
Shoulder belts are impractical in most buses, and lap belts can cause abdominal injuries.
Shoulder belts are now available for center passengers.
Some shoulder belts work like window shades.
A shoulder blade is a bone
Shoulder blades are bones.
Shoulder blades are flat and approximately equal in length to the upper arms.
Shoulder blades are long, flat, fairly close set at the withers and well laid back.
Shoulder blades are part of endoskeletons.
Most shoulder blades are part of endoskeletons.
A shoulder board is adornment
Shoulder boards are also worn on bridge coats and reefers.
Shoulder bolts hold the pushrod in place.
Shoulder bones are part of endoskeletons.
Most shoulder bones are part of endoskeletons.
Shoulder buttons throttle up and down and tilt the plane.
Shoulder dislocations are among the most common conditions of the shoulder.
Shoulder dislocations are very common ailments.
Shoulder dislocations can occur if the cyclist's arm is raised during a forward fall.
Most shoulder dislocations are due to a traumatic injury, such as a fall.
Shoulder harness is mandatory.
Shoulder harness is optional.
Shoulder harness is standard.
Shoulder impingement is a dynamic process.
Shoulder impingement is caused by repetitive use of the arm in an overhead position.
Shoulder impingement sinks a lot of serious adult swimmers.
Shoulder injuries are no joke when it comes to baseball.
Shoulder injuries can often be more complicated than they originally seem.
Shoulder injuries occur with tumbling falls, causing either dislocations or rotator cuff tears .
Shoulder injuries tend to take a long time to heal - sometimes up to six to nine months.
Most shoulder injuries occur due to overuse.
A shoulder joint is a diarthrosis
Shoulder joint remains stationary at all times.
Shoulder joints are part of bodies.
Most shoulder joints are part of bodies.
A shoulder pad is a clothing
Shoulder pads add definition and shape.
Shoulder pads are back.
Shoulder pads are essential and get one with a tough covered zipper.
Shoulder pads are out.
Shoulder pads are sports equipment.
Shoulder pads have a special pad for extra comfort.
Shoulder pads lend that commanding air to any aspiring starlet.
Shoulder pads remain inside the locker room.
Many shoulder pads offer extra protection for the lower back.
Some shoulder pads cause irritation.
Shoulder pain can also flare up due to the 'one- sidedness' of some sports.
Shoulder pain can also lead to parasitic strokes.
Shoulder pain can be'referred from a nerve pinched in the neck.
Shoulder pain can originate from the cervical spine, internal organs or the shoulder area itself.
Shoulder pain is nothing to shrug at.
Shoulder pain is preventable.
Most shoulder pain occurs when soft tissues in the shoulder are injured or over-used.
Shoulder problems show themselves in a variety of ways.
Most shoulder problems are attributable to overuse and trauma.
Most shoulder problems involve muscles, ligaments and tendons rather than the bones.
Most shoulder problems involve soft tissue muscles, ligaments and tendons rather than bones.
Some shoulder problems result from the disruption of soft tissues like the tendons and ligaments.
Shoulder replacement is an excellent choice for relief of severe arthritis pain.
Shoulder replacement is indicated for some painful shoulders for arthritis.
Shoulder replacement is major surgery and is usually done by an orthopedic surgeon.
Shoulder rolls are also effective remedies for muscles strained by incorrect posture.
Shoulder separation has Akers out three months.
Shoulder separation is common with falls on the shoulder.
Shoulder separations are the result of a disruption of the acromioclavicular joint.
Shoulder separations are very common in sports like football and hockey.
Shoulder shrugs are also advisable.
Shoulder shrugs are also important.
Shoulder stand is done with the help of the chair.
A shoulder strap is a band
Shoulder strap handle.
Shoulder strap has slide buckle for adjustment plus a hook and loop closure through two d-rings.
Shoulder strap is also detachable.
Shoulder strap is ambidextrous and concealable.
Shoulder strap is detachable to allow personal preference.
Shoulder strap is detachable, with riveted carrying handle.
Shoulder strap is heavy duty canvas with leather.
Shoulder strap is included with the bag.
Shoulder strap is included.
Shoulder strap is removable for added convenience.
Shoulder strap is standard.
Shoulder strap makes it look smart and easy to carry.
Shoulder straps adjust on stays, load lifter straps are tied to stays and move with back panel.
Shoulder straps are adjustable.
Shoulder straps are also standard.
Shoulder straps are comfy and easily adjustable.
Shoulder straps are optional.
Shoulder straps are to be fastened over the shoulders including overall straps.
Shoulder straps are uncomfortable across their necks and lap belts ride up their bellies.
Shoulder straps convert into a handgrip.
Shoulder straps extend over shoulders.
Shoulder straps have comfortable plastic 'pads'.
Shoulder straps have the trim around the edges also.
Shoulder straps have to be a minimum of l inch wide.
Shoulder straps have two size settings.
Most shoulder straps are adjustable.
Most shoulder straps extend over shoulders.
A shoulder is a body part
Shoulder attend Germany across TV within a skiing whether sent into an presence.
Shoulder blades broad and lying close to chest wall.
Shoulder blades flat.
Shoulder blades long and sloping well back, fairly close together at the top.
Shoulder blades long and well laid back along the rib cage.
Shoulder blades long and well laid back with upper tips fairly close together at withers.
Shoulder blades- long and well laid back with upper tips fairly close together at withers.
Shoulder blades swivel back and forth, acting like extensions of the legs.
Shoulder blades too short.
Shoulder blades wide and sloping.
Shoulder build-up under guardrails cause drainage problems statewide.
Shoulder closes with velcro.
Shoulder complain along several description or blown multiplayer gaming.
Shoulder enter despite any flight indeed cry Swimming pool decks.
Shoulder is good length and slope.
Shoulder is well inclined and very strongly muscled.
Shoulder isa body part.
Shoulder raises front and side.
Shoulder rises off lots kayak helmet.
Shoulder rolls forward and back.
Shoulder rolls forward and backward are helpful if they are done gently and slowly.
Shoulder rolls forward and backward.
Shoulder sit below the co-branded stores.
Shoulder start in little quotes how proverbce black romance magazine.
Shoulder stays over the hips.
Shoulder work only.
Shoulders ache, wrists get sore.
Shoulders appear level, without evidence of regional swelling or erythema.
Shoulders appear lower than the hindquarters.
Shoulders appear, followed by midriffs and thighs.
Shoulders are a little less generous here, but always present, and traffic remains fairly light.
Shoulders are a modified drop shape.
Shoulders are also in danger during a pitch.
Shoulders are another culprit.
Shoulders are back, but relaxed.
Shoulders are body parts.
Shoulders are broad, bust is large, legs are slender.
Shoulders are broad, of medium length, slanted, well bound and muscular.
Shoulders are clean and narrow.
Shoulders are clean with little muscles.
Shoulders are cuts.
Shoulders are desirable on any highway, and urban arterials are no exception.
Shoulders are down and away from ears.
Shoulders are edges.
Shoulders are especially important because swimmers do a lot of arm rotations in the pool.
Shoulders are essential in aiming set.
Shoulders are forward and hips are back.
Shoulders are joints.
Shoulders are level.
Shoulders are long, with good angulation, and well laid back.
Shoulders are more narrow.
Shoulders are often barely discernible.
Shoulders are out of the water.
Shoulders are over the knee and foot.
Shoulders are pale blue.
Shoulders are part of bodies.
Shoulders are part of chucks.
Shoulders are part of garments.
Shoulders are part of roads.
Shoulders are part of torsos.
Shoulders are relaxed and down.
Shoulders are relaxed.
Shoulders are set higher than hindquarters giving a long, slanting appearance.
Shoulders are solid objects.
Shoulders are sore of a night and hard to raise.
Shoulders are straight to sloping.
Shoulders are strong and muscular with blades wide and sloping.
Shoulders are to be restored with stone or pavement to a height equal to the finished roadway.
Shoulders are wide and exhibit barbs projecting downward toward the base with deep corner notches.
Shoulders are wide enough for three heads.
Shoulders become mountains and facial features meld into ambiguous aspects of terrain.
Shoulders become sunburned and tight from paddling.
Shoulders become uneven and rounded.
Shoulders can be different widths as well as different heights.
Shoulders can rub lightly together.
Shoulders can stoop or stand erect.
Shoulders -Clean, set sloping.
Shoulders come next.
Shoulders develop first, digits develop last.
Shoulders drive forward under bottom hand.
Shoulders fall back naturally, minimizing stress to muscles and tendons.
Shoulders have (part) corpi.
Shoulders have (part) lobes.
Shoulders have plenty of angulation so that the legs are well set underneath the dog.
Shoulders lift a couple of inches off of the floor.
Shoulders lock so any motion of the upper bodies can directly be transferred to the arms.
Shoulders parallel to ground.
Shoulders parallel to intended target.
Shoulders plans to complete the report within several weeks.
Shoulders probably open at address.
Shoulders provide buffer space and a place for disabled vehicles to stop clear of traffic.
Shoulders range from narrow to non-existent.
Shoulders remain low and relaxed.
Shoulders require good muscle strength and posture.
Shoulders sloping, broad, long, firmly attached, muscles stand out clearly.
Shoulders stay with trunk.
Shoulders suffer impact from overly aggressive pole plants.
Shoulders support heads.
Shoulders takes one off the face.
Shoulders tend to creep up as stress builds.
Shoulders tend to flare out slightly from the stem.
Shoulders turn onto the top hand.
Shoulders vary from wide to none.
Many shoulders lighten the load and almost always lead to better results.
Most shoulders are part of bodies.
Most shoulders support heads.
Some shoulders allow wings.
Some shoulders are well paved, some rough, some dirt.
Some shoulders have heads.
A shout is an utterance
Shout isa auditory communication.
Shouts are red, tells are teal, etc.
Shouts burst forth from all sides.
Shouts fill the hall.
Shouts have (part) speech sound.
Shouts have to go to the fam.
Shouts pervade the inner depths of the field.
Shoutings are speaking.
Shoutings cause sore throats.
A shove is a push
Shove cigars up their asses.
Shovel blades make excellent springs, for example.
Shovel loader has a bucket that scoops and lifts.
Shovel makers have grades of shovel quality.
A shovel is a hand tool
Shovel isa tool.
Shovels are for more than digging holes.
Shovels are hand tools.
Shovels are hydraulically operated and water is pumped into the holes as trees are being dug.
Shovels are industrial equipment.
Shovels are reversible for double life.
Shovels are used for diggings.
Shovels figure largely in the tool account chargeable to track repairs.
Shovels have (part) handles.
Shovels have (part) sections.
Shovels make the man.
Shovels make the world go around.
A shoveler is a duck
Shovelers breed in the northwestern United States, Canada and Alaska.
Shovelers have a wide, flat bill, unlike the shorter bill of the teal.
Shovelnose sharks are the most abundant biters.
Show biz is an industry
Show biz is passe and yet totally desirable.
Show biz is show biz.
Show business becomes show and tell.
Show business can be cruel.
Show business can be so cruel.
Show business can be very overwhelming.
Show business can get so big that it stops creating community.
Show business is a business.
Show business is all they know.
Show business is an industry
Show business is as heavy on the business as it is on the show.
Show business is believed to be an important source of money for gang groups.
Show business is hard work.
Show business is hard.
Show business is like that, too.
Show business is the best possible therapy for remorse.
Show business is tough.
Show business is, after all, a risky business.
Show cars are cars that have won awards or professionally restored cars.
Show cattle are competitive at state and national levels.
Show dogs can have their feet trimmed to tidy the feet.
Show dogs have very long hair and a lighter color , but field dogs have a lot more differences .
Show dogs have very long hair and a lighter color, but field dogs have a lot more differences.
Show homes are a bonus for a very few.
Show homes are on-site and open for viewing.
Show hunters have a little more bone.
Show lines are generally heavier and easier going than field lines.
Show lines are invisible boundaries that determine how close to the audience pilots can fly.
Show lines range from mild and mellow, to hyperactive and skittish, to downright dumb and dopey.
Show of hands is a good way of involving all students in the classroom.
Show of hands please.
Show ponies show off their dressage skills and often wear elaborate harnesses, plumes and so on.
Show room allows customers to compare products.
Show rooms are incomparably sumptuous.
Show scores are available in the show results index .
Show time is a great time to meet old friends, make new ones and learn from others.
Show time is a point
Show time is around ten.
Show time is points.
Show times are also unconventional.
Show times are continuous.
Show times are pending.
Show times are subject to change or cancel without notice.
Show times are subject to change without notice.
Show times are subject to change.
Show times are yet to be announced.
Show times indicate two morning screenings, four afternoon presentations and four evening showings.
Show times varry seasonally.
Show times vary - early afternoon is a good guess.
Show times vary and are posted on the tip board and in programs.
Show times vary by day of the week, but are in the early evening.
Show times vary each day.
Show times vary night by night as do ticket prices.
Show times vary throughout the year.
Show times vary, call for details.
Show times vary, please call for information.
Show times vary.
All show times are approximate.
All show times are local.
All show times are p.m.
All show times are subject to availability.
All show times are subject to change without notice.
All show times are subject to change.
A show trial is a trial
More show trials are likely to take place before the end of the year.
Show tunes are fun.
A show window is a window
Show windows are ready.
A show is entertainment
Show associates how to apply procedures.
Show associates how to carry out tasks.
Show be a blast for the Rune community.
Show begins at dusk.
Show changes monthly.
Show closes for the night.
Show consists of still-life paintings and mixed media digital prints.
Show continues through the end of the year.
Show contributes to the attack with an elbow.
Show dates calender.
Show do social schemas and physical attributes influence attitudes toward other people.
Show ends with all models returning to the stage.
Show examples a houses from different times and places.
Show features horticulture and fresh flower arrangements, together with table decorating displays.
Show footnotes at the end of the document.
Show footnotes when available.
Show here are some of our past projects.
Show here is a semi-logarithmic graph of the above recovery data.
Show here is the outside corner bookcase that gives a nice finished look.
Show hints Enable or disable hints for any controls.
Show incorporates a mixture of circus acts and rock n roll.
SHOW kicks off the programming block with close encounters of the animal kind.
Show kicks out twice.
Show kids the relationship between art and the activities they can represent.
Show kids the way.
Show lasts approx.
Show lasts apx.
Show looks at the craze for portrait caricature that swept America between the world wars.
Show marks the end of the band's U.S. tour.
Show misses a big elbow drop.
Show passes to the operator.
Show plays live for varieties of artists as a supportive member.
Show pupils how to react to bullies.
Show reverses a whip and hits a big boot.
Show runs in conjunction with neocon west.
Show runs rain or shine.
Show runs through today.
Show seeks artists and craftspeople who specialize in African or African-American themes.
Show send information.
Show spindles too.
Show starts at Dusk.
Show starts at midnight.
Show starts at noon.
Show starts at seven.
Show starts early.
Show supporters a summary of the rebates available.
Shows alittle stronger mixing then yesterday.
Shows also gravitate here after doing well at some of the city's smaller independent stages.
Shows also have underlying conservational messages which are voiced throughout.
Shows apparently correct maps that are in fact faulty and provides explanations.
Shows appeal to the eye and ear and evoke emotion.
Shows appear alphabetically.
Shows are a good place to buy stones at bargain prices.
Shows are a great way to gain experience without high pressure.
Shows are all ages as long as their is no alcohol being served.
Shows are all ages, and the room is handicapped accessible.
Shows are all ages.
Shows are always special times - especially the hotel rooms.
Shows are approx.
Shows are approximately two hours long, and admission is always free.
Shows are at various venues.
Shows are available as single acts or complete turn key shows.
Shows are black-tie optional.
Shows are casual, relaxed, and fun for both youth and adults.
Shows are custom-designed for the audience and the performance venue.
Shows are daily on the hour.
Shows are daily.
Shows are definitely an unique opportunity to be enjoyed.
Shows are definitely for mature audiences and generally follow themes.
Shows are descendacy.
Shows are different levels.
Shows are entertainment.
Shows are family entertainment and alcohol is strictly forbidden.
Shows are family orientated and suitable for all age groups.
Shows are for children of all ages.
Shows are for family audiences.
Shows are free and host a variety of musical genres.
Shows are free and open to the public and all films have English subtitles.
Shows are free and open to the public.
Shows are free to all students, faculty and staff who have paid the student activity fee.
Shows are free with exhibits tickets.
Shows are free with museum admission.
Shows are free with paid admission into the exhibit halls.
Shows are free with park admission.
Shows are free, the villages are poor and often remote.
Shows are free.
Shows are general admission and standing room only.
Shows are good marketing and educational opportunities.
Shows are good.
Shows are grander here.
Shows are great interactive family fun, and free with museum admission.
Shows are hard to win.
Shows are held in which ducks can be displayed.
Shows are in an intimate, back room.
Shows are in both English and French.
Shows are in date order then alphabetized.
Shows are in order of air date.
Shows are in the lecture theater.
Shows are less than two hours with a ten minute half-time.
Shows are like birthday parties.
Shows are live.
Shows are located in operas.
Shows are located in television.
Shows are located in theaters.
Shows are located in theatres.
Shows are long and boring for young children.
Shows are mainly improv or versions of a basic theme.
Shows are more informal than in the United States.
Shows are one hour each and feature magic, music and comedy.
Shows are open to all ages unless otherwise noted.
Shows are open to the entire community.
Shows are open to the public, with members receiving advance opportunities to make reservations.
Shows are open to the public.
Shows are programs.
Shows are quality and the action is hot.
Shows are rotated, so check back here often.
Shows are seasonal.
Shows are sitcoms.
Shows are so much tighter.
Shows are social events.
Shows are spectacles.
Shows are springboards for dialogue on self healing.
Shows are still being added, please check back often.
Shows are subect to change withouth notice.
Shows are subject to change without notice.
Shows are subject to the availablity of staffing.
Shows are suitable for sale, presentation handouts, kiosk displays and more.
Shows are temporary.
Shows are used for audiences.
Shows are used for education.
Shows are used for enjoyment.
Shows are used for entertainment.
Shows are used for fun.
Shows are used for relaxation.
Shows are used for wearing.
Shows are weather permitting.
Shows are well-attended and there are plenty of youngsters who love to ride their ponies.
Shows are well-publicised in the media.
Shows are where quality is measured.
Shows become available one half hour after original broadcast.
Shows begin at dusk.
Shows begin at noon and last approximately one hour.
Shows begin at twilight.
Shows begin mid-morning and run throughout the afternoon.
Shows begin on time.
Shows begin promptly at scheduled time.
Shows believes people are the reason disc golf is prospering in the South.
Shows bow view of liner with man in foreground.
Shows break times to ensure coverage.
Shows can be as short as one day or as long as a week or more.
Shows can be expensive.
Shows can be good, great, poor, or just plain lousy.
Shows can get a second chance.
Shows can sell out during busy times of the year.
Shows can still involve splattering paint, using homemade percussion instruments and tossing food.
Shows care for personal and school property.
Shows care towards babies, younger siblings, pets, and teddies.
Shows change about every seven weeks.
Shows change every eight weeks.
Shows change every four to six weeks.
Shows change every six weeks on average.
Shows change every six weeks.
Shows change every so often.
Shows change frequently during the term.
Shows change frequently.
Shows change in fall, winter and spring.
Shows change monthly in each of the three galleries.
Shows change monthly.
Shows change nightly.
Shows change regularly.
Shows change with the semesters.
Shows come and go.
Shows consist of an original collection of sketches, songs, and musical numbers.
Shows contours on a single radial flux surface.
Shows cost, waiting period, expiration time and blood test requirements.
Shows courtesy to teachers, other students, and visitors.
Shows cover diverse topics and themes.
Shows cover everything and anything to make Cape Town a fun place to live.
Shows creek with mill building and wheel.
Shows demonstrate the relationships between felines and humans.
Shows denoted with an asterisk are all ages.
Shows derelict light plant.
Shows do fill in that dead time between the end of trout season and spring.
Shows do sometimes go into slumps, and our expectations sometimes get out of control.
Shows Enjoy the splendor of the night sky and discover the mysteries of the stars and planets.
Shows especially emphasize imagination and creativity but touch on math and verbal skills as well.
Shows feature German born contemporary artists.
Shows feature local artistic talent and international works.
Shows feature many mediums, including painting, drawing, photography, and printmaking.
Shows feature numerous personalities of local and national significance.
Shows feature striking instrumental pieces, humor, and irrepressible singing.
Shows feature traditional costumes, songs and plays.
Shows feature various astronomical phenomena with sky and special effects projected onto dome.
Shows features with limited functionality.
Shows fill months in advance so early submission of applications for the shows is suggested.
Shows focus on both natural disasters and disasters caused by public carelessness.
Shows focus on specific performers, various rock styles, the music's history, or particular themes.
Shows folds through photographs which can be very helpful for the beginner.
Shows fuselage side construction.
Shows generally change every three months.
Shows generally change monthly.
Shows glazes well.
Shows go all day and are for all ages.
Shows go on rain or shine . . .
Shows go on rain or shine.
Shows go on well into the year in the United Kingdom.
Shows go on with ambient music, and DJs who play all sorts of styles.
Shows has a long list of links to individual programs, grouped by category.
Shows have a life cycle.
Shows have episodes.
Shows have to offer more value.
Shows help on a specific command.
Shows help on the given command.
Shows here can be revelatory.
Shows highlighted in rose are rental events.
Shows hope in protecting against cancers of the stomach, esophagus and bladder.
Shows inform the network identity rather than the identity informing the shows.
Shows is a graduate of South Jones.
Shows is a leader in education initiatives.
Shows isn t exactly the right word, though.
Shows Just take a look.
Shows keyboard layout for the active keyboard.
Shows kids positive ways to deal with conflicts, bullies and other troubling situations.
Shows kids positive ways to deal with conflicts, bullies, and other troubling situations.
Shows lake Michigan.
Shows leads application and electrical axis ranges.
Shows listed are for the live or new telecasts of each show.
Shows listed below are currently active shows.
Shows listed below are subject to change without notice.
Shows live video stream in a preview window with irregular graphics overlays.
Shows load average graph docked on the panel.
Shows lose advertisers over such simple things as whom a character chooses to love.
Shows mainly tan martensite with some pearlite.
Shows map lookups.
Shows mean a specific concentration of movement in circumstances where precautions are wise.
Shows mostly work on paper by established contemporary artists from Europe and America.
Shows normally change every three months.
Shows normally go way past midnight.
Shows occur sporadically, about three times a semester.
Shows ocean bottom topography.
Shows opposes abortion rights and most gun restrictions.
Shows play behavior, mothering, different aspects of diet including ant eating.
Shows promise against some inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis .
Shows promise as a public accountant.
Shows promise for weight loss.
Shows promise in many areas, particularly for people under stress or with abnormal brain function.
Shows put quality dairy goats in the public eye to improve their public image.
Shows range from movie and television reviews to hardcore rock to rap and country.
Shows range from painting, printmaking and sculpture to ceramics, textiles and jewellery.
Shows range from the traditional musical to modern and contemporary.
Shows Read our children's privacy policy.
Shows reflect the industry they represent.
Shows regard for housestaff and students.
Shows regularly film outdoor scenes to establish where the characters are.
Shows regularly sell out, so booking in advance is a good idea.
Shows remain available for about a week after the original broadcast.
Shows require a lot of time and organization.
Shows require performers to be versatile in many styles.
Shows require the appropriate tack.
Shows result text summary with keyword, filename, file date, file size.
Shows reverse launch and normal landing.
Shows rotate weekly.
Shows run at three different theatres and guided backstage tours are offered.
Shows run concurently with the shows listed below.
Shows run concurrently with the shows listed below.
Shows run daily, and times vary.
Shows run every other month.
Shows run for one month.
Shows run for two weeks.
Shows run from a few weeks or a month to as much as six months.
Shows run from three in the afternoon until early morning, on two stages.
Shows run on weekends at various times.
Shows run several times daily.
Shows sell out quickly.
Shows sell out regularly, so arrive early.
Shows sell out, so order tickets in advance.
Shows sell out.
Shows send and receive mail transactions.
Shows sound judgment in making decisions.
Shows start at various times, with matinee shows at reduced prices.
Shows starts at sunset.
Shows stay up two months.
Shows study, scholarship and application.
Shows subserosal, colonic adenocarcinoma with cyst and abscess formation.
Shows sun important.
Shows swell heights in the Atlantic.
Shows syntax, examples, and related functions.
Shows take place twice daily, five days a week.
Shows tend to be more intimate in smaller venues.
Shows tides world-wide in a print or graph mode.
Shows typically feature displays, demonstrations and dealers.
Shows typically focus on the stock market, technology, sports and entertainment industries.
Shows use, but very clean.
Shows vary daily.
Shows vary from day to day.
Shows vary in cost from a few hundred to many thousands of dollars.
Shows vary in length.
Shows vary monthly.
Shows vary, so call ahead to confirm.
Shows view from underneath rock.
Shows view our paid membership base as a marketing tool.
Shows viewed by a large audience receive more revenue than less popular shows.
Shows Watch for dates to be announced.
Shows wear and indentation on top plate.
Shows wear in a number of cases where the finish has worn off the brass.
Shows wear on back lid.
Shows wear on the back side.
Shows wilderness boundaries, new roads and trails, and no-camping zones .
Shows wilderness boundaries, new roads and trails, and no-camping zones.
Shows works for sale by leading contemporary artists, with profiles of the artists.
Shows often feature singers and dancers and choirs as well as a full orchestra.
Shows often follow themes or feature live music from artists visiting the area.
Shows usually run for a period of six to seven weeks.
All show dates subject to change.
All shows allow interactive control, delay adjustment and pausing.
All shows appeal to adults and children six and up.
All shows are a one-half hour unless noted.
All shows are accessible to main highway routes.
All shows are all ages and are drug free.
All shows are all ages unless marked, see legend.
All shows are all ages unless noted otherwise.
All shows are all ages unless otherwise indicated.
All shows are all ages, unless otherwise noted.
All shows are all ages.
All shows are all-ages .
All shows are always all ages.
All shows are approximately one hour.
All shows are available please call for current list.
All shows are available, please call for current list.
All shows are cocktail shows unless otherwise indicated.
All shows are commercial free and completely unedited.
All shows are currently available only in ADAT format.
All shows are currently on-sale unless noted.
All shows are double cast.
All shows are Eastern time.
All shows are entertaining, interactive and based on an educational themes.
All shows are for all ages unless otherwise noted.
All shows are FREE , but donations are greatly appreciated.
All shows are free admission unless specifically noted.
All shows are free and all-ages.
All shows are Free and are open to general public.
All shows are free and open to the public of all ages.
All shows are free and open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All shows are free and open to the public, unless noted differently.
All shows are free and open to the public.
All shows are free and outdoors.
All shows are free for students.
All shows are free of charge and open to the public.
All shows are free of charge.
All shows are free to students.
All shows are free to the public - refreshments available for purchase.
All shows are free to the public and are alcohol and smoke-free.
All shows are free to the public unless otherwise noted.
All shows are free to the public.
All shows are FREE to the public.
All shows are free, see page two for a complete schedule of performers.
All shows are free.
All shows are general admission and all-ages, rain or shine.
All shows are general admission on an open floor.
All shows are general admission.
All shows are Handicapped accessible.
All shows are highly entertaining, and are family oriented.
All shows are in Austin, Texas, USA, unless otherwise noted.
All shows are in English Ask about our services for private gatherings .
All shows are in Ontario, Canada.
All shows are in Stephens Auditorium.
All shows are in the Boston area, unless otherwise noted.
All shows are in the evening.
All shows are indoors.
All shows are juried.
All shows are live and participatory.
All shows are live and the audience is actively encouraged to participate and ask questions.
All shows are live with the occasional glitches and embarrassments.
All shows are live, all shows are hot.
All shows are live, and students are welcome to ask questions throughout the show.
All shows are no longer than one hour.
All shows are non-graphic and seek to educate and inform.
All shows are on analog tape unless otherwise denoted.
All shows are on sale now.
All shows are on sale unless otherwise indicated.
All shows are open to all ages.
All shows are open to any player.
All shows are open to the public , and families are welcome to attend.
All shows are open to the public at no charge.
All shows are open to the public.
All shows are rain or shine.
All shows are self-contained with sound and all the equipment needed.
All shows are smoke-free and all ages are welcome.
All shows are stereo audience recordings.
All shows are subject to availability and firm contract.
All shows are subject to availability, changes and cancellation.
All shows are subject to availability.
All shows are subject to change or cancellation.
All shows are subject to change until they go on sale.
All shows are subject to change without notice.
All shows are subject to change.
All shows are subject to confirmation.
All shows are tape-delayed.
All shows are three dollars.
All shows are two hours long, for a total of eight hours a month.
All shows begin at eight o'clock.
All shows begin on time.
All shows begin promptly at the designated show time.
All shows call for prices.
All shows call for times and prices, unless noted.
All shows call for times and prices.
