Some men simply enjoy barebacking better, and think that barebacking is worth the risk.
Some men simply hate using condoms.
Some men sing songs.
Some men sit and nurse a drink all night and never ask anyone to dance.
Some men sit in chairs.
Some men sit in fronts.
Some men sit on horses.
Some men sit on stools.
Some men skip the tests and end up regretting it.
Some men sleep in alleys.
Some men sleep with mothers.
Some men smoke marijuana.
Some men smoke pot and appear to be high.
Some men sow to the flesh in pot-houses and among lewd fellows.
Some men spend hours collecting and viewing pornography.
Some men squeeze another man's head in a primitive vice-like mechanism.
Some men stand apart as highly effective fathers.
Some men stand in courtyards.
Some men stand in fronts.
Some men stand on chairs.
Some men stand on corners.
Some men stand on platforms.
Some men stand, unable to sleep like the rest.
Some men start business.
Some men start like a house on fire, later losing interest.
Some men start talking.
Some men stay at historical mansions.
Some men stay at mansions.
Some men steal animals.
Some men steal cattle.
Some men steal horses.
Some men still believe that women want to be forced to have sex.
Some men still deny that they are really inflicting pain on women.
Some men still wish that day had never eventuated.
Some men stop having sex because they are depressed.
Some men struggle with each other trying to get to some discovered gold.
Some men study hamsters.
Some men study lizards.
Some men study monkeys.
Some men study pigs.
Some men submit samples.
Some men submit semen samples.
Some men submit shots out of revenge on a former partner.
Some men succeed because they are destined to, but most because they are determined to.
Some men suffer allergic reaction.
Some men suffer burns.
Some men suffer combat injuries.
Some men suffer damage reputations.
Some men suffer from cancer.
Some men suffer from disability.
Some men suffer from diseases.
Some men suffer from epilepsy.
Some men suffer from infertility.
Some men suffer from injuries.
Some men suffer from mental disability.
Some men suffer from nervous diseases.
Some men suffer injuries.
Some men suffer massive allergic reaction.
Some men suffer pain for many years following the procedure.
Some men suffer paralyze injuries.
Some men suffer reaction.
Some men suffer reputations.
Some men suffer severe symptoms whilst others suffer only minor symptoms or nothing at all.
Some men survive attacks.
Some men survive avalanches.
Some men survive disasters.
Some men survive flight.
Some men survive for many years with the disease and never develop symptoms.
Some men swam away forever in search of the ship or the imagined islands.
Some men take big shot.
Some men take gingkoes.
Some men take intelligence tests.
Some men take life.
Some men take over laboratories.
Some men take personal defoliation lightly.
Some men take places.
Some men take possessions.
Some men take pride.
Some men take reins.
Some men take shot.
Some men take tests.
Some men take the long route and some take the short route.
Some men take the news well, some grudgingly, some angrily.
Some men take their sports very seriously.
Some men take titles.
Some men talk 'cause they got somethin' to say.
Some men talk to their parish priest or another priest they know well.
Some men talk.
Some men teach grandfathers.
Some men teach great grandfathers.
Some men think a green-eyed woman is exotic.
Some men think all woman are sex objects.
Some men think it's impolite to extend their hand to a woman for a handshake.
Some men think it's impressive to lift towering stacks of weights or compete in triathlons.
Some men think that drinking heavily or dressing provocatively are an invitation to sex.
Some men think that's really sexy.
Some men think they are capable of prolonguing the arousal.
Some men think they are entitled to sex minus any responsibilities.
Some men think they'll get 'dumped' on, especially by a female counselor.
Some men touch globes.
Some men travel to territory.
Some men treat women.
Some men try to demonstrate their love by showing physical affection to their wives.
Some men try, many fall, and most of the rest just simply fail.
Some men turn backs.
Some men turn their backs on their children.
Some men turn to cosmetic surgery for a solution.
Some men turn to other males for advice, guidance, and social support.
Some men undergo cancer treatments.
Some men undergo profound transformation.
Some men undergo transformation.
Some men undergo treatments.
Some men undergo variation.
Some men underrate their best blessings.
Some men understand principles.
Some men use a combination of all three drugs.
Some men use a stun gun to stun and capture another man.
Some men use axes.
Some men use backhoes.
Some men use bulbs.
Some men use cameras.
Some men use cigarettes.
Some men use drugs or numbing ointments to make penetration easier.
Some men use fists.
Some men use guns.
Some men use nuts.
Some men use senses.
Some men use sex as a distancer.
Some men use smoke.
Some men use straw.
Some men use thread.
Some men use very linear thought processes.
Some men view pornography.
Some men visit banks.
Some men visit dentists.
Some men visit prostitutes before going home to their wives, whom they often infect.
Some men visit sperm banks.
Some men wage war and endure hardship, privation and suffering to attain their objectives.
Some men wage war and endure untold hardship, privation and suffering to attain their objectives.
Some men wait a lifetime to cross the line.
Some men wait for brides.
Some men walk as children of the devil, for they walk after the flesh, after the serpent nature.
Some men walk down staircases.
Some men walk down streets.
Some men walk in darkness while other men walk in light.
Some men walk into bars.
Some men walk into offices.
Some men watch chickens.
Some men watch porno films because they love to watch two men and a woman.
Some men watch sheep.
Some men watch squirrels.
Some men wear a white skullcap or an embroidered version.
Some men wear armor.
Some men wear boots.
Some men wear bracelets.
Some men wear brown boots.
Some men wear brown leather boots.
Some men wear caps instead of helmets.
Some men wear cloaks.
Some men wear fanny packs or carry purses.
Some men wear heavy cloaks.
Some men wear jackets.
Some men wear leather boots.
Some men wear life jackets.
Some men wear makeup.
Some men wear military uniforms.
Some men wear rubber sandals.
Some men wear sandals.
Some men wear suits and ties, while others wear just a suit coat or a sweater.
Some men wear tunics.
Some men wear uniforms.
Some men wear white dress shoes, others wear leather sandals.
Some men wear white garments as a symbol of purity.
Some men wear white tunics.
Some men wield swords.
Some men wish to destroy their consciences.
Some men work for contractors.
Some men work in fields.
Some men work in restaurants.
Some men work with animals.
Some men work with chickens.
Some men work with dogs.
Some men work with horses.
Some men work with lions.
Some men work with pigs.
Some men worry about telephones, too.
Some men worry for nothing.
Some men worry that their orgasms become less powerful with age.
Some men write books.
Some men write poems about the object of their affections.
Manage editors discuss stories.
Manage editors work for magazines.
Manageable areas make sail and halyard winches optional.
Manageable chunks can help provide social control and thus crime control.
Manageable collaborations strike a balance between breadth and depth of membership.
Manageable fear acts as the fuel for improvement.
Manageable threats allow creative tension without imagination-crimping fear.
Management accountants analyze the financial information of the companies for which they work.
Management accountants assume that variable costs are constant in the short term.
Management accountants have a dual reporting relationship.
Management accountants provide information and advice for the purposes of planning and control.
Management accountants work for corporations.
Management accounting includes preparation of budget and cost data for managerial reporting.
Management accounting is an applied discipline used in various industries.
Management accounting is the opposite in some ways.
Management accounting is very different from financial accounting.
Management activities enhance development.
Management analyst is the term used for people who work for government agencies.
Management approaches offer options.
Every management audit is different.
Management buyouts represent the opportunity of a lifetime.
Management consultancies tend to pay considerably more than the quoted ranges.
Management consultancy spans a wide range of activities and expertise.
Most management consultancies achieve what the organisation wanted, and often much more besides.
A management consultant is a consultant
Management consultants are advisers.
Management consultants are no exception.
Management consultants are often more expensive by at least a factor of two.
Management consultants are typically well educated and technology friendly.
Management consultants can be excellent sources of advice and information on an occasional basis.
Management Consultants collect, review and analyze information.
Management consultants offers organizational development services.
Management consultants work in small teams for long hours over extended periods of time.
Most management consultants start here with a new client.
Management contracts are often a first step in privatizing water and sanitation systems.
Management contracts range in length from one to five years in term.
Management control is delegated to teams at all levels of the organization.
Management control is even more relaxed.
Management control is internal control
Management control is internal control.
Management control is key.
Management control plays the vital role of translating strategies into actions, operations.
Management controls span the whole gamut of management activities.
Management decisions include harvest regulations.
Management decisions include regulations.
Management decisions include set harvest regulations.
Management development is a central feature of organizational development.
Management education deals with issues in economics, politics, psychology, sociology, etc.
Management education is an industry.
Management fads are a bit different.
Management fees are annual charges to administer the fund.
Management fees are at hourly rates.
Management fees are competitive.
Management fees are non-negotiable.
Management fees are often prohibitive when contracting for long-term investing.
Management fees are payable quarterly in advance.
Management fees are tax-deductible as the services provided are bona fide.
Management fees are usually extremely low.
Management fees can be high.
Management fees create a real drag on investment returns.
Management fees pay for fund manager salaries.
Management fees vary depending on the amount invested and the particular mutual fund company.
Management fees vary from fund to fund.
Management fees vary greatly depending on facilities provided by the individual complex eg.
All Management fees are due and payable at the time the client receives such notice from Merit.
All management fees have a sliding scale that declines as the dollar amount of assets rises.
Management games offer fans a chance to do things their way and see if they can do any better.
Management information is comprehensive and accurate.
Management information is data used internally by the system to control the gathering process.
Management information is kept for later analysis and use.
Management information is the framework tying together business decision makers in an organization.
Management information needed for the evaluation is specified below.
All management information is available via a secure web interface in real time.
Management interface supports file uploads for text objects as well as image or file objects.
Management levels are of particular importance for the transition.
Management objectives are primarily for waterfowl and neotropical migrants.
Management of changes is focused on the development of common interfaces.
Management of dehydration is especially important.
Management of schizophrenia is complicated by high rates of relapse.
Management of technologies is a major issue for business.
Management processes are of low performance and costs-ineffective.
Management reports allow companies to better track their expenses and allocate costs.
Management reports are also computerized and can be generated regularly with little effort.
Management reports are available to customers who require call activity analysis.
Management reports are available.
Management reports are just the tip of the iceberg.
Management reports are wonderful planning tools.
Management reports cover complete customer history, product and service sales and past due accounts.
Management Reports help to identify fraudulent, excessive and repetitive claims.
Management reports lead to decisions about how to improve performance.
Management reports provide timely information instantly based on the most up to date information.
Management reports reflect what happens at each step of the process.
Management reports show the overall utilization of all resources as well as by individual customers.
Management review is used to check progress and to make any necessary changes to the system.
Management reviews are independent reviews of program effectiveness and management processes.
Management reviews become strategic in nature rather than tactical.
Management reviews feedback daily in an effort to improve our performance.
Management reviews help ensure the accuracy and relevance of variance explanations.
Management schools teach courses on the subject to their students.
Many management schools teach deadlines and accountabilities.
Management science applies the methods and tools of science to management decision making.
Management science Assess the impact of Deming quality circles.
Management science is included.
Management scientists use scenarios for strategic decision-making.
Management simulations are one of the most innovative methods in teaching business.
Management skill is a crucial factor in successful sustainable farms.
Management skill is of course a major determinig factor in productivity.
Management skills are a plus.
Management skills are critical, but they are readily available in today's workplace.
Management skills are crucial for the UK biotech industry as it grows.
Management skills are equally critical.
Management skills are essential to leadership and central to our programs.
Management skills are in highest demand.
Management skills are leadership skills.
Management skills are more important than ever.
Management skills are more valuable than ever.
Management skills are the mechanical requirements of leadership.
Management skills are valuable in business no matter what the major field selected.
Management skills call for high control and measurability of performance.
Management skills can influence the generation interval and selection intensity.
Management skills ensure a consistent, efficient, and profitable workplace.
Management skills provide insight and creative solutions to credit and collection problems.
Some management skills relate to maintenance.
Management software allows for roaming between base stations.
Management software can also send requests to set values for certain variables.
Management software can help reduce operating costs.
Management software can reduce the problem.
Management software can reset the counters by storing a zero in the object.
Management software can then query the PC and store the returned information in a database.
Management software comes as standard and there's support for remote management via a modem.
Management software helps organize scheduling and communications in a shared environment.
Management software is arguably one of the hottest areas of innovation in high technology today.
Management software is provided.
Management strategies are long-term and comprehensive.
Management strategies are quite compatible with the needs of grassland bird species.
Management strategies attempt to prevent bison from commingling with cattle.
Management strategies can help reverse the declining numbers.
Management strategies depend on status.
Management Strategies Heading up a team can be tough stuff.
Management strategies vary across and within the public land management agencies.
Management strategy is crucial because the test is timed.
Any management strategy comes with a degree of uncertainty.
Most management strategies depend on status.
Some management strategies are used by birds.
Some management strategies enhance growth.
Some management strategies improve health.
Management studies involve a consideration of factors that affect how an organisation performs.
Management study can be very hard work but extremely stimulating and rewarding.
Management style can be intuitive or analytical.
Management style has a reputation for being relatively risk-averse.
Management style is also important.
Management style is informal, professional, adept no problem remains a problem for long.
Management style is the key to developing and maintaining productive employees.
Management style Let the employee know what to expect in terms of the supervisor's management style.
Management styles come and go, profit or loss is always there.
Management styles serve to encourage or discourage a sharing of knowledge.
Every management style establishes a certain set of employee expectations.
Management system controls.
Management systems are available.
Management systems are systems.
Management systems ensure healthy load factors and efficient control of overseas costs.
Many management systems come up short because they focus too narrowly on measurements and results.
Most management systems implement only a part or subset of network management.
Management team has a clear vision and defensible business strategy.
Management team has extensive experience in insurance claims handling and manufacturing.
Management team is headed by personnel experienced in information and Internet technology.
Management teams are structured to provide the highest level of service for our clients.
Management teams assume responsibility.
Management teams come and go.
Management teams have business.
Management teams have sustainable business.
Management teams lose sight of the customer.
Management teams quit.
All management teams have uneven experience.
Many management teams have no formal training.
Most management teams assume responsibility.
Most management teams have business.
Most management teams have sustainable business.
Some management teams demonstrate advantage.
Some management teams demonstrate competitive advantage.
Some management teams expect very little in terms of metrics.
Management techniques improve conditions.
Management theorists are keen to explain how to deal with 'work overload'.
Management theory defines value as performance divided by price.
Management theory is in a very vibrant period and change is taking place very rapidly.
Management today is a global undertaking.
Management today is a science, after all.
Management today is about managing change.
Management training is an essential ingredient of the economic success.
Management training is available within the first two years.
Management training is eligible.
Management training is for all levels of supervision and management.
Management training ranges from the mundane to the exotic.
Management training reinforces the relationship between workers and supervisors.
More management training is needed.
Management accomplishes objectives through the efforts of many people.
Management Accounts to date.
Management acts immediately on each complaint of workplace violence.
Management affects quality.
Management agree exploratory trawl for volunteers.
Management agrees to ensure prompt abatement of unsafe and unhealthy working conditions.
Management agrees to make every effort to re-rent the rooms involved.
Management agrees to operate an effective program that meets established criteria.
Management agrees to provide a typewriter in the lounge area for correctional officers.
Management agrees to provide copies of such plans.
Management agrees to record and to have the summary typed.
Management aims to increase orders for architectural projects.
Management aims toward gradual change.
Management also becomes more challenging with expansion.
Management also believes in distributed responsibility.
Management also believes the staff received inadequate training due to the quick training session.
Management also can help prevent and, in some cases clean up, water pollution.
Management also comes in the from of habitat protection.
Management also directs the maintenance, repair and replacement of firefighting equipment.
Management also expects the deal to be accretive for existing shareholders of both companies.
Management also has a couple of decisions to make on the batting front.
Management also has a great deal of control over ballot access.
Management also has a great deal of discretion in the medium term over expansion capex.
Management also includes a programme of relocation of villages.
Management also includes the preservation of several old growth areas.
Management also is both art and science.
Management also knows that age discrimination is rampant.
Management also oversees evaluation of the partnership, through external and internal review.
Management also participates in the performance evaluation process as a subordinate.
Management also plans further circulation price increases.
Management also produces fuller tips.
Management also provides maid service and even complimentary breakfast with a daily newspaper.
Management also reserves the right to reproduce all or part of any posting in any media format.
Management also sets their pay scale also.
Management also supports the commission because it depolarized an extremely tense workplace.
Management also tracks security policy violations, and sanctions are enforced.
Management also wants their customers to have knowledge on how to use the product.
Management also wants to expand the current two-tier wage system.
Management anticipates an overall positive development for the second half of the year.
Management APIs one API, multiple interfaces.
Management apologizes about the inconvenience.
Management appears insulated.
Management appears to want to continue down that path.
Management Apply pressure to stop bleeding using a combine dressing if possible.
Management appoint equal numbers.
Management appreciates the improved productivity and cost-savings.
Management approaches for the repetitively aggressive patient.
Management approaches to prevent or reverse adverse environmental impacts.
Management approaches to primary pulmonary hypertension.
Management approaches to public service motivation lack sophistication.
Management approves the documented plan.
Management architectures for multimedia networks.
Management are available at all times to answer any questions.
Management are desperate to divide and frustrate any fightback.
Management are proud to offer efficiency and organisation in all aspects of conferences.
Management are sixteen times more likely to commit fraud than non-managerial employees.
Management are unaware of level of computer competency.
Management are worried about a strike.
Management argues that the areas being cut deserve it.
Management asks an employee to submit to a urine test.
Management associated with the project seems unresponsive to the problems experienced.
Management assumes no liability for loss or damage to exhibitor property.
Management assumes no responsibility for personal belongings.
Management assumes the most critical role.
Management attempts to properly gauge expenses for the upcoming year and allots certain funds to it.
Management audits the accountability of each shop, twice a year for the above.
Management authorizes such access and can determine who has utilized approved access-and when.
Management balances the interest of customers, employees and share holders.
Management based on ecological principles is also more likely to assure forest sustainability.
Management based on pretest probability and results of ventilation-perfusion scanning is safe.
Management become less able to treat labour as individual, replaceable units.
Management becomes a resource to support employee leadership.
Management becomes complicated when patients are given medications in combinations.
Management becomes the art of facilitating organizations that can perpetually reorganize themselves.
Management becomes the art of facilitating organizations that can reorganize themselves.
Management begins accruing and is eligible to use time at date of hire.
Management believe that compulsory redundancies are required to achieve the necessary savings.
Management believes cash reserves are sufficient for at least the next four quarters.
Management believes employees have prerogative to choose what information to give the union.
Management believes in our technology and that our growth strategies are fundamentally sound.
Management believes in, promotes and pursues excellence throughout the organization.
Management believes it maintains an effective system of internal accounting controls.
Management believes it'll save money in the long run.
Management believes our exposure to market rate risk is minimal and the risk of loss is remote.
Management believes steady prices help preserve long term relationships with consumers.
Management believes that appropriate liabilities have been accrued for environmental matters.
Management believes that is fair.
Management believes that the allowance for loan losses is adequate.
Management believes that the carrying amount of cash is a reasonable estimate of fair value.
Management believes that the contractor is doing very well.
Management believes that the most important questions are about products and technology.
Management believes the best use of retained earnings is to fund internal growth.
Management believes the company has the largest installed base of aircraft products in the industry.
Management believes there is good potential for penetrating the U.S. market.
Management blames high labor costs in the United States, unions blame poor and greedy management.
Management blames the strike.
Management brings order to enterprise.
Management builds the security policy, which defines what is to be enforced.
Management Built into EZTracker is powerful curriculum management.
Management Calculates how much money can be made from selling servings of beer at a certain cost.
Management calls it the world's only seven-star hotel.
Management calls the cops.
Management can achieve peace and quiet another way.
Management can also encourage motivation, of course.
Management can always fritter away cash and add debt.
Management can approve the documents by having a password and approval rights.
Management can arrange tours of the area.
Management can assign access rights to individual users, as per their responsibilities in the Firm.
Management can be a very lonely job.
Management can be more efficient and effective.
Management can be out-sourced.
Management can be surgical or with medication, depending on severity.
Management can become disillusioned.
Management can bypass or override the internal controls.
Management can call any number.
Management can call or fax to just one number and most of the time reach sales reps within minutes.
Management can change shift and work schedules on a day's notice.
Management can change wages, benefits and working conditions whenever it wants.
Management can choose to audit more than once a year.
Management can close down the location or the business.
Management can compare estimated costs to actual costs.
Management can concentrate on brokers writing new business rather than chasing data.
Management can do everything possible to provide safe working conditions.
Management can do more than just praise volunteers with words.
Management can easily and quickly track weak spots and repeating faults in the hotel.
Management can easily avoid the crisis by acting now.
Management can easily monitor investigations and ensure timely disclosure to the prosecuting office.
Management can easily quash a local uprising by targeting individuals involved.
Management can easily track earned leave time and manage the liability associated with earned leave.
Management can employ various pricing strategies to assure success in a deregulated environment.
Management can establish the KPIs to meet their organization's specific needs.
Management can even set service level thresholds based on explicit customer needs.
Management can feed information into the informal structure at very low cost.
Management can fully understand all the elements and provide feedback right from the proposal stage.
Management can get frustrated and it trickles down.
Management can grant specific access privileges to each system area.
Management can help satisfy agents without compromising service levels.
Management can implement departmental action plans with a process that outlines action dates.
Management can include drainage, erosion control, and protection from flooding.
Management can include lubricants and tear supplements.
Management can learn valuable information about employee morale from the grapevine.
Management can log on to the Web site and find pipeline information.
Management can make better and more effective judgment by use of mathematical programming.
Management can make better decisions by knowing their enterprise better.
Management can massage and manipulate statistics all they want.
Management can monitor operations in real time, or they can be recorded for later review.
Management can no longer overlook records management as part of their business equation.
Management can now better manage with more information.
Management can now determine losses in efficiencies caused by obsolescence.
Management can now manage the business on their level efficiently.
Management can occur from a single or multiple locations.
Management can only regain control by sharing it.
Management can pass the cost on to consumers in the form of higher prices.
Management can play a key role in prevention.
Management can protect, restore or create wetland areas.
Management can prove difficult, and several medications are usually required.
Management can prove they are resolving issues by the number resolved.
Management can quickly monitor employee s daily punch status at any time.
Management can range from corrective lenses, wearing sunglasses when outside to surgical procedures.
Management can refer to a range of persons with vastly different responsibilities.
Management can request an agent screen test of the screen-capture application under consideration.
Management can require FLSA-exempt employees to work specified hours.
Management can run reports which quickly show short and long term trends within their fleet.
Management can see how the solution works.
Management can see their return on internet investment.
Management can spot configuration changes across the whole country from the same desk.
Management can spot trouble spots faster and change marketing to correct problem.
Management can take quite a substantial amount of time from several months up to a year.
Management can then make some hard decisions.
Management can track and report on deficiency progress throughout the enterprise.
Management can track the status of each incident.
Management can turn around for whatever reason and change it.
Management carefully considers all proposals and suggestions from stockholders.
Management Carefully follow respiratory status.
Management carries with it a strong conotation of control.
Management changes over time, and so does the company's organizational structure.
Management charges that that's what the dissidents are doing.
Management Check the available classes.
Management claims it is willing, but no one is fooled.
Management claims that financial difficulties make another salary increase impossible.
Management claims the bar makes more money than the restaurant, which puzzles employees.
Management claims the company is under-valued, trying to improve valuation.
Management claims the company s youth is an advantage.
Management clearly expects a continuing stream of visitors to fill the rooms and suites.
Management clearly identifies all risks and employs compensating factors mitigating concerns.
Management collects information beyond that required to manage individual sectors.
Management combines a short course of steroid therapy, plasma exchanges, and antiviral drugs.
Management commits to operate an effective program that meets an established set of criteria.
Management completely rejects any objective measure.
Management concurs with our finding and has added the additional control procedures.
Management consciously acts to distribute leadership responsibilities throughout the organization.
Management considers factors.
Management consists of a director of racing and a secretary-treasurer.
Management consists of a number of different modules, and media management facilities are good.
Management consists of clases in accounting, oraganized behaior, marketing, fianace, and statistics.
Management consists of helping the child achieve maximum potential in growth and development.
Management consists of litter removal near the road.
Management consists of myringotomy and antibiotic treatment.
Management consists of occasional brushing and prescribed burning to maintain prairie vigor.
Management consists of placing the patient in the recumbent position and ventilation with oxygen.
Management consists of planning and control.
Management consists of supportive measures, close supervision and monitoring.
Management consists of terminating the infusion at that i.v. site and application of local therapy.
Management consists of Wetland protection, restoration and enhancement.
Management consists primarily of treatment of complications.
Management contends that the unions want to bargain over issues of their choosing.
Management continually monitors internal controls for compliance.
Management continually seeks to enhance hunting quality.
Management continually seeks to enhance quality.
Management continues their policy of withholding witnesses, evidence etc.
Management continues to examine best practices that can benefit SR performance.
Management continues to implement actions to reduce expenses and improve profitability.
Management continues to see an ongoing shift from aluminum to copper interconnect.
Management continues to see the international opportunities for manufacturing automation.
Management continues to utilize a residual use and lease agreement.
Management continues to waffle on signing an agreement.
Management contours for border irrigation.
Management contributes to nest success.
Management contributes to success.
Management controls all activities on site.
Management controls decision-making on staffing.
Management controls for testing and certification are effective.
Management creates order, planning, budgeting and problem solving.
Management creates the culture within which the organization func- tions.
Management crushes the strike, imposing lower wages and longer hours.
Management Cut a little on exercise.
Management deals with backlog and issues.
Management Deals with business structure, contracts, the economy and society.
Management deals with keeping the status quo.
Management deals with speed.
Management deals with that.
Management deals with things and efficiency.
Management decides to break it into two parts that are less expensive to produce.
Management decides to support source reduction efforts.
Management decides what it can afford to pay.
Management decides when things are really fixed and close out open problems.
Management decides which employee moves, based on space and equipment considerations.
Management decides who gets options and how many they receive.
Management declares the commitment to achieving a healthy workplace.
Management delivers what the team needs in terms of resources, political support, and recognition.
Management depends on analgesia and steroid therapy, physical therapy and reduced training levels.
Management depends on factors.
Management depends on functional and metabolic factors.
Management depends on metabolic factors.
Management depends on prediction.
Management Depends on primary diagnosis.
Management depends on resources having the characteristics of manageability .
Management depends on size.
Management depends on the amount of displacement and comminution of the fragment.
Management depends on the amount of persistent bleeding and the gestational age at presentation.
Management depends on the cause.
Management depends on the extent of infestation.
Management depends on the maturity of the fetus and severity of the bleeding.
Management depends on the source of the stroke.
Management depends on the staging of prostate cancer.
Management depends on the type of fracture.
Management deserves more respect.
Management determines organizational structure and assigns duties and responsibilities.
Management determines the number of written warnings, based on the individual situation.
Management determines whether telecommuting is appropriate, based upon work requirements.
Management develops strategies by finding and exploiting advantages in each area of the value chain.
Management dictates policy.
Management dictates that the resource has priority over the user.
Management differs depending on the facility.
Management directs the business and the use of all resources that determine the future.
Management discloses more cuts and chaos.
Management displays favoritism.
Management does all the daily eleaning and is also responsible for changing the lines.
Management does always come up with enough cash to keep going.
Management does have an obligation to support individual or group efforts at maintaining morale.
Management does reserve the right to refuse service.
Management does see the complaints.
Management does things for reasons.
Management does what makes sense to a manager.
Management dominates the committees.
Management dreads it.
Management emphasises the application of theory to the practical running of organisations.
Management emphasizes the importance of partnerships between people who use work options.
Management encourages long-term sustainable use of resources with preservation for the furture.
Management encourages such applications.
Management encourages teamwork and promotes an enabling environment for staff.
Management engages itself.
Management enhances functions.
Management ensure a warm welcome.
Management enters the requisition information into the following form.
Management equals mastering routines to achieve efficiency.
Management establishes and maintains an environment that fosters control.
Management establishes controls and work standards in an attempt to increase employee productivity.
Management establishes goals and tracks progress.
Management establishes the parameters of employee options.
Management estimates that delivery takes one day at most.
Management evaluates the expense allocation methodology periodically.
Management evaluates the IT on the value adding to the core competences.
Management everywhere tends to be opposed to unions.
Management exists for the sake of the institution's results .
Management expects another quarter of comparatively slow growth.
Management expects increased competition in the industry to drive car prices lower.
Management expects quality and pays very well for it.
Management expects significant additional biotechnology developments.
Management expects that amount to double in the next three years.
Management expects the transaction to be immediately accretive to earnings.
Management expects to complete the reincorporation process during the second quarter.
Management expects to lease warehouse space as well as office space.
Management expects to leverage investment in data infrastructure.
Management experiences an asset.
Management faces increasing amounts of pressure to structure more effective organizations.
Management faces lawsuits from former employees who complain of bad treatment.
Management facts The required dosage of guaifenesin is determined by patient response.
Management fails almost universally to furnish the requisite written instructions.
Management fails to act in the best interests of the owners of the business.
Management fails to execute effectively.
Management falls into two categories.
Management fears a family who takes notes on conditions or photograph inadequate care.
Management feels it.
Management feels that the culture change has made their job much easier.
Management Find a list of management members who contribute to our successful corporation.
Management first needs to identify all entry points.
Management flows down both authority and accountability to the workers.
Management focuses more on today and less on the future.
Management focuses on extending the life of infected privets.
Management focuses on finding solutions.
Management focuses on frameworks.
Management focuses on issues.
Management focuses on media, cable, and telecom stocks, giving the fund streaky performance.
Management focuses on minimizing the detrimental effects while enhancing many of the benefits.
Management focuses on prevention, intervention, evaluation and human experiences.
Management focuses on supervising individuals, and fire-fighting is necessary and rewarded.
Management focuses on the bottom line.
Management following planting is very important to ensure survival.
Management follows the rules and occasionally addresses the safety behavior of others.
Management fosters a team environment for ALL employees in every department.
Management further believes the controls are adequate to accomplish the objectives discussed herein.
Management gains a decision-support resource for marketing and operational functions.
Management generally appears to follow basic safety and health rules.
Management generally follows basic safety and health rules.
Management generally has the greater power in applying voltage.
Management generally wants a turnkey answer, which they never get.
Management gets powerful call productivity reports.
Management gives continuous attention to making our organisation as effective as possible.
Management gives employees at all levels of the organization the opportunity to improve safety.
Management gives full recognition that employees are our most valuable resource.
Management handles such emergencies in their stride.
Management has a big impact on productivity and profit.
Management has a certain number of days to respond to the grievance.
Management has a clear and credible plan to achieve that growth.
Management has a duty at law to investigate claims of sex harassment.
Management has a fundamental responsibility to help every sales person be successful.
Management has a good track record.
Management has a lot of flexibility, and concentrates on fast growing small and midsized firms.
Management has a much greater impact on the environmental than do animal numbers.
Management has a really realistic and yet focused vision of where they want to go.
Management has a responsibility to deal with personal harassment as an employee performance issue.
Management has a responsibility to get directly involved without delay.
Management has a responsibility to protect it.
Management has a responsibility to provide a safe work environment.
Management has a strong impact on workplace culture.
Management has a strong influence on the success of any business.
Management has a strong vested interest in keeping unions out of the microelectronics industry.
Management has a tendency to mention many of the positives and few of the negatives.
Management has a vested interest in maintaining the status quo .
Management has an excellent, aggressive track record.
Management has an in-depth understanding and expertise in education, marketing, and the Internet.
Management has an open-door policy and encourages participation in all aspects of decision making.
Management has an opportunity to respond to each of the recommendations.
Management has at least two objectives.
Management has contacts with several English language schools.
Management has effects.
Management has extensive background in business, coaching, and conducting sports programs.
Management has forever after retained influence over vast sums of employee benefit money.
Management has goals.
Management has limited ability to monitor productivity.
Management has little or no control and many processes are manual in nature.
Management has more direct control over some cash flows than others.
Management has negative effects.
Management has no decision to make.
Management has no obligation to negotiate with a representative.
Management has no obligation to reassign employees for hardship reasons.
Management has plenty of work to do in keeping things on track.
Management has primary goals.
Management has regulary brought in top experts to direct various stages of development.
Management has some control over what kind of genes flow into and out of a herd.
Management has some revenue and production data, but it is incomplete.
Management has the ability and right to view employees' Email.
Management has the ability and right to view employees' e-mail.
Management has the discretion of toy approval to ensure the safety of all pool users.
Management has the discretion to allow flexible work scheduling to accommodate voting employees.
Management has the discretion to determine whether additional logging is necessary.
Management has the discretion to remove anyone due to inexcusable behavior.
Management has the flexibility to release the pilot from duty for the remainder of the day.
Management has the only key.
Management has the option to rank the suggestions and questions.
Management has the prerogative to select at any of the three grade levels.
Management has the prerogative to select at either grade level.
Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process.
Management has the responsibility of final approval and implementation of faculty qualifications.
Management has the responsibility to assure quiet enjoyment of the premises.
Management has the responsibility to enforce the load limit.
Management has the responsibility to provide adequate staffing.
Management has the responsibility to safeguard all duplicate key envelopes.
Management has the right and the responsibility to represent the staff and the organization.
Management has the right to a doctor's note after three days of sick leave.
Management has the right to alter or cancel promotions without notice.
Management has the right to assign duties.
Management has the right to decide to sell a plant unilaterally.
Management has the right to exchange horse for any reason with another horse.
Management has the right to restrict guest passes during crowded periods.
Management has the time to do whatever they want.
Management has to be close to the players.
Management has to build trust through it actions.
Management has to change, to become based upon delivery.
Management has to deal with screamers all day long.
Management has to decide the accounting method to use.
Management has to do what's right for the company.
Management has to do with flexibility, give and take, diplomacy and practical political skills.
Management has to follow up by managing employees in ways that capitalize on their characteristics.
Management has to hire more than one individual to make things work.
Management has to justify why they used the lower figure.
Management has to listen to what employees are saying.
Management has to pay constant attention to the ambience and the balance between work and home.
Management has to play a scramble game now.
Management has to take the blame.
Management has tools, primarily from accounting.
Management has two choices.
Management has up to two weeks to adjust points due to malfunctions or card-reader errors.
Management has yet to respond to our proposal.
Management have the best interests of all staff at heart when decisions are made.
Management helps Felder in that task.
Management helps usage.
Management here is cheerful, helpful, realistic and more understanding.
Management here is defined as content-based information indexing, browsing and retrieving.
Management highlights members of our board of directors and management team.
Management hopes they can convince but they can ultimately order someone to go.
Management hopes to sell shares directly to the public without an underwriter.
Management implies many activities.
Management implies stewardship of an asset, orderly, structured, tightly controlled.
Management includes a high energy diet with adequate protein intake.
Management includes anticoagulants, especially anti-platelet medications such as aspirin.
Management includes appropriate antibiotic treatment in cases of infection and surgical removal.
Management includes beaver control, cooperative farming and moist soil management.
Management includes chemotherapy.
Management Includes consulting and business development.
Management includes controlling blood pressure.
Management includes diagnosis, prognosis, treatment, referral, and discharge.
Management includes direction and control over the use of the directives.
Management includes health promotion, health maintenance, and health restoration.
Management includes increasing the cardiac output and preventing cerebral edema.
Management includes medication, change in diet, and a constant supply of fresh water.
Management includes microsurgery and endoscopic surgery where appropriate.
Management includes monitoring, nest site protection and erection of artificial nest platforms.
Management includes nutritional management and avoidance of fasting hypoglycemia.
Management includes predator control.
Management includes prescribed burns, brushing, and removal of exotic plants.
Management includes prescribed burns, brushing, and removal of exotic species.
Management includes putting up artificial nesting structures to provide secure nesting.
Management includes such approaches as speech therapy, occupational therapy, and physical therapy.
Management includes supportive care and treatment of hyperkeratosis and skin barrier dysfunction.
Management includes the application of in-furrow fungicides and seed treatments to reduce disease.
Management includes the largest anesthesiology group in Florida.
Management includes training, maintenance of list of card custodians , and approving managers .
Management includes use of partially resistant hybrids, crop rotation, and tillage.
Management includes use of the usual acute migraine medications, such as the triptans.
Management includes weed control in the first years of new plantings.
Management includes yearlong, seasonal, and emergency closures.
Management increases possibility.
Management increasingly views the internal audit function as a highly effective management tool.
Management influences on fruit weight.
Management informs contractor and employees of hazards present at the facility.
Management initiates the sharing with a planned agenda and works toward a free-flowing conversation.
Management insists it's just a temporary cash shortage caused by trouble keeping up with demand.
Management insists the problems are all due to poor skiing conditions.
Management intends to achieve growth through aggressive marketing.
Management intends to hold the stock for the long term.
Management intends to implement all three ideas.
Management intends to mitigate renal damage.
Management intends to perform further evaluation of the cost variances.
Management intends to raise some money, but at higher stock prices.
Management investigates a contractor's safety and health record as one of the bidding criteria.
Management involves both ease of use and flexibility in fine-tuning a variety of services.
Management involves controlling behaviours and making stress more consistent.
Management involves coping with complexity, while leadership involves coping with change.
Management involves correcting and maintaining hydration and avoiding prolonged periods of fasting.
Management involves decision making and setting up systems to implement policy.
Management involves emergently securing an airway by intubation or formal tracheostomy.
Management involves first planning and budgeting .
Management involves helping the child achieve maximum potential in growth and development.
Management involves interrupting the parasite's life cycle.
Management involves longitudinal care relationships.
Management involves planning, organizing, directing and controlling the business.
Management involves planting resistant cultivars and planting pathogen free seed.
Management involves priorities and groups.
Management involves specific results under specific conditions.
Management involves staff members in shaping changes for implementation.
Management involves support until the dextran is excreted.
Management involves treatment of acute bleeding complications and immunosuppression therapy.
Management involves treatment of the underlying cause.
Management is a better word than treatment.
Management is a big point of contention.
Management is a bit more lenient about show taping policy, however.
Management is a breeze.
Management is a broad term and includes many disciplines and skill sets.
Management is a broad-based skill that becomes increasingly important as one's career advances.
Management is a complex yet interesting area to study.
Management is a computer software company, specialising in computer graphics.
Management is a core component of any in-field sensor network.
Management is a critical component in the success of any venture.
Management is a culturally-dependent function.
Management is a definite strong point.
Management is a different skill.
Management is a different story.
Management is a discipline where subjectivity plays a basic part.
Management is a function of position, but leadership isn t.
Management is a high goal for professional development and competency of the social worker.
Management is a key success factor in any closely held business.
Management is a learned set of skills.
Management is a learned skill.
Management is a long-term objective.
Management is a lot of work for a very long shot.
Management is a misnomer.
Management is a much more subjective ability than technical expertise.
Management is a natural career path for pharmacists.
Management is a necessary evil.
Management is a never-ending task taken on by a few dedicated volunteers.
Management is a new name.
Management is a plus.
Management is a real challenge.
Management is a science and an art, and often viewed as a necessary evil in law firms.
Management is a second component that s critical.
Management is a similar story.
Management is a skill - and like any other skill it comes with experience and practice.
Management is a skill.
Management is a social application of negentropy.
Management is a special kind of leadership in which achieving organizational goals is paramount.
Management is a suffocating practice that is all about doing things right .
Management is a very important criterion.
Management is a vital responsibility and a full time job.
Management is able to deal with real-time problems with a much more structured and targeted process.
Management is about arranging and telling.
Management is about caring for the success of each employee as they make their way in our business.
Management is about copying and managing the status quo.
Management is about creating successful employees.
Management is about efficiency.
Management is about making choices the right choices, sometimes the hard choices.
Management is about managing business risks.
Management is about obtaining results primarily through people.
Management is about sharing the same fighting spirit.
Management is about the structure of the organization and info for scientists.
Management is about understanding people.
Management is accessible, which promotes a feeling of mutual respect and motivates the employees.
Management is accomplished through a command line or browser interface.
Management is accountable for the success or failure of application system actions.
Management is achieved through crop rotations and tillage to bury crop residue.
Management is active and leads by action.
Management is administration.
Management is advised of potential issues either as they arise or in intermitted informal meetings.
Management is alerted.
Management is all about organizing a wide diversity of business functions to meet customer needs.
Management is aloof and quiet.
Management is already extremely self-conscious.
Management is also a key concern.
Management is also almost universal in application.
Management is also concerned with user application support functions.
Management is also convinced the program has contributed to a reduction in staff turnover.
Management is also key, according to industry experts.
Management is also responsible for distributing the minutes to management representatives.
Management is also separate from ownership.
Management is also the key to increasing water use efficiency.
Management is also the poor and neglected son of standards committees.
Management is always a biggy.
Management is always an issue in any company.
Management is always available to discuss any customer problems or suggestions.
Management is always available to respond to any and all issues that concern our clients.
Management is always frustrated in trying to educate people about new procedures and protocol.
Management is always important in disease prevention.
Management is always involved.
Management is an accurate term to apply to the proper disposition of waste.
Management is an action-oriented profession.
Management is an art that demands professionalism.
Management is an art that is based on some well established and some still evolving theory.
Management is an enabler.
Management is an entirely different career from that of the individual contributor in science.
Management is an existing degree program with opportunities for innovation and development.
Management is an important function in construction.
Management is an important part of the overall program.
Management is an input as well as a process.
Management is an interdisciplinary science that takes concepts from all the social sciences.
Management is an interdisciplinary science which is a merger of all social sciences.
Management is an ongoing and long term commitment.
Management is an ongoing cost.
Management is an unpredictable job, and it has good days and bad days.
Management is another area entirely.
Management is another important section.
Management is as above while awaiting trained personnel for sedation and intubation.
Management is as important as medication.
Management is as important as the use of drugs in controlling and treating disease.
Management is as old as civilized man.
Management is at a loss concerning what they can do differently.
Management is aware that the staff are now likely to invoke the grievance procedure.
Management is based on a combination of farming, ranching and direct cropping of wild adults.
Management is based on annual quota specifications.
Management is based on business principles defined by the marketplace.
Management is based on correction of hypoxemia and hypotension.
Management is based on discipline.
Management is based upon presence or absence of significant occlusive disease of the carotid artery.
Management is basically left up to the user, so network administrators can expect headaches.
Management is best that values people highest.
Management is blameless.
Management is both an art and a science.
Management is broad, it's now, it's unique to Canada.
Management is bullish.
Management is by a committee which includes parents and parish members.
Management is by careful endoscopic surveillance for colonic dysplasia and prophylactic colectomy.
Management is by far the deciding factor in applying for an issue.
Management is by open surgery.
Management is clearly the culprit for allowing low standards.
Management is committed to an open process without reprisal.
Management is committed to expanded recruitment and outreach programs.
Management is committed to high quality and food safety.
Management is committed to it and so are the employees.
Management is committed to making things happen in the organization.
Management is committed to providing technological support.
Management is committed to providing the necessary information to enable efficient decision making.
Management is completely customizable, allowing for controlled system lockdown.
Management is concentrated on efficient production from forages while controlling overhead costs.
Management is concerned with the activity of the merchandise inventory.
Management is conducted by general partner X from a New York location.
Management is considered by line staff to be an expense.
Management is considered capable with extensive trust-related experience.
Management is content.
Management is continual work, just like growing the crop or feeding the livestock.
Management is control.
Management is controlled by a board of directors who are elected by the members.
Management is cordial and efficient.
Management is critical to any company's success.
Management is critical to long-term success.
Management is critical, as the disease can reduce grain size as well as grain yield.
Management is critical.
Management is currently in the process of automating their inventory records.
Management is defined above.
Management is delighted with the fresh air and positive comments from customers.
Management is delighted with the results.
Management is dependent on the fracture type.
Management is described in practical terms so that it can be applied to the individual patient.
Management is directed at maintaining cardiac function, treating the cause and minimizing sequelae.
Management is directed toward alleviating the underlying cause of ascites and reducing symptoms.
Management is directed toward avoiding the complications of infection or excessive blood loss.
Management is directed towards the underlying disease.
Management is directly responsible and accountable for preventing accidents, injuries and illnesses.
Management is discussed in general and the author's theory is contemplated.
Management is done at a national level.
Management is done with web browser.
Management is empiric, since the etiology is unknown.
Management is encouraged to assist employees seeking such counseling.
Management is engaged in the process of educating employees about healthy lifestyles.
Management is entirely individual.
Management is equ- ally extensive in mainland Europe.
Management is equally important.
Management is equipped to plan proactively and make timely adjustments as market conditions change.
Management is equity motivated and projects are outsourced using experienced industry experts.
Management is especially important prior to the time the foal is weaned.
Management is essential during years when weevil infestations are high.
Management is even more critical in transactions that involve disparate systems.
Management is everything.
Management is evil, and the popular wrestler is made to perform Herculean tasks.
Management is examined from both a process and system perspective.
Management is excellent and has met difficult challenges before.
Management is excellent.
Management is excited about the coming year.
Management is excluded from union membership.
Management is exercised by the general partners, with the limited partners as passive investors.
Management is expensive.
Management is experienced and committed.
Management is extended through all the layers of the network.
Management is extraordinarily capable, and that has been reflected in the company's results.
Management is faced with a barrage of conflicting issues.
Management is faced with an opportunity blowing on a dangerous wind.
Management is focused on speed and effeciency.
Management is focussed on building shareholder value.
Management is forced to demand more of union workers.
Management is forced to rely upon multiple processes to control access to data.
Management is free to ignore the committee.
Management is frequently at the agents' option.
Management is friendly and offers periodic discounts by mail.
Management is friendly and the neighborhood is top drawer.
Management is generally awful.
Management is generally satisfied when a physical root has been resolved.
Management is generally supportive.
Management is glad to meet consumer needs.
Management is great.
Management is hampered by an overall lack of information from surveying.
Management is happy about the time savings.
Management is hard to do in scale.
Management is hard work.
Management is highly skilled at maximizing profits and generating shareholder value.
Management is hobbled, too.
Management is important in our society today.
Management is important in the control of brown spot.
Management is important to all organizations and is a dynamic and often fast changing field.
Management is important to the success of a team effort.
Management is improved through strategic planning.
Management is in place.
Management is in the hands of a committee of lay trustees.
Management is in the process of resolving noted exceptions.
Management is in tune with the hourly worker, and vice versa.
Management is in turmoil.
Management is incompetent.
Management is incomplete unless normal diaphragmatic breathing is re-educated.
Management is inept and incompetent.
Management is insecure and so are the employees.
Management is intent on decreasing production times and improving efficiency even further.
Management is interested in getting the product to market as fast as possible.
Management is interested in much more than just training hours or bottom line training costs.
Management is interested in seeing quantifiable results.
Management is involved in an effective annual auditing program.
Management is involved in goal setting.
Management is just another job.
Management is just people working and trying and doing their best.
Management is key, get it right, hire the best management team.
Management is knowledgeable about issues and helps educate others.
Management is labor.
Management is largely supportive.
Management is left entirely to the landowner, within the limits of the easement.
Management is left in a reactive, defensive mode.
Management is liable for protecting company business continuity.
Management is like riding a horse.
Management is likely to take note of such commitment and selflessness in a time of reorganization.
Management is limited and often appointed.
Management is limited to a ban on fishing in the lagoon by the expatriate fish collector.
Management is limited to the minor league team instead of the major team.
Management is long-term goal.
Management is made difficult, in many cases, by insufficient information on the ecosystems involved.
Management is made easier due to the reduction of gopher mounds.
Management is made easy through a command line or browser interface.
Management is male dominated.
Management is management is management.
Management is management.
Management is more aggressive, less intimate.
Management is more experienced and smarter.
Management is more like trying to mimic what comes naturally.
Management is more than just discipline however.
Management is more willing to listen to workers.
Management is most concerned with training evaluation on a broad-scale organizational level.
Management is most likely concerned with the risks of high or medium likelihood.
Management is necessary in order to protect urban elms.
Management is necessary, but too much never solved any problem.
Management is needed every year to keep some open water.
Management is Needed in Our Public Schools.
Management is needed to design and manage events for all populations.
Management is never easy.
Management is next.
Management is non-responsive.
Management is now guilty until proven innocent.
Management is obligated to respond.
Management is of quite high standard, well organized and users-friendly.
Management is off the hook.
Management is offered day, evening, and in weekend college.
Management is often dependent on the preference of the cardiologist and surgeon.
Management is often much happier too, when efficiency swings upward.
Management is often poor, and amazingly little is known about which volunteer programs really work.
Management is often unaware of what the unwritten rules are.
Management is on an annual contractual basis.
Management is one area where performance is the prime determinant.
Management is one issue.
Management is one of the appropriate application subject groupings possible.
Management is one of the few tools that can help.
Management is one of the most important elements for web site success.
Management is only one element.
Management is on-site and all payments are to the on site management.
Management is open to looking at some of the options listed.
Management is open to the idea but wants to absorb the Valley effort before taking on another.
Management is operative with immediate and repetitive surgical debridements as needed.
Management is optimistic on the outlook for the gold price.
Management is optimistic, but investors are reminded to be cautious in evaluating future results.
Management is our focus.
Management is our only client.
Management is our partner in creating value.
Management is out to scotch the deadly heresy that prices and profits are the public's business.
Management is outside the scope of emergency medicine.
Management is palliative with urinary diversion via percutaneous suprapubic cystostomy.
Management is part of another hierarchy that includes supervision, management and leadership.
Management is part of companies.
Management is perceived as being dishonest with employees.
Management is performed by the partners.
Management is performed with a great Web interface.
Management is phenomenal.
Management Is Prediction teaches the rational steps to expert management.
Management is prepared to face the continued challenge.
Management is presented as a discipline and a process.
Management is presented as a discipline and as a process.
Management is presented as a discipline as well as a process.
Management is primarily medical and consists of drugs such as lithium.
Management is proactive with effective communication across the team.
Management is professional but very formal.
Management is proven and deep.
Management is provided with comprehensive reports within minutes after they are requested.
Management is provided with sufficient information to monitor rental trends and profitability.
Management is quite cheap about stupid things.
Management is quite simply a strict gluten-free diet for life.
Management is recognized as a specialty skill.
Management is refocused -and is very astute.
Management is represented by management areas, which categorize specific types of coordination.
Management is required to meet with employee delegates at least monthly.
Management is respectful of the workers, so to speak.
Management is responsbile for providing a safe workplace.
Management is responsible for a company's financial statements.
Management is responsible for a company''s success or failure.
Management is responsible for assigning duties and responsibilities to a position.
Management is responsible for developing business and manufacturing processes that work error-free.
Management is responsible for establishing effective controls.
Management is responsible for finances, management, personnel affairs and computing.
Management is responsible for implementing the Emergency Action Plans.
Management is responsible for knowing each group's capabilities and each individual's talents.
Management is responsible for maintaining an adequate system of internal control.
Management is responsible for moving the process forward.
Management is responsible for organizing the elements of productive enterprise.
Management is responsible for presenting publicly available financial information.
Management is responsible for preventing injuries.
Management is responsible for producing quality products, services, and systems.
Management is responsible for providing the financial statements.
Management is responsible for safeguarding assets and reporting accurate financial data.
Management is responsible for securing the building.
Management is responsible for setting up and maintaining an adequate system of internal controls.
Management is responsible for taking corrective action on reported audit findings.
Management is responsible for the integrity and objectivity of the financial statements.
Management is responsible for the internal control procedures it establishes.
Management is responsible to arrange organizational conditions.
Management is responsible to implement and maintain processes and systems for patient safety.
Management is responsible to take action and establish control measures to prevent recurrence.
Management is responsible to the board.
Management is restricted to enhancing wildlife.
Management is right smack in the middle of a turnaround.
Management is ruthless as ever.
Management is ruthless with acquisitions.
Management is ruthless.
Management is said to want to go to arbitration.
Management is satisfied that the restructure programme is progressing as planned.
Management is shocked.
Management is similar to that of acute intermittent porphyria .
Management is similar to that of ordinary asthma.
Management is skeptical of buying any more test tools, based on their past poor performance.
Management is sober and mature.
Management is social control
Management is social control.
Management is sometimes irrational about delivery dates.
Management is stable and perhaps a bit conservative.
Management is stressful work.
Management is supportive.
Management is supposed to do and the board is supposed to advise.
Management is sympathetic to the career goals and needs of the co-worker.
Management is symptomatic and supportive.
Management is tailored to the individual patient.
Management is taught, leadership is learned.
Management is teleological in nature.
Management is the activity of facing and solving problems.
Management is the actual control exerted over people, activities and resources.
Management is the answer.
Management is the cook.
Management is the core of education in business.
Management is the driving force behind success.
Management is the essential function to produce viability to produce life.
Management is the force responsible for directing organizations toward goals or objectives.
Management is the foundation of the study of business organizations.
Management is the key to new enterprises that make it.
Management is the key to pollution control when operating animal facilities.
Management is the key to success.
Management is the key to successful composting.
Management is the key to successful establishment and persistence.
Management is the key tool to profitability.
Management is the key word in our name and in our philosophy.
Management is the key.
Management is the leading cause of low productivity.
Management is the most important element assessed by money sources.
Management is the most important element for success of an invention.
Management is the next step.
Management Is the oversight and design of the elements and mechanisms discussed above and below.
Management is the preserve of a distinct class of professionals whose only job is to manage.
Management is the process involving efforts to bring about an effective utilization of resources.
Management is the process of accomplishing goals, or sets of goals, with and through other people.
Management is the process of coordinating various resources to achieve organizational objectives.
Management is the process of getting activities done efficiently with and through other people.
Management is the process of planning, organizing, directing, and controlling the business.
Management is the process of working with and through people to achieve organizational goals.
Management is the second creation.
Management is the single attribute of the company that is most important to investors.
Management is the single most important factor in retention.
Management is the skill of completing the job.
Management is the spine around which all the rest takes shape.
Management is the work of executive leadership.
Management is then to maximize the firm's value for the stockholders' benefit.
Management is therefore more likely to request a proposal based on the comment.
Management is three-tiered, with shareholders choosing directors, who choose executives.
Management is three-tiered, with shareholders choosing directors, who in turn choose executives.
Management is through Trustees.
Management is tired of programs and procedures.
Management is tired of reading about the same audit issues in report after report.
Management is to startups as location is to real estate.
Management is tolerant of risk-taking.
Management is too important to have poor grounding.
Management is top shelf and runs their operation very professionally.
Management is totally irresponsible in seeing that health and safety requirements are observed.
Management is totally unreceptive to input and ideas for improvement.
Management is treated as a secular function, a second-class ministry.
Management is ultimately responsible for proper internal controls.
Management is unable to sustain a competitive advantage.
Management is under a legal obligation to act in the best interest of the stockholders.
Management is undertaken throughout the Central South and London.
Management is unusually personable and helpful.
Management is useless, poor and simple.
Management is usually hospital admission and close observation for any complications.
Management is usually impatient.
Management is usually much broader in scope than leadership.
Management is usually necessary to keep grasslands productive.
Management is variable depending upon degree and response to treatment.
Management is variable.
Management is very important in war time nutrition and can secure the objectives.
Management is very positive to the future growth prospects in the Swedish and Danish markets.
Management is very proactive and has made strides to improve conditions at the facility.
Management is very top-heavy.
Management is via a Web-based interface.
Management is viewed as a discipline and as a process.
Management is vital .
Management is vital for herd prevention and control.
Management is vital.
Management is well connected in the industry.
Management is what converts projections into reality.
Management is what management does.
Management is what's wrong with the business.
Management is where everything is under control.
Management is with stimulating antidepressants, cerebral stimulants, and amantidine.
Management is young and aggressive.
Management is, however, proposing alternative training programs in Thailand and India.
Management is, of course, opposed to all such proxy proposals on principle.
Management is, perhaps, problem solving and decision making.
Management isa event.
Management issues a clear charge to the group.
Management keep asking.
Management keeps changing the golf course.
Management keeps employees informed on what's going on.
Management keeps it together en route to the vision.
Management keeps right on abusing the worker .
Management knows a good value on the market.
Management knows all to well the power of political and legislative involvement.
Management knows nothing about new technology.
Management knows the stock is cheap.
Management knows the value of keeping core people together.
Management knows what improvements are likely to yield the greatest gains in quality.
Management knows who the spy is and wants to send bad information to that spy.
Management lacks long-term commitment.
Management lacks the relevant management skills.
Management leads by example.
Management Leads the agency in the implementation of newly legislated resources protection acts.
Management leads the project.
Management leads to seven-digit salaries and power.
Management learns how to develop and provide clear communication of goals.
Management leaves something to be desired also.
Management Let's say a small business is selling widgets.
Management likes it because it is more along the lines of traditional planning.
Management likes shakers and movers, and they are invariably the ones who end up getting promoted.
Management likes the way players take care of themselves today.
Management likes to be on top of things.
Management likes to say it is in the stay page business rather than the usual Internet go to mode.
Management listens to their input and implements whatever they can of the members' requests.
Management Lives explores the meaning of work, industry and society.
Management lives off that.
Management lives on site.
Management lives on the premises.
Management Look for underlying disease.
Management looks at every aspect of an employee, and time management is a big factor.
Management looks at what happened historically and hopes to meet that or do better.
Management loves the new statistical realities of quality for two reasons.
Management loves to play the same game with school boards and teachers unions.
Management loves to wield control despite all their claims about shared decision making and trust.
Management loves to wield control despite all their claims about shared decision-making and trust.
Management maintains a continuous and legally accountable presence.
Management maintains appropriate systems of internal control.
Management maintains that no change is in the works.
Management make decisions relying on the information they received.
Management Make the patient comfortable.
Management Make two applications of chlorothalonil.
Management makes a recommendation on each item put to shareholder vote.
Management makes all final decisions.
Management makes all the decisions at the top, then sends down information to the workers.
Management makes all the difference.
Management makes certain implicit assertions about the information contained in the statements.
Management makes corrections.
Management makes decisions without delay.
Management makes final decision on coupon usage.
Management makes follow recommendations.
Management makes recommendations.
Management makes some assertion and the acting firm attests to that assertion.
Management makes the final determination.
Management matters most.
Management means making decisions and controlling systems to achieve desired ends.
Management means setting priorities and goals.
Management means the chief executive officer or that person's delegate or delegates.
Management means the creation of common goal and value basis for the organisation.
Management means to bring about, to accomplish, to have charge of or responsibility for, to conduct.
Management measures the wrong things.
Management meets informally with aggrieved residents to listen to the grievances.
Management monitors individual workload on a daily basis.
Management monitors the nature and type of electronic inquiries and responses.
Management needs a quantitive means of assessing the quaility of the ergonomics program.
Management needs expert advice and counsel now .
Management needs fast, accurate and timely information in order to make strategic adjustments.
Management needs help in getting their message out to the community.
Management needs skills.
Management needs superb human relations skills to diffuse pressure.
Management needs timely and fact-based data for decision making and strategic development.
Management needs to allow their support staff to make some basic judgement calls.
Management needs to be changed.
Management needs to be held accountable for meeting budgets.
Management needs to be minimized and mission maximized.
Management needs to be much more results-oriented.
Management needs to be open, evolving and adaptive.
Management needs to be tilted toward protecting weak stocks.
Management needs to be very knowledgeable about the industry.
Management needs to be watched better so special funds really go to special funds .
Management needs to better support the accomplishment of mandates established by the Member States.
Management needs to devise systems to move materials while reducing the overall number of lifts.
Management needs to do a better job of instilling morals and values in their employees.
Management needs to ensure every employee takes safety seriously.
Management needs to establish file content standards and develop a monitoring schedule.
Management needs to focus on the CORE business.
Management needs to give the kind of consistent support that encourages employee involvement.
Management needs to keep an eye on grounds employees.
Management needs to keep an eye out for repetitive sick calls.
Management needs to know how to foster and respond to creativity.
Management needs to know where the best processes are and where the worst processes are.
Management needs to know which is best to apply to the issue in question.
Management needs to lead by example.
Management needs to learn the lesson of mutual respect.
Management needs to provide consistency, clarity, positive reinforcement, and the proper tools.
Management needs to react.
Management needs to realize the potential of people who feel appreciated.
Management needs to relate the progress of each component individually as well as collectively.
Management needs to reward good corporate citizenship and project integration.
Management needs to run the enterprise in the interests of all partners 'past, present and future'.
Management needs to see measurement as a learning tool, related to both objectives and key results.
Management needs to select criteria that can be monitored and linked to employee incentives.
Management needs to set clear goals and objectives for the telecommuters.
Management needs to stay committed to the process and set the behavior example.
Management needs to stop depending on the delusional belief that the herd knows where it is going.
Management needs to support team effort.
Management needs to support, mentor and sponsor the investigation of new ideas.
Management needs to take an active role in establishing a program.
Management needs to take the steps outlined in the sidebar.
Management needs to take time to regularly compare performance to plans.
Management needs to think about long-term consequences when contemplating safety budget cuts.
Management needs to truly honour and value what they contribute.
Management needs to trust their employees.
Management needs to underscore the importance of recycling.
Management needs to understand and use effective test concepts when managing testers.
Management needs, if any, are unknown.
Management Never allow ram lambs and mature rams to run together in breeding pens.
Management never seems to learn to follow the contract.
Management normally uses internal staff to conduct self-assessments.
Management notes that the reflexology scheme has many applicants and functions well.
Management now includes a fall harvest to keep the herds within the carrying capacity of the range.
Management now requires more than technical knowledge.
Management observes safety rules.
Management obviously has a goal for the season.
Management obviously have an new job.
Management occurs in all organizations, regardless of size.
Management offers a challenging field with unlimited opportunities in a variety of areas.
Management offers Spanish lessons free to interested employees.
Management only listens to brute strength.
Management opposes the following proposals for the reasons stated after the proposals.
Management ought to figure out a way to provide the service to consumers on the week-end.
Management overhead is reduced if only one mail protocol is supported.
Management oversees the logging operation.
Management owing workers' wages is also very common.
Management owns the balance of the shareholding.
Management packages to suit individual needs, either for private use or charter.
Management participates within the workforce to maintain the highest quality performance possible.
Management paves the path, keeps the troops on schedule and on the road.
Management pays for water, sewer, trash removal and snow removal.
Management performing represented work violates our Contract and threatens our job security.
Management performs all sales tax collection and remittance.
Management performs various analyses to evaluate the net realizable value of accounts receivable.
Management periodically evaluates the recoverability of intangible assets.
Management picks management representatives and employees determine employee representatives.
Management picks up where the initial training sessions leave off.
Management plans capital improvement projects and timetables for implementation.
Management plans to pursue merger negotiations with any suitable prospective candidate.
Management plans to reflect an acceptance of a certain amount of stock impact.
Management plans to regularly review our progress towards achieving our budget goals and objectives.
Management plans to use non-union staff to operate the casino during the strike.
Management plays a key role in determining the animal's performance for a given reproductive trait.
Management plays all sorts of games.
Management plays crucial roles.
Management plays major roles.
Management plays roles.
Management pledges to do business with integrity and honesty, expecting the same from staff members.
Management policies Different types of cattle are optimal under different management alternatives.
Management practices what they preach.
Management prefers to fund expansion through available means, thereby protecting investor equity.
Management prefers to use games such as 'spreadsheet' for the same purpose.
Management prepares a response to the recommendations.
Management prepares the student for careers in public and private organizations.
Management presumes different responsibilities for players playing higher limits.
Management primarily involves avoiding the food in question and having a plan if exposure occurs.
Management probably keeps a couple of spare Bernese mountain dogs on hand for slow periods.
Management processes to ensure that access permissions are maintained and enforced.
Management processes to focus on reducing broken rail numbers.
Management Provide good drainage and avoid excessive nitrogen fertilization.
Management provides a sufficient degree of support for the team.
Management provides a workplace that is safe, healthy and drug free.
Management provides an introduction to designing building and maintaining a data warehouse.
Management provides an introduction to designing, building, and maintaining a data warehouse.
Management provides daily bus service to the shopping area across the road.
Management provides general education on waste issues and program goals.
Management Provides links to electronic resources in all areas of management.
Management Provides new people and fresh ideas to stimulate the organization.
Management provides sufficient time, training and dollars to promote quality improvement.
Management provides the continuity and long-term view while worker bees can come and go.
Management provides the information and communication hub between the other players.
Management provides the right environment.
Management publicly agrees but privately thinks the consultant is crying wolf.
Management publicly rewards the pastiest programmer who repeatedly puts in eighty hour weeks.
Management pushes the sales department to get more contracts from more customers.
Management questions their capability, and believes in outsiders rather than insiders.
Management ranges from command line to HTML-based remote access.
Management reads, reviews, and responds to every feedback card.
Management realizes that customer loyalty and success drives our growth.
Management really understands reports.
Management receives a bonus over and above profits from sales to push a particular brand.
Management receives full reporting.
Management receives three times annual salary including bonuses.
Management recognizes that accidents and injuries are best eliminated by eliminating the causes.
Management recognizes that labor is really in charge.
Management recognizes the importance of personal and family life.
Management recommends prompt inquires due to limited room availability and high demand.
Management reduces cost.
Management Reducing morbidity and mortality is the main goal in hypertension management.
Management refers to access, but also to distribution and maintenance.
Management refers to the everyday practices, policies, and processes that run university life.
Management reflects the high recreation and scenic values with high use issues.
Management reflects the high recreation and scenic values, with high use issues.
Management refuses negotiations.
Management refuses to honor our union contract or to negotiate in good faith.
Management refuses to meet with tenant representatives and communication breaks down even further.
Management refuses to negotiate on their weekends.
Management regrets the error.
Management regularly review the list of all active and inactive users.
Management regularly reviews assets to determine proper valuation.
Management relies on coercion and force to accomplish tasks and objectives.
Management relies on the knowledge of the individuals who perform the function.
Management relies on timely and comprehensive financial reports and data.
Management remains committed to maintaining the appropriate capital structure for the company.
Management remains in place.
Management remains key.
Management Remove by brushing, mowing, or washing the turf.
Management reports .
Management reports document and track all cash receipts and verification activity.
Management reports for better control of operation.
Management reports higher than industry returns on equity, investment, and assets.
Management reports on fund balances are adequate, but more reports are needed.
Management reports that all managed care contracts are profitable on a total cost basis.
Management reports, caseload analysis, calendar, and more.
Management reports, maps, market surveys and newsletters.
Management requests that all vessels keep their area clean.
Management requires applications.
Management requires approaches.
Management requires attention.
Management requires awareness.
Management requires complicate procedures.
Management requires consensus.
Management requires consideration.
Management requires cooperation.
Management requires insecticide applications.
Management requires integrate approaches.
Management requires knowledge of how societies and workers adapt to technological change.
Management requires knowledge.
Management requires modification.
Management requires more attention.
Management requires more than facts and procedures, case histories, and problems.
Management requires more than intellectual discourse.
Management requires new approaches.
Management requires procedures.
Management requires statistics.
Management requires the involvement by our district manager.
Management requires treatment of the underlying condition and antifungal therapy.
Management reserve the right of admission.
Management reserve the right to ask a park patron to leave the beach area when rules are violated.
Management reserves the exclusive right to manage the affairs and operations of state government.
Management reserves the right of entry.
Management reserves the right to assign riders to appropriate classes.
Management reserves the right to block out certain dates.
Management reserves the right to close lifts and runs for skier's safety.
Management reserves the right to combine lots.
Management reserves the right to combine, divide, or cancel classes.
Management reserves the right to conduct security searches to ensure the safety of patrons.
Management reserves the right to decide or ride is forfeited.
Management reserves the right to deny service.
Management reserves the right to designate a health care provider when appropriate.
Management reserves the right to determine acceptable attire.
Management reserves the right to determine minimum occupancy rate.
Management reserves the right to edit or refuse entries.
Management reserves the right to enter all rooms to verify registered occupancy.
Management reserves the right to final determination of any complimentaries or airfare.
Management reserves the right to inspect any dormitory room at their discretion.
Management reserves the right to invalidate any coupon.
Management reserves the right to invite a limited number of guest artists to exhibit each year.
Management reserves the right to make program or schedule changes if required, without obligation.
Management reserves the right to make syllabus changes when appropriate.
Management reserves the right to make temporary assignments to detailed employees.
Management reserves the right to nless otherwise specified.
Management reserves the right to refuse admission and control occupancy.
Management reserves the right to refuse admission to patrons deemed inappropriately attired.
Management reserves the right to refuse any person or persons.
Management reserves the right to refuse entry to any person.
Management reserves the right to refuse entry to anyone for any reason.
Management reserves the right to refuse leasing space to any vendor.
Management reserves the right to refuse or limit any bet.
Management reserves the right to refuse or limit any wager, regardless of reason.
Management reserves the right to refuse or limit any wager.
Management reserves the right to refuse posting of any advertisement.
Management reserves the right to refuse service to anyone and to terminate residency with anyone.
Management reserves the right to refuse service to anyone and to terminate tenancy with any one.
Management reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason.
Management reserves the right to refuse service to anyone.
Management reserves the right to refuse the use of login user name that users chose.
Management reserves the right to regulate and evict anyone for infraction of park rules.
Management reserves the right to reschedule to meet work needs.
Management reserves the right to revoke a pass at our discretion.
Management reserves the right to revoke admission of any person for any reason.
Management reserves the right to revoke admission.
Management reserves the right to revoke sale on any items at any time.
Management reserves the right to revoke ticket for misconduct.
Management reserves the right to schedule employees, as deemed appropriate.
Management reserves the right to select any race as a contest race.
Management reserves the right to select music programs.
Management reserves the right to substitute, change, or withdraw offers at any time.
Management reserves the right to terminate associates for any reason, at any time.
Management reserves the right to terminate employees for any reason, at any time.
Management reserves the right to whup ass on anyone who SPAMs the message board.
Management respects and values a positive and eager employee.
Management respects the ideas of workers, whose compensation is based on effort and results.
Management responds by hiring a notorious antiunion law firm.
Management responds immediately and throws a large switch that probably shut all power to the hotel.
Management responds more favorably to requests that include solid documentation.
Management responds timely and things are repaired correctly.
Management responds to increasing institutional ownership with higher quality disclosure.
Management responds to problems by giving social workers additional paperwork.
Management responds to reports of hazards in writing within specified time frames.
Management responds to workers request for increased safety in the workplace.
Management resumes reflecting the experience of the individuals involved in the business.
Management retain the right to slash staffing levels, risking our safety and that of the passengers.
Management retains the discretion to add to or change the duties of the position at any time.
Management retains the right to approve or deny such requests.
Management retains the right to make any changes, as it deems necessary.
Management retains the right to modify or add duties at any time.
Management retains the right to remove all unsuitable entries.
Management reviews all nominations and one deserving individual is honored.
Management reviews employee performance and signs off on work completion.
Management reviews the results monthly and focuses on yield and labor variance.
Management routinely errs on the side of performing minimum service.
Management rules the roost.
Management saves trees.
Management says at least some facilities have wheelchair access.
Management says internal matters.
Management says it is progressive, but all it can do is retreat.
Management says it was forced to implement restrictions due to government funding cutbacks.
Management says it was part of an overall reorganization.
Management says labor struggle.
Management says much of the group's growth is likely to come from exports.
Management says no.
Management says one thing, then does another.
Management says proposed Visual Basic project is insufficient.
Management says that the unions want power without having the responsibility of accountability.
Management says the action involves four nurses.
Management says the cost can be recouped in a year through operating efficiencies.
Management says the museum, rest rooms, camp store, and some trails are wheelchair-accessible.
Management says the restructuring is needed because of continuing losses and low market share.
Management says the strangest things.
Management says there are no common air ducts linking apartments.
Management see profit sharing as an ineffective control device.
Management Seek a quiet location where there is no audience.
Management Seek the best management care for all persons with thalassaemia.
Management seeks other health care providers which have clinical and reputational leadership.
Management seeks to expand crankshaft finishing capacity.
Management seems to be taking a reasonable approach.
Management seems to do that often.
Management seems to have recognized the problem.
Management seems to play the biggest role in all disease prevention programs.
Management sees that training isn t any longer about soft dollars, but hard dollars.
Management sees the member and knows the union is serious about the grievance.
Management sees worth in the work force.
Management selects a from a choice of reports to be printed.
Management sell out of nurses.
Management sends eviction notices claiming violation of lease.
Management serves the work force in the matured organization.
Management serves to support and guide, rather than direct and dominate, the actions of officers.
Management sets direction and strategy.
Management sets goals in order to attain a profit goal.
Management sets the example.
Management sets the tone and atmosphere of the club.
Management sets the tone and draws the line.
Management sets up orderly procedures for getting thinks done.
Management settles all outstanding labor disputes.
Management simply rewards workers based on subjective criteria.
Management sits on grievances for months.
Management skills a plus.
Management skills to guide and schedule and coordinate work of reporters and photographers.
Management specifies the area of consideration when a specific vacancy occurs.
Management spends little time paying attention to what suppliers or competitors are doing.
Management spins the wheel when the current improvement program loses momentum.
Management stands to lose the most if the corporation fails.
Management starts from the beginning.
Management starts scrambling around.
Management starts with people identifying problems and defining the area to be managed.
Management starts with the client.
Management stays out of it.
Management still makes the policies.
Management still wants to manage and employees still want more control and gains in status.
Management strives to uphold the show's reputation.
Management strongly encourages the sharing of ideas in collegial manner.
Management succeeds best when they model as leaders, which encourages employee leadership.
Management suggests appropriate shoeing for grass.
Management supports lowest-level decision making.
Management supports measures and becomes involved in the resolution of concerns.
Management supports the architecture team in making their decisions stick.
Management sure likes saying that.
Management takes an active interest in employees' careers from the day they arrive.
Management takes away the nurses because there's no money, and the patient suffers in the end.
Management takes no responsibility for any offense caused.
Management takes no responsibility for lost or stolen clothes.
Management takes over all work for which it is better suited than the workers.
Management takes place at the appropriate times of year, according to the site management plan.
Management teaches that excessive rules and controls are necessary to get the best out of followers.
Management teaches that followers are there for the benefit of the bosses.
Management teaches that it's best to treat everyone alike.
Management teaches that leaders are born and leadership the province of a chosen few.
Management teaches that power belongs in the hands of a few select 'leaders' at the top.
Management techniques Discussions on roles and responsibilities and relevant legislation.
Management tends to become more attentive to the small details on a company's books.
Management tends to focus on transactions and processes rather than the use of information.
Management tends to like meetings because they're the forum in which most managers' work is done.
Management then can ordinarily take whatever action it deems fitting, or none at all.
Management then decides which projects, if any, to im- plement.
Management then determines what further action is necessary.
Management then identifies the key personnel involved in the priority workflow processes.
Management therefore needs to be flexible and adaptive.
Management thinks a business trip with uncompensated mandatory weekend travel is a perk.
Management thinks everything is fine.
Management thinks they can.
Management threaten dismissal.
Management thus gets what it works toward.
Management tracks the results and allocates resources to assure success.
Management travels to Russia frequently to keep up to date with all the changes.
Management Treat the patient and all close contacts.
Management treats employees with respect.
Management tries to do everything at once.
Management truly cares about the success of the employees.
Management turns a blind eye.
Management typically assigns greater weight in the decision making process to quantitative benefits.
Management typically directs strategic improvement and sets target measures.
Management typically has some level of self-interest to protect or advance.
Management typically is supportive only, unless symptoms suggest perilymphatic fistula.
Management typically underestimates the severity of the situation, until it's too late.
Management understands concepts in terms of dollars.
Management understands that the team concept is one of the most effective forms of management.
Management undoubtedly has a perspective on the board's effectiveness.
Management uses it to feign understanding of technical issues.
Management uses layoffs to lower wages and make a quick profit.
Management uses reports to identify the volume and types of requests being made.
Management uses screens to ferret out reasonably valued stocks with momentum features.
Management uses several burdensome approaches to provide coverage for time off requests.
Management uses that information to make staffing decisions from day to day.
Management uses the matrix of information to monitor project status.
Management uses the more accurate stock data to better control in-store theft.
Management vehemently denies that they are considering workers' strike-related actions.
Management views the reduction of working time as a way to gain more flexibility.
Management views the situation from their budget, from a profits perspective.
Management waives all membership fees.
Management wants a substantial commitment of time and attention from directors.
Management wants definitive answers.
Management wants everything.
Management wants ink and air.
Management wants instant pudding.
Management wants more flexibility in assignment of staff to eliminate stagnation.
Management wants now to think of organizations as networks.
Management wants supporting financial information.
Management wants the ability to operate in clearly defined parameters.
Management wants to be certain that all employees are able to use the system.
Management wants to change the two hour rule.
Management wants to eliminate meal tickets for voluntary overtime.
Management wants to give a salary increase.
Management wants to increase electricity market share without cutting prices.
Management wants to keep the network open for customers rather than our internal use.
Management wants to know why.
Management wants to provide maximum payable rate.
Management wears white shirts and ties.
Management wields the most power because it is highest in rank.
Management wonders what response to make.
Management Works well with others in a team environment.
Managements are therefore still confident about exports.
Managements are under pressure to cut budgets and show efficiencies.
Managements build companies.
Managements can have very different interests from shareholders.
Managements comment on main reason for the campaign.
Managements have yet to learn how to make it.
Management's into the money.
Managements meet personally with the investors and a close personal relationship evolves.
Managements pay relatively little heed to shareholders.
Management always appreciates information that enhances operations.
Management Always consider drainage and soil type before planting.
Management always has an open door policy.
Management always includes local participation.
Management always reads about technology costs going down.
Management always walks a fine line when it is trying to get a team from very good to great.
Managements always focus on reason number two.
Management frequently gives up economic control of company.
Management frequently holds meetings discussing the results with staff.
Management often fears that educated employees become more valuable to other companies.
Management often includes long-term warfarin therapy following initial anticoagulation with heparin.
Management often lasts longer than leadership.
Management often needs to consider large amounts of data and to synthesize the relevant information.
Management often provides leadership and capital.
Management often requires discontinuing therapy or reducing the treatment dose.
Management often thinks humor has no place in the corporate world.
Management sometimes wants the union to support a change in the law.
Management usually aims at consistency and order whereas leadership aims at movement and change.
Management usually dumps some enormous amount of money onto the project, and wait and see.
Management usually gets what it wants.
Management usually has to change too.
Management usually improves when the unit is smaller.
Management usually involves separation from mares, if necessary, and sometimes hormone treatment.
Management usually places tight machines next to a loose one to help balance the casino payout.
Management usually serves steaks on the grill, baked potatoes and a salad bar.
All management is based on relationships, because nothing can be effected other than through people.
All management is done through a password protected web interface administration program.
All management is done via the Web browser.
All management is performed through our intuitive web-based account manager.
All management is planned, monitored, and replanned.
All management occurs through a command line interface over serial connection or telnet.
All management takes place via the network.
All management works for the shoe and then the customer.
Every management requires organization and leadership.
Many management reports in IRIS compare expenses to plans rather than budgets.
More management controls e.g. morale of the players or team overall.
Most management affects quality.
Most management considers factors.
Most management contributes to nest success.
Most management depends on factors.
Most management depends on metabolic factors.
Most management focuses on frameworks.
Most management focuses on issues.
Most management has effects.
Most management has goals.
Most management has negative effects.
Most management has primary goals.
Most management helps usage.
Most management increases possibility.
Most management is based on restricting human activities of one form or another.
Most management is directed at the adult stage.
Most management makes follow recommendations.
Most management makes recommendations.
Most management needs skills.
Most management occurs at the district level.
Most management plays crucial roles.
Most management plays major roles.
Most management plays roles.
Most management requires applications.
Most management requires approaches.
Most management requires attention.
Most management requires awareness.
Most management requires complicate procedures.
Most management requires consensus.
Most management requires consideration.
Most management requires cooperation.
Most management requires insecticide applications.
Most management requires integrate approaches.
Most management requires knowledge.
Most management requires modification.
Most management requires more attention.
Most management requires new approaches.
Most management requires procedures.
Most managements are members.
Much management is prevention, and much prevention is communication.
Some management affects characteristics.
Some management affects development.
Some management affects outcomes.
Some management approaches account for human impact.
Some management approaches account for impact.
Some management believe job analysis is to long of a process and to expensive to create.
Some management brings benefits.
Some management creates problems.
Some management ensures genetic integrity.
Some management ensures integrity.
Some management facilitates successful dispersals.
Some management focuses on bait.
Some management focuses on commercial fisheries.
Some management focuses on demographic parameters.
Some management focuses on fisheries.
Some management focuses on parameters.
Some management follows major phases.
Some management follows phases.
Some management has acceptance.
Some management has biodiversity.
Some management has tradition.
Some management impacts production.
Some management improves quality.
Some management includes actions.
Some management includes airway pressure.
Some management includes conservation.
Some management includes continuous pressure.
Some management includes conventional treatments.
Some management includes fire.
Some management includes follow tasks.
Some management includes graze strategies.
Some management includes impact.
Some management includes nocturnal continuous positive airway pressure.
Some management includes phases.
Some management includes positive pressure.
Some management includes prescriptions.
Some management includes pressure.
Some management includes reductions.
Some management includes replacements.
Some management includes strategies.
Some management includes tasks.
Some management includes techniques.
Some management includes treatments.
Some management involves activities.
Some management involves disturbances.
Some management involves invasive procedures.
Some management involves nutrient reductions.
Some management involves procedures.
Some management involves reductions.
Some management leads to outcomes.
Some management leads to starvation.
Some management leads to widespread starvation.
Some management offers protection.
Some management produces results.
Some management provides food.
Some management provides grassland habitats.
Some management provides habitats.
Some management provides protect habitats.
Some management relies on applications.
Some management requires appreciation.
Some management requires frameworks.
Some management requires habitat preservation.
Some management requires improvement.
Some management requires preservation.
Some management requires reductions.
Some management requires removals.
Some management solves problems.
Some management stimulates grass growth.
Some management stimulates growth.
Some managements spend the IPO proceeds on dubious projects.
A manager is an administrator
Manager arranges components into rows and columns.
Manager assigns operator passwords with dollar limits on amounts and signatures.
Manager attends an appropriate greenhouse or vegetable workshops during the current year.
Manager can add, edit and delete users without knowing individual passwords.
Manager Can currently do no wrong, clearly.
Manager can view the timesheet of employee by click on.
Manager clears difficulties out of path of subordinate.
Manager comes out to re-explain tis after the fact rule to an obviously retarded customer.
Manager decides to decline the reservation.
Manager decides to go into Interactive mode.
Manager displays only one component at a time.
Manager does business in the entire Brazilian territory.
Manager enables administrators to manage and distribute forms to multiple printers over the network.
Manager fails to motivate workers.
Manager has discretion on closing time.
Manager holds all power.
Manager is a character-based interactive interface that can be run from any telnet window.
Manager is a nice guy.
Manager is a Web-based solution for managing Cisco devices that use access control lists.
Manager is primary point of contact for projects assigned to department.
Manager is responsible for all ad sales in print and on the net.
Manager is scaled in proportion to numbers of items being offered on the catalog.
Manager is sent every run request.
Manager isa administrator.
Manager lives on site.
Manager loses composure completely.
Manager mend into several offer until stored boating.
Manager moves on.
Manager needs to be notified.
Manager never shows appreciation to employees.
Manager now supervise professionals in how to perform their jobs.
Manager objects support configuration and monitoring of plant and material.
Manager oversees entire operations of the beauty salon, accounting, and management of salon staff.
Manager plays role of counselor and facilitator.
Manager provides a central service for administration.
Manager recommends adoption.
Manager reserves the right to refuse membership to the ring.
Manager s can be either faculty or staff.
Manager stands ground.
Manager takes a bite out of every burger to make sure it's okay.
Manager takes lead role.
Manager takes up post.
Manager takes work-related issues personally.
Manager treats all employees the same.
Manager uploads files to server.
Manager walks away, grumbling.
Manager wants to bring in another relief pitcher.
Manager wants to build travel plan and schedule travel spots.
Manager weighs the cost of fixing the boats while lawmakers struggle to come up with funding.
Managers abound in the adhocracy - functional managers, integrating managers, project managers.
Managers accept lack of quality, because it is the price of the quota system.
Managers accomplish organizational goals by working with other people.
Managers achieve peak performance, influencing change and increasing their effectiveness.
Managers actively support all programs they want to succeed.
Managers add energy in several ways.
Managers administer while leaders innovate.
Managers advance to larger establishments, or regional management positions with restaurant chains.
Managers advise representatives.
Managers advise sale representatives.
Managers advise the sales representatives on ways to improve their sales performance.
Managers advise their sales representatives on ways to improve their sales performance.
Managers agree to set clear performance benchmarks, provide educational resources, and reward gains.
Managers allocate more of their budgets to advertising for well-differentiated brands.
Managers allocate the cost of one department to other departments.
Managers allow operators to do their work through any workstation.
Managers already face an information overload.
Managers also acknowledge transportation as a barrier to work.
Managers also are in charge of hiring enough workers and keeping equipment running.
Managers also can instantly build and view a graphical representation of all report data.
Managers also can reward employees through pay increases that are tied to annual evaluations.
Managers also complete an assessment for each employee.
Managers also control budgets and enforce company policy.
Managers also evaluate the work of employees.
Managers also face challenges when a team gets started.
Managers also feel the stress of downsizing and cutbacks.
Managers also formulate an action plan for personal development throughout the program.
Managers also give instructions to their players.
Managers also have a big impact on the quality of work the workers are producing.
Managers also have courage to formulate their own vision and communicate with employees.
Managers also have to make sure that everyone on the team around the globe is up to pace.
Managers also hope to eliminate more paperwork from all aspects of their operations.
Managers also learn accounting fundamentals and cost-benefit analysis.
Managers also learn from mistakes.
Managers also look highly upon anyone who exhibits enthusiasm and a willingness to learn.
Managers also prepare reports about the projects.
Managers also receive immediate feedback in cases utilizing proxies.
Managers also represent the association at fund raisers, community events, and news interviews.
Managers also schedule individual meetings as needed.
Managers also schedule the work shifts of all employees.
Managers also schedule work hours, making sure that enough workers are present to cover each shift.
Managers also spend time communicating with their peers.
Managers also supervise public relations workers .
Managers also supervise public relations workers.
Managers also try to keep an eye on staff and recognize if anyone is having problems.
Managers also undergo a written exam.
Managers also walk around the plant on occasion and ask safety questions.
Managers analyze impact.
Managers analyze the computer needs for their organization.
Managers appear to understand in theory, but continue to have difficulty putting it into practice.
Managers apply it first to themselves, then extend it to their staff.
Managers apply principles.
Managers appreciate employees who care enough about their work to stand up for what they believe in.
Managers appreciate immediate desktop access to a vast range of complex benefits and policy topics.
Managers appreciate proactive, loyal employees who are committed to the company's objectives.
Managers are a combination psychiatrist, brother, sergeant, pastor, judge and father.
Managers are a dime a dozen.
Managers are a lot more willing to start clean up if they can see initial results sooner.
Managers are a necessary evil.
Managers are able to build on the success of others instead of reinventing the wheel.
Managers are able to define line and staff relationships in authority terms.
Managers are able to keep track of training staff whereabouts and scheduled events.
Managers are accountable for delivering results and developing people.
Managers are accountable to owners for how they use their finances or material possessions.
Managers are after profits and profits are earned by creating sales revenues and keeping costs low.
Managers are also available to answer questions about event planning or technical set-up.
Managers are also aware of job vacancies before Personnel is informed.
Managers are also concerned about how little success in business is valued in Britain.
Managers are also concerned with their salaries and perks.
Managers are also generally ill-equipped to make the best sales pitch.
Managers are also key forces in providing employees with job satisfaction.
Managers are also often able to relate to the generational changes through their own children.
Managers are always on-site and they review every tax return.
Managers are among the first to arrive and the last to leave at night.
Managers are among the first to arrive and the last to leave.
Managers are among the first to arrive in the morning, and the last to leave.
Managers are assigned to facilities.
Managers are available at monthly fly's to discuss issues of interest to members.
Managers are available by phone, fax, e-mail, or take advantage of our managers' office hours .
Managers are available on mobile phones.
Managers are aware that tools provided as business enablers can also cause business problems.
Managers are basically just parents helping kids have fun.
Managers are busy people.
Managers are capable of doing both.
Managers are capable of lower prices.
Managers are caretakers.
Managers are catalysts, creating the infrastructure for transformation.
Managers are competent to carry out their responsibilities for developing people.
Managers are composite widgets that contain primitives, gadgets, or other managers.
Managers are concerned about managing the workload and meeting their deadlines.
Managers are concerned with achievement of organizational goals.
Managers are concerned with doing things the right way.
Managers are concerned with efficiency.
Managers are concerned with mistakes.
Managers are concerned with pre-established, organizational goals.
Managers are concerned with process.
Managers are constantly second-guessed.
Managers are currently unable to differentiate problems between the PC and the telephone.
Managers are decision-makers.
Managers are eligible for annual bonuses depending on their performance.
Managers are equally intelligent and act as domain managers being in charge of part of the network.
Managers are essential to the effective functioning of modern society.
Managers are excellent resources for information about career development.
Managers are familiar with communication, and with business metrics.
Managers are free to choose how to grow and expand their agencies.
Managers are generally exempt from the provisions of overtime.
Managers are generally responsible for the effectiveness of a group.
Managers are here to support the people who are doing the work.
Managers are human, so they are all different.
Managers are humans.
Managers are in a position to help employees achieve a healthy balance.
Managers are in charge of child care, agriculture, public relations, etc.
Managers are in daily contact with key individuals around the State attempting to stay up to date.
Managers are in demand.
Managers are in residence at each facility, as well.
Managers are in search of methods, particularly nonlethal methods, for reducing nest depredation.
Managers are in the business of putting out brush fires.
Managers are interested in fixed bugs for particular patch etc.
Managers are just like players.
Managers are keenly aware of advertising's impact on consumers.
Managers are key to a supportive culture.
Managers are leaders.
Managers are like cats in a litter box.
Managers are located in desks.
Managers are located in meetings.
Managers are located in stores.
Managers are managers because they are overseeing other people who are completing tasks.
Managers are managers, regardless of their titles.
Managers are market driven, so engineers comply with a schedule to match.
Managers are more easily able to streamline department operations by determining best practices.
Managers are more likely to use the data if volunteers monitor more than one site.
Managers are nearly always the hardest working of the lot.
Managers are necessary, leaders are essential.
Managers are nervous.
Managers are never partners in concerns which are without entrepreneurs.
Managers are no different.
Managers are no longer dependent on IT to make schema changes, to create joins, or worse.
Managers are no longer satisfied with sitting in a black box and being talked to.
Managers are obsolete.
Managers are often responsible for large areas of degraded grassland.
Managers are oftne sent abroad with little, if any training.
Managers are on call to deal with accidents, delays or bad weather at the site.
Managers are on contract and are paid weekly into a checking account.
Managers are only as successful as their staff.
Managers are out there running farms, too.
Managers are part of companies.
Managers are parts of systems.
Managers are people too.
Managers are people who do things right .
Managers are people who do things right and leaders are people who do the right thing.
Managers are people who do things right, and leaders are people who do the right things.
Managers are people who do things right, while leaders are people who do the right thing.
Managers are people who do things right.
Managers are people who like to see results and who appreciate value for money.
Managers are people, too, with the same desire to be appreciated that anyone else has.
Managers are positive, action oriented people.
Managers are pragmatists, with pressures to solve today's problems.
Managers are really very different guys, but they are Managers.
Managers are really wonderful in that sense.
Managers are regularly armed with useful and informative financial statements.
Managers are responsible for all aspects of food quality and sanitation on an ongoing basis.
Managers are responsible for authorizing and verifying actual time worked for employees.
Managers are responsible for building communication.
Managers are responsible for contacting the players and organizing the team.
Managers are responsible for controlling the work hours of non-exempt employees.
Managers are responsible for enforcement with players and spectators.
Managers are responsible for ensuring forms are completed and processed correctly .
Managers are responsible for making good faith efforts toward achieving affirmative action goals.
Managers are responsible for making sure the sheets get to payroll in a timely fashion.
Managers are responsible for obligations of the enterprise.
Managers are responsible for overall pest risk analysis.
Managers are responsible for overall risk analysis.
Managers are responsible for providing their own line-up cards.
Managers are responsible for reviewing activity charged to their accounts.
Managers are responsible for smooth and efficient operations at all times.
Managers are responsible for staff replacement costs, where necessary.
Managers are responsible for supervising people and projects.
Managers are responsible for supervising the information distributed by their staff, etc.
Managers are responsible for supporting their implementation and monitoring compliance.
Managers are responsible for the behavior of their players and fans watching the game.
Managers are responsible for the conduct of their players and fans.
Managers are responsible for the effective and efficient performance of modern organizations.
Managers are responsible for the geometrical arrangement of their children.
Managers are responsible for the leadership and management of the office.
Managers are responsible for their own conduct as well as that of their coaches, players, and fans.
Managers are responsible to assess, train, and develop the employees they supervise.
Managers are responsible to design, develop and deliver training, programs and services.
Managers are responsible to ensure that their employees obtain the necessary training.
Managers are responsible, accountable, and liable for damage, reliability, and security.
Managers are role-models for other program personnel.
Managers are similar to officers and directors.
Managers are singletons in the system.
Managers are skilled at control.
Managers are so proud of their business that they often spend many evenings working.
Managers are sometimes a necessary evil.
Managers are strong-willed but the employees are poorly trained or de motivated.
Managers are supervisors, department heads, administrators.
Managers are susceptible to fundamental attribution error when evaluating employee performance.
Managers are the best.
Managers are the builders.
Managers are the common link among all the players in an organization.
Managers are the key players in all organizations.
Managers are the key to effective and efficient organizations.
Managers are the middlemen between top management and employees.
Managers are the ones who drive the business.
Managers are the ones with all the responsibility and a minimum amount of power.
Managers are the people who perform the leadership and administrative tasks for each team.
Managers are the people who run the organization.
Managers are the primary users of the manual.
Managers are then better equipped for their current roles and prepared for future promotion.
Managers are there as leaders.
Managers are to maintain impersonal relationships with others in the organization.
Managers are to make sure a catcher has on a protective cup.
Managers are ultimately responsible for the people they supervise.
Managers are ultimately responsible for the tough decisions.
Managers are under the gun to curtail waste.
Managers are understandably reluctant to part with software in which they have invested heavily.
Managers are usually active members of the corporate team and are skilled team players.
Managers are usually eager to please.
Managers are usually wives or best buddies of the wrestlers.
Managers are very good at maintaining the status quo and adding stability and order to our culture.
Managers are welcome to duplicate the following samples for their own use.
Managers are welcome.
Managers are well aware of the hostility.
Managers ask and answer.
Managers ask that of their general managers.
Managers assist, advise and inspect to ensure appropriate progress.
Managers assume responsibility for the products or services of the department or establishment.
Managers attempt to design the system, and designers attempt to manage the project.
Managers attempt to execute by taking control and by using the skills of problem-solving.
Managers attend meetings.
Managers attend to the process, leaders inspire their people.
Managers automatically schedule preventive maintenance, reducing downtime and increasing production.
Managers avoid taking responsibility.
Managers balance that strictness with sensitivity to personal problems that can mar performance.
Managers become better interviewers by learning in an interactive, simulation-based environment.
Managers become ill or sometimes quit without notice.
Managers become leaders and facilitators, rather than dictators.
Managers become leaders.
Managers become more effective while reducing equipment costs.
Managers become self-reliant and decide on their own how to do their jobs.
Managers become upset if they discover the hidden costs after the event.
Managers begin the process by describing the symptoms of a problem to the analyst.
Managers believe in the importance of quality efforts.
Managers believe that staff are inherently lazy.
Managers benefit from the real-time information the ATDs collect and broadcast across the network.
Managers benefit significantly from the reduction of uncertainty such a system can provide.
Managers benefit tremendously from skill pathing as well.
Managers blame overfishing for the declines.
Managers bring live problems to the seminar.
Managers bring to the team input from the students they serve.
Managers build teams.
Managers building e-business enterprises learn the most from other managers doing the same thing.
Managers buy and sell securities all year long, incurring capital gains and losses along the way.
Managers can access the pipeline and workflow of one loan officer or the entire branch office.
Managers can accomplish that by reducing unsafe conditions and reducing unsafe acts.
Managers can add comments to articles, or email high-priority items to individuals.
Managers can also broaden the reach of IP-based voice be yond the range of their corporate intranet.
Managers can also find criteria for hiring a programmer or guiding one without stifling creativity.
Managers can also help team members learn to plan their week in advance.
Managers can also learn how to satisfy and retain staff.
Managers can also leave messages to employees on the bulletin board.
Managers can also monitor the company's own standards and policies as set out for the store workers.
Managers can also monitor the progress of team members as they work toward their development goals.
Managers can also send requests to set values for certain variables.
Managers can also take more subtle steps to promote the IT referral program.
Managers can also use the system to see how many people are viewing particular bits of content.
Managers can analyze a particular hour's sales for the past several weeks and get an average.
Managers can analyze and report on hours worked by project and by employee.
Managers can and do use each approach.
Managers can answer complex questions and details of implementation.
Managers can anticipate the probability of their employees performing specific behaviors.
Managers can apply updates and re-publish the project.
Managers can approve or reject hours and expenses, and add, edit, assign projects, and personnel.
Managers can assign network resources and channels based on where and how they're needed.
Managers can avoid wasting time .
Managers can avoid wasting time.
Managers can be active on the long and short side of the market.
Managers can be difficult people especially if they are at the beginning of a transitional period.
Managers can be members or professional managers.
Managers can be more effective and efficient when assisted by computer-based information systems.
Managers can be proactive in their approach to managing a project.
Managers can become change leaders by the constant acquisition of knowledge.
Managers can become consultants of their own departments.
Managers can become famous.
Managers can begin using the hiring and coaching models immediately after job analysis is completed.
Managers can benefit from the test strategies and planning.
Managers can benefit greatly by knowing something about programming in spreadsheets.
Managers can bring creative and fun events into the workplace.
Managers can build front-line morale by just building relationships with their employees.
Managers can build teams with diversity in mind.
Managers can cause incredible chaos simply by asking questions.
Managers can change their paradigms.
Managers can charge appropriate user groups for use of critical network resources.
Managers can chart team progress, identify trends, spot bottlenecks and keep projects on schedule.
Managers can check status in real time and monitor progress towards completion.
Managers can check weekly reports here.
Managers can clearly benefit from understanding the learning process.
Managers can commit to support new functional relationships.
Managers can communicate in exact terms about their debris problems.
Managers can control and direct multiple projects.
Managers can create a climate of communication.
Managers can create profiles that contain just the applications and features each user needs.
Managers can create thresholds such as sales volume, quotas or new leads.
Managers can decide on where to position the organisation within an industry.
Managers can deepen their contacts with a company and establish a strong relationship.
Managers can define routing according to business rules and view effectiveness.
Managers can determine how satisfied users are with the family planning program.
Managers can do a lot to help with the mindset.
Managers can do a lot with it.
Managers can do more with the high-margin products.
Managers can do the company a great service just by noticing behavior.
Managers can earn a percent of their base salary as bonus.
Managers can earn trips to Mexico, Paris or London.
Managers can easily correct mistakes and print out reports.
Managers can easily monitor and track their staff's training, certification, and classes.
Managers can easily obtain a list of candidates who best match the job description.
Managers can easily provide staff priorities High level managers can stay better in touch.
Managers can easily view online progress reports.
Managers can either approve or deny requests.
Managers can enhance motivation through job satisfaction.
Managers can ensure they work according to the right priorities.
Managers can even analyze costs and labor distribution data.
Managers can even analyze costs and labor distribution information.
Managers can even evaluate their own performance based on the positive system.
Managers can even get hourly traffic reports.
Managers can even trigger equipment replacements with intelligent alarming on equipment variables.
Managers can even view when employees last logged on.
Managers can expect to oversee at least one major project as well as some smaller ones.
Managers can finely adjust each person's access to match their job requirements.
Managers can fire an employee after a two step process.
Managers can focus attention on the information appropriate to their role.
Managers can focus on proactive planning instead of last minute reacting.
Managers can forecast confectionary needs based on customer ordering patterns.
Managers can fuse influence as well as 'being right' to get things done.
Managers can gather all the right information on one sheet of paper.
Managers can get a lot more done as the leader of a small, flexible team.
Managers can get a summary view of the messaging system from complete and comprehensive reports.
Managers can get as much detail as they want.
Managers can get extra information here .
Managers can get hasty, and candidates can get anxious.
Managers can get things done, but they have to have leaders and leadership abilities of their own.
Managers can handle time-critical issues, such as approvals, while they're on the road.
Managers can have more information quicker.
Managers can help build effective, supportive constituencies.
Managers can help by deciding who needs what information.
Managers can help by keeping system definitions constant.
Managers can help integrate knowledge learning in on-going position development and growth.
Managers can help their staff handle change successfully.
Managers can identify and prioritize areas for protection, research restoration, and mitigation.
Managers can identify habitual late comers for administrative purposes.
Managers can identify potential performance gaps and provide resources for the gaps.
Managers can improve job satisfaction simply by recognizing a job well done.
Managers can increase the productivity of their employees by understanding their behavior.
Managers can influence the first two, but doing so is costly and slow.
Managers can influence their employees decisions to stay or to leave.
Managers can initiate topics for discussion.
Managers can install and administer the product from a central location.
Managers can integrate up to two optional router cards per unit.
Managers can intervene and begin restoring the natural fire regime.
Managers can invest their own money in their restaurants and receive a percentage of the profits.
Managers can investigate and implement quick-hitters.
Managers can keep a close tab on inventory losses and therefore control theft.
Managers can keep track of their contacts and employees.
Managers can lack information concerning an employee's actual performance.
Managers can launch and compare simultaneous marketing messages targeting the same visitor segment.
Managers can learn how to defuse tensions and when to refer employees for counseling.
Managers can learn leadership skills, but they alone have to provide the energy, vision and passion.
Managers can learn much from open-source practitioners, or hackers.
Managers can let recipients choose their own gift or shop online for something specific.
Managers can look online to see their bids and accept an offer.
Managers can make a difference when it comes to employee creativity.
Managers can make better decisions by knowing their enterprise better.
Managers can make informed decisions on asset re-deployment and addition.
Managers can make that happen.
Managers can manage and technicians can dispense.
Managers can manage the project's plans, schedules, staff assignments, status etc.
Managers can manipulate lineup cards and fielding positions on the roster menu.
Managers can minimise risks by seeking to avoid situations where cross-contamination can occur.
Managers can monitor call volumes, sales quotas, and support issues within their departments.
Managers can monitor call volumes, sales quotas, or other vital activities in their departments.
Managers can monitor projects in real-time and generate reports online.
Managers can monitor their agents from any computer connected to the Internet.
Managers can monitor time by individual employee, job class or department.
Managers can motivate people by linking performance to reward.
Managers can move the camera for multiple views and can make real-time business decisions.
Managers can never know precisely what they're trying to achieve or how best to achieve it.
Managers can no longer afford to fail, because they know their jobs are in danger.
Managers can no longer recruit and retain staff with strong loyalties that seek a job for life.
Managers can now assess District members according to actual irrigated lands and land ownership.
Managers can now choose to send players away for surgery to repair recurring injuries.
Managers can now effectively prioritize projects or reliably commit to schedules and budgets.
Managers can only lead if they know their department thoroughly and perform competently .
Managers can only relate to tasks about the management that they are performing.
Managers can opt for commodities, bonds, or mortgage or credit card loan backed securities.
Managers can post electronic sticky notes on any file to keep all information in one place.
Managers can practice resolving diversity-related issues in a stimulating no risk environment.
Managers can print any ticket to have a hard copy of an issue for easy reference.
Managers can pull up staff records and information on competitors.
Managers can put the most modern and well-equipped force into the field.
Managers can query an agent for the values of objects managed by the agent.
Managers can quickly check on open issues at any given point in time.
Managers can quickly view progress and results for all users.
Managers can read through the report to create a vision of how to support XML for their business.
Managers can reassign workload, give time off, give compensatory time off, etc.
Managers can receive a reasonable salary.
Managers can refer to the list when someone has earned a pat on the back.
Managers can reinforce the desired culture by their responses to employee behavior.
Managers can remotely view and approve purchase requisitions.
Managers can review all outbound communications for quality assurance.
Managers can review the current status of a change management request at any time.
Managers can review the tasks in a file, tasks assigned to a user or tasks assigned to a team.
Managers can review the tasks in a file, tasks assigned to a user, or tasks assigned to a team.
Managers can reward performance by gifting equipment to employees.
Managers can reward personnel who treat female clients respectfully.
Managers can run queries to quickly locate workstations connected throughout the network.
Managers can sabotage or save a program and hire or fire the wellness professional.
Managers can say anything they want.
Managers can search by tracking number or customer e-mail address.
Managers can see an overview of the status of Web projects.
Managers can see at a glance which projects their team are currently working on.
Managers can see on their computer screens a map showing exactly what each of their crews is doing.
Managers can see related reports and graphs after consolidation.
Managers can see where energy and resource conservation can save money.
Managers can see which individuals are available to take on new work.
Managers can see which tickets support personnel are working on and for how long.
Managers can select only data they want to see, for example only HIGH priority incidents.
Managers can send a message to a group of employees easily.
Managers can send memos using internet pagers instead of paper.
Managers can serve their workers and their companies in several ways.
Managers can set the cut-off score based on the ability required by the position.
Managers can set the cut-off score based on the level of skill required for the position.
Managers can set up meeting rooms for staff in remote locations.
Managers can set up personal records for each employee.
Managers can set user permission levels, and team members can update project data on their own.
Managers can share management issues and problems.
Managers can shed some light by conducting periodic employee evaluations.
Managers can show how behavior establishes rapport.
Managers can simply click on the question on the Internet page, and up pops the answer.
Managers can sometimes act as a booking agent.
Managers can start out being pressure washers.
Managers can stay current with their e-mail while waiting for flights.
Managers can t afford to hold all leadership decisions for themselves.
Managers can t be everywhere all the time.
Managers can t leave growth to chance.
Managers can t see beyond the next quarter s financial results.
Managers can take action to improve existing services.
Managers can take several actions to help employees adjust to changing technology.
Managers can take the initiative to show compassion.
Managers can task a service provider to perform certain activities.
Managers can tell stories and give real examples and successes from within.
Managers can then calculate how many of the players they want to retain under that salary cap value.
Managers can then choose a course of action.
Managers can then decide where to focus their efforts.
Managers can then input review results and adjust salary increases online.
Managers can then view and approve the time logged by employees in their assigned workgroup.
Managers can therefore supplement prairie habitat with managed grassland.
Managers can tolerate mundane, practical work.
Managers can track a student's progress toward achieving the learning objectives.
Managers can track allowances, media buys and etc.
Managers can track employee progress and record test scores from the their own workstations.
Managers can track measures as they work toward their objectives.
Managers can track rent, late fees, parking, laundry, furniture rentals, and pet fees.
Managers can track what's going on all year round and use that information to write better reviews.
Managers can trade players among each other.
Managers can train staff to handle difficult patrons by doing role-plays about abusive clients.
Managers can try to change what people feel.
Managers can try to get enough fish to the spawning beds to ensure future runs.
Managers can turn such features on or off in any part of the site.
Managers can typically compare and contrast their offers with competitors' offers in detail.
Managers can use a higher cut-off score depending on the ability level required for the position.
Managers can use incentives for maintaining employee satisfaction and motivation.
Managers can use it to find quick, effective, fun solutions to work challenges.
Managers can use job descriptions as training checklists.
Managers can use microworlds to expose assumptions underlying their business strategies.
Managers can use query languages to ask questions and retrieve data in any manner.
Managers can use screening tools to monitor and view outliers.
Managers can use simulation to obtain optimal answers for a wide range of problems.
Managers can use software measurement to get a handle on the product their programmers are creating.
Managers can use storytelling to establish and communicate high expectations.
Managers can use such models to assist in grazing management decisions.
Managers can use the software to filter out packets and look for specific transactions.
Managers can use the test as a hiring tool.
Managers can use the web to complete a survey that determines the classes their staff have to take.
Managers can utilize a five-step strategy to successfully upgrade expectations.
Managers can view at a glance, a performance summary for lines, agents and groups.
Managers can view employees by cost center or by their position in the organizational hierarchy.
Managers can view high level reports or can drill down to focus in on detailed information.
Managers can view the Hypertext Markup Language reports in a Web browser.
Managers can view the user statistics to see who attended the presentation and for how long.
Managers can visualize what's wanted.
Managers can watch the entire planet from their desks.
Managers can work with a contract or without.
Managers care only about their own department, shift, or function.
Managers carefully use the facts and data in daily decision making.
Managers categorize customer comments by individual, by day of service and by type of service.
Managers change goals.
Managers change over decades.
Managers check their voice mail while the pasta is cooking and compose e-mail while the baby naps.
Managers check their voice mail while the pasta is cooking and compose email while the baby naps.
Managers choose their paradigms.
Managers cite lack of user input as the main reason for project failure.
Managers close the gate precisely on the hour and dock the pay of anyone who is late.
Managers come and go.
Managers come from a variety of educational backgrounds.
Managers come to all our shows at the back of the room.
Managers come to ringside in singles matches.
Managers communicate the organization s mission, vision and skills.
Managers communicate the organization's mission, vision and skills.
Managers communicate the organization's mission, vision and values.
Managers communicate with their staff using email and planning software.
Managers compare actual levels with the defined standards.
Managers compare designs.
Managers complete three professional growth courses per semester.
Managers conduct the business of cities, counties, and other government and community agencies.
Managers confirm that hiring is faster and easier, even for some highly technical positions.
Managers consider climate impact.
Managers consider effects.
Managers consider factors.
Managers consider impact.
Managers consider many factors.
Managers consistently hold more positive perceptions.
Managers construct systems to allow for the individual input of employees.
Managers contend that smaller incentives also count.
Managers contend with resentful, frustrated, and unhappy workers.
Managers continue to generally be paid with a salary.
Managers control activities.
Managers control and direct energy.
Managers control tangible assets like plant and equipment, inventory and accounts receivable, etc.
Managers control the environmental concerns in overseas or foreign aid projects.
Managers control the marketing mix, or product, price, promotion, and place.
Managers coordinate employees' work toward a common objective.
Managers coordinate facilities work in each residential area.
Managers coordinate services.
Managers coordinate the activities of their unit with other units or organizations.
Managers counsel and advise the artist on virtually all aspects of the artist's career.
Managers create teams, free agents sign on, and competition is weekly through out the semester.
Managers curse engineering activities because they are so hard to measure.
Managers deal with a large amount of information in quantitative form.
Managers deal with angry customers and upset employees, which can be stressful.
Managers deal with many different types of activities.
Managers deal with people through talking and listening.
Managers dealing in the Internet are acutely aware that information is a key asset.
Managers dealing with the environment do so in conditions of uncertainty.
Managers define policies and behavior in policy servers based on business rules.
Managers delegate responsibility and authority.
Managers demonstrate controversial behavioral strategies.
Managers demonstrate due care in the acquisition and utilization of resources.
Managers derive power from their positions.
Managers describe jobs.
Managers determine activities.
Managers determine effective sale strategies.
Managers determine effective strategies.
Managers determine effort.
Managers determine strategies.
Managers develop a list of competencies for themselves and their staff members.
Managers develop active ownership for results.
Managers develop applicant pools, screen, interview, and test applicants.
Managers develop procedures and policies for running the services.
Managers develop strategies for introducing new technologies without causing stress.
Managers develop systems to grow good writers.
Managers devise ways.
Managers dig ground balls.
Managers direct the cleaning of the kitchen and dining areas.
Managers disagree on the full value of some technical certifications.
Managers discuss punishment in the workplace.
Managers do have other ways of getting information on wireless networks.
Managers do have professional organizations, which lend credibility to their business.
Managers do it the world over.
Managers do it.
Managers do jobs.
Managers do more than manage people, which most everyone understands, they also manage things.
Managers do that, too.
Managers do their own buying, stocking, pricing, merchandising and selling.
Managers do things right, leaders do the right things.
Managers do things right.
Managers do what is best for workers.
Managers don t have the time or resources to lavish attention on everyone.
Managers don t like it because of the bureaucracy and inflexibility.
Managers dread it, and DJs fear it.
Managers driven to high achievement take high risks frequently.
Managers earn a percentage of their base salary.
Managers earn their appointments after trial periods.
Managers earn their bonuses and their reputations on pretax results.
Managers earn their living by making and implementing important decisions.
Managers easily monitor their teams via PCs or wireless PDAs.
Managers emphasize knowledge sharing during new-hire interviews.
Managers employ relatively low risk, long-short strategies in equities and fixed income.
Managers encourage free and open communication between higher management and employees.
Managers encourage innovation even when it means breaking the rules.
Managers end up selecting the most ethical person they can.
Managers enhance their ability to lead others.
Managers enjoy the flexibility of managing their core business remotely.
Managers ensure cost.
Managers ensure that responsibilities and outcomes are clearly defined and assigned.
Managers enter ratings and proposed salary adjustments for each employee.
Managers equate their own success with what is good for their employees.
Managers establish the requirements as they relate to the current needs of each unit.
Managers estimate amounts.
Managers estimate that users conduct nearly three million searches monthly.
Managers evaluate alternatives.
Managers exchange their organizational and planning systems for monetary compensation.
Managers exercise stock options.
Managers exist, then, to accept the praise or the blame for the organization's success or failure.
Managers expect no impact to the target launch date.
Managers expect some workers to be superstars and expect too little from others.
Managers expect their people to continue to grow professionally.
Managers expect workers to pay the price of keeping profits high.
Managers experience a loss of control.
Managers experience considerable pressure to meet goals.
Managers experience others as searching for their mistakes.
Managers express concern, however, about employees making poor investment choices.
Managers face a dilemma each day when making decisions.
Managers face decisions.
Managers face difficulty.
Managers face tasks of finding, keeping, and motivating workers.
Managers face the challenge of getting disagreements out in the open for discussion and resolution.
Managers fail about half the time when they make business decisions involving their organization.
Managers fail as leaders when they spend too much time managing.
Managers fail because they fail to coach their people.
Managers fail to rate organizational capability as well as individual capability.
Managers fear losing decision-making control if a union campaign is successful.
Managers fear losing touch with remote employees.
Managers fear that expenses are too high and cut costs and jobs.
Managers feel a loss of control.
Managers feel comfortable seeing people working.
Managers feel that flamboyant resumes often bring in overaggressive applicants.
Managers feel there is to much classroom training.
Managers feel under pressure to compromise personal standards to achieve company goals.
Managers find applications.
Managers find evidence.
Managers find that arena newsletters contain all sorts of interesting and useful information.
Managers find their goals for information-sharing and distributed, virtual work are unmet.
Managers firm up schedules.
Managers focus a lot of energy on what is happening outside their own part of the organization.
Managers focus effort.
Managers focus on aspects.
Managers forecast in several ways.
Managers function more independently yet retain a critical, long term focus.
Managers gain active involvement and commitment to implement.
Managers generally care more than staff and owners care more than managers.
Managers generally expect solid retail activity to continue into the spring.
Managers generally favor team players and employees who are challenged and highly motivated.
Managers generally report significant reductions in productivity when they are away from the office.
Managers generally show a good understanding of their safety and health role and usually model it.
Managers generally show little understanding of their safety and health management responsibilities.
Managers get a better sense of what is happening.
Managers get angry and give up on the process easily.
Managers get implications.
Managers get national, exclusive new exposure at no extra charge.
Managers get people to do their jobs.
Managers get real involvement in the design, planning and implementation.
Managers get single rooms as part of their job compensation.
Managers get to choose their own teams.
Managers get to know all aspects of products and functions.
Managers give employees frequent bonuses, ranging from cash to gifts.
Managers give raises, approve vacations, and hire new employees on the internet.
Managers go for free, the rest of the staff is invited to attend at half price.
Managers go missing.
Managers greatly value the reaction and opinion of their staff.
Managers greet people by name or a knowing nod.
Managers handle all requests for time and money, and fight off blood sucking users.
Managers handle issues.
Managers harvest some stands and maintain and enhance others as long as they remain valuable.
Managers hate it.
Managers hate the process probably more than workers do.
Managers hate to create and justify job requisitions.
Managers hate to recruit.
Managers hate to see workers thinking.
Managers have (part) arms.
Managers have (part) body substances.
Managers have (part) cell membranes.
Managers have (part) cells.
Managers have (part) corpi.
Managers have (part) cytoplasm.
Managers have (part) heads.
Managers have (part) human bodies.
Managers have (part) legs.
Managers have (part) material bodies.
Managers have (part) necks.
Managers have (part) nuclei.
Managers have (part) personality.
Managers have (part) plasma membranes.
Managers have (part) sections.
Managers have (part) vacuoles.
Managers have a chance to deal with problems before they lead to a strike.
Managers have a duty to seek best execution and directors have a duty to inquire about the process.
Managers have a great deal more clout than umpires do.
Managers have a hard time with it, especially in the area of leadership development.
Managers have a misconception that all consumers are similar, and purchase the same products.
Managers have a much better chance of success if they use persuasion rather than coercion.
Managers have a responsibility to operate by the same standards as firm leaders.
Managers have a responsibility to spend their organizations money wisely and avoid vendor lock-in.
Managers have a strong instinct for survival.
Managers have a strong sense of belonging to their organizations.
Managers have a tendency to be inward focused.
Managers have a tool to communicate their project plans before the scheduling process begins.
Managers have a valuable perspective but coworkers provide equally important references.
Managers have a variety of administrative responsibilities.
Managers have a variety of responsibilities.
Managers have access and ability to be long and short of stocks, bonds, futures, currencies, etc.
Managers have access to a wide variety of resources.
Managers have an obligation to investigate promptly such trends in their facilities.
Managers have appropriate skills.
Managers have authority to grant stock options to firm's best performers.
Managers have broad individual authority in their promotional programs.
Managers have checklists.
Managers have choice of different types of departmental design each having strengths and weaknesses.
Managers have choices.
Managers have different incentives than the managers of for-profit organizations.
Managers have different sytles when it comes to making a decision and solving problems.
Managers have different types of personalities.
Managers have difficulty getting feedback from employees.
Managers have employees.
Managers have enough power to manage the unit.
Managers have essentially full control over a conference, including conference settings and options.
Managers have far more impact on what gets sold than do lone brokers.
Managers have few routes to minimise impacts or maximise benefits to whales.
Managers have fewer ways to influence employees and shape their behavior.
Managers have glass cubes that almost go up to one's shoulders.
Managers have greater autonomy but principals have control over finances.
Managers have greater freedom to pursue new ventures, streamline production, and pare overhead.
Managers have hundreds of ways to block union efforts to improve the quality of work.
Managers have important and challenging jobs.
Managers have industries.
Managers have information.
Managers have insight into the nurse's performance and provide valuable feedback.
Managers have long scoured trade publications and forwarded relevant articles.
Managers have many administrative duties.
Managers have many challenges they face on the job everyday.
Managers have many formulations of slow-release fertilizers and custom blends from which to choose.
Managers have many other duties at the job site.
Managers have more influence over goals and direction.
Managers have much less impact on wins and losses than coaches in other sports.
Managers have no choice but to evaluate exposures constantly.
Managers have no desire to change the way they do business.
Managers have no real incentive to operate efficiently.
Managers have no right to the drug-testing data.
Managers have offices.
Managers have personal responsibility.
Managers have positions.
Managers have primary responsibility for the guidance of employees under their authority.
Managers have proposals.
Managers have real time access to the health of the business.
Managers have responsibility.
Managers have roles.
Managers have several administrative duties.
Managers have several crucial functions in behavior-based safety.
Managers have skills.
Managers have some responsibility to keep their workers safe.
Managers have stories.
Managers have tasks.
Managers have the ability to electronically distribute tasks and responsibilities to team members.
Managers have the additional responsibility of ensuring effective systems are in place.
Managers have the authority and responsibility to run organizations.
Managers have the authority to solve most problems right away.
Managers have the discretion to excuse with or without pay.
Managers have the greatest influence over kids in the league.
Managers have the number of papers shuffled.
Managers have the opportunity to approve or deny source changes.
Managers have the primary responsibility for designing jobs.
Managers have the responsibility of providing opportunities for staff development.
Managers have the responsibility to prepare their business for the change to the euro.
Managers have the right to bar non-employee organizers from the workplace.
Managers have the technical expertise, job knowledge and skills.
Managers have their greatest challenge lying ahead.
Managers have their own issues about upgrading.
Managers have their own unique styles, but some traits are consistent across the board.
Managers have to be able to support an environment cleanly and affordably to ensure security.
Managers have to be constantly looking at that stream.
Managers have to be good leaders.
Managers have to be incredibly skilled at maneuvering to launch and sustain their projects.
Managers have to be ready for anything when training individuals.
Managers have to be ready to view the big picture and look at details up-close.
Managers have to connect, inform, and engage people in new was to encourage innovation and action.
Managers have to consciously think about and commit to changing their behavior.
Managers have to consider the information that is necessary to support a business plan.
Managers have to do that.
Managers have to drop the school teacher model, and replace it with the performance athlete model.
Managers have to have a sense of how long it takes people to accomplish a certain task.
Managers have to keep everyone on the project informed of direction and status.
Managers have to keep some cash to handle redemptions.
Managers have to know how to deal effectively with people from many different cultures.
Managers have to know their players as individuals.
Managers have to learn new ways to measure productivity.
Managers have to live with increased diversity and presssure from changes outside their control.
Managers have to maintain product quality while building inventory and staff.
Managers have to manage, but they also have to lead.
Managers have to manage.
Managers have to spend some time tailoring the systems to their own workforces.
Managers have to trust.
Managers have two months to play hard and play well.
Managers have unresolved questions about security.
Managers have wide flexibility in the training area in choosing training sources, curricula, etc.
Managers help a company maintain quality and productivity.
Managers help employees evaluate their skills and plan their careers.
Managers help keep the bears' behavior interesting by hiding food under rocks and in logs.
Managers here are under heavy pressure.
Managers here stay in touch.
Managers hire additional personnel on an as-needed basis.
Managers hire and fire.
Managers hire people like themselves.
Managers hire women who best fit the all-American cheerleader image.
Managers hire workers.
Managers hold decisions.
Managers hope that business after break picks up and most said they plan to encourage that.
Managers hover over details and ensure operations run smoothly.
Managers identify adverse events.
Managers identify events.
Managers identify possible adverse events.
Managers identify status.
Managers ignore patches and updates for critical servers and desktop software packages.
Managers immediately know the impact of intended expenditures against their budgets.
Managers implement an open door policy regarding personnel issues or concerns.
Managers implement policies and programs in public institutions.
Managers implement techniques.
Managers improve beneficial effects.
Managers improve effects.
Managers improve when they take employee ratings of their performance seriously.
Managers inch up the same smokestack, learning more and more about less and less.
Managers incorporate their paradigms into the firm's culture.
Managers increase stability.
Managers indicate a cooling in inflationary pressures.
Managers insist no incendiary devices can be mailed until reporters file their stories.
Managers insist no lynchings can take place until after the noon news deadline.
Managers interact and cooperate with employees.
Managers interview and hire employees.
Managers interview, hire, and sometimes fire employees.
Managers interview, hire, and train employees.
Managers interview, hire, and, when necessary, discharge workers.
Managers interview, hire, and, when necessary, fire employees.
Managers invests in employee learning and training.
Managers involved in recruitment can be very smug.
Managers just manage, coaches just coach.
Managers keep on top of the employees until the changes become the norm.
Managers keep track of cache consistency information and disk block pointers.
Managers keep track of how buyers are doing.
Managers kick dirt on their plates.
Managers know annual cost.
Managers know cost.
Managers know how and where they want their people trained.
Managers know how to quickly tell if things are running smoothly or are about to become problems.
Managers know that people work at jobs exactly the way they work at getting a job.
Managers know they are on their own from the very beginning.
Managers know what skills to look for, and intense work environments soon thrash out incompetence.
Managers know what's going on.
Managers know, too, that airport laptop thefts are far from uncommon.
Managers lead employees.
Managers lead front line employees.
Managers lead others in the accomplishment of goals.
Managers learn how to coach and employees learn how to learn from their work.
Managers learn how to coach their staff to achieve enduring excellence.
Managers learn how to communicate with employees in averting work eldercare problem.
Managers learn how to manage conflict more effectively.
Managers learn how to recruit the best candidates and develop strong interviewing skills.
Managers learn how to reinforce the efforts that their employees make to improve quality.
Managers learn how to respond to employees who report sexual harassment.
Managers learn the liabilities involved in sexual harassment cases.
Managers learn to balance the simultaneous needs for systematic execution of work and flexibility.
Managers learn to take personal responsibility for creating a positive work environment.
Managers leave companies.
Managers lie to their team members and even the highest people there lie.
Managers like to know the important stuff, and they hate being surprised by bad news.
Managers like to reward and promote people they feel they can work with and give direction to.
Managers like to see activities listed for several reasons.
Managers live on the island during the summer.
Managers look for stocks that are selling below what they believe the stocks are worth.
Managers lose sleep at night thinking of ways to direct their subordinates.
Managers love data and statistics.
Managers love employees who are willing to step up to the plate and take more responsibility.
Managers love enthusiastic, self-motivated, resourceful hires.
Managers love resourceful, enthusiastic, self-motivated hires.
Managers love to hear compliments about employee s service, helpfulness, and friendly attitudes.
Managers maintain facilities.
Managers maintain perspective by focusing on the outcomes they want from their organizations.
Managers maintain schedules, regulate worker performance, and analyze productivity.
Managers maintain the status quo during times of stability.
Managers maintain their superiority by withholding information.
Managers make a difference.
Managers make and implement decisions through and with people working together toward common goals.
Managers make announcements.
Managers make commitments every day.
Managers make critical comments about their boss during department meetings.
Managers make decisions and establish objectives for the department or establishment.
Managers make decisions together with trades people.
Managers make decisions.
Managers make finance decisions every day, no matter where in a company they work.
Managers make growth happen.
Managers make many decisions daily.
Managers make no more than three times what line staff makes.
Managers make others do it.
Managers make responsible decisions.
Managers make skills.
Managers make strategic decisions.
Managers make such decisions in order to reach the goals of any organization.
Managers make sure rules are followed.
Managers make sure that mortgages, taxes, and other bills are paid.
Managers make sure that they know about new products.
Managers make sure that things are done right.
Managers make the best decisions they can with the information available.
Managers make training stick.
Managers manage a process.
Managers manage and accomplish work through others.
Managers manage in an uncertain environment of risk.
Managers manage many different things.
Managers manage more effectively, productivity increases, and the bottom line improves markedly.
Managers manage projects, but leaders lead people.
Managers manage the mechanical aspects of the task.
Managers manage the systems that are put in place to promote business activity.
Managers meet frequently with other mangers.
Managers meet with their supervisors when setting the goals.
Managers monitor interest rates, unemployment, foreign imports, wages, inflation.
Managers monitor progress and take measurements to ensure the project's success.
Managers monitor wind and humidity levels, place fire lanes and set backfires.
Managers negotiate project deadlines, work assignments, budget and human resource allocations.
Managers now can easily keep an eye on overall computer usage, including the remote locations.
Managers now control projects on a nearly real-time basis.
Managers now focus more attention on matters of ongoing organization and feedback.
Managers now have a vested interest in raising the stock price of the company.
Managers now have access to current business information to leverage marketing strategies.
Managers now read only a fraction of what was required before the rollout.
Managers now understand that quality and value are defined and measured by their customers.
Managers occasionally forget in which directory a web pages was created.
Managers occasionally go outside to inspect buses, trains, or other transportation vehicles.
Managers offer dairy quality forages for the entire grazing season.
Managers offer services.
Managers only notice when it's black kids.
Managers open doors.
Managers openly discriminate against girls according to how pleasurable they are to the eye.
Managers operate today s business.
Managers optimize public and televideo appearances.
Managers order employees.
Managers organize resources to serve objectives to increase the bottom line.
Managers organize roles and responsibilities to avoid conflict of interest at all levels.
Managers overly trust employees.
Managers oversee contractors.
Managers oversee specialty trade contractors.
Managers oversee the work of others by building cooperation and performance among workers.
Managers oversee their area and work with the management team.
Managers participate in the analysis and evaluation of assessment results.
Managers pay attention.
Managers pay special attention.
Managers perceive task definition to be more important than nurturing interpersonal relationships.
Managers perform a variety of duties as top aides to coaches and are a vital part of a team.
Managers perform tasks.
Managers perform various tasks to help their staff get work done.
Managers plan the strategies based on the corporate goals and objectives.
Managers plan to ship the nozzles to Utah tomorrow.
Managers plan, lead, organize and control individuals and resources.
Managers plan, organize, lead, and control.
Managers plan, organize, staff, lead, and control.
Managers play a critical role in shaping America's future.
Managers play a key role in any change process.
Managers play a vital and distinct role.
Managers play and discuss vital strategies while aiming rail guns at each other.
Managers play music over the story and return to the show once the item is over.
Managers play music which continues throughout the show's normal timeslot.
Managers play the infield in during the early innings against quality pitchers.
Managers position the investments to take advantage of various market and economic conditions.
Managers possessing project management skills are therefore vital organizational resources.
Managers prefer a conversation of phone call over a report.
Managers prefer portfolios with higher utility values to portfolios with lower utility.
Managers prefer relatively little risk in their pay.
Managers prepare a cash flow forecast to anticipate cash balances in the future.
Managers prepare projects that result in real and needed improvements to our public lands.
Managers present cases.
Managers process the data looking for signatures that represent security events.
Managers produce a degree of predictability, while leaders produce change.
Managers promise to reserve a few rows and tables for nonsmokers.
Managers Provide a safe and healthful workplace.
Managers provide colors and input dispatching for gadget children.
Managers provide feedback.
Managers provide flexibility in scheduling when possible to promote class attendance.
Managers provide guidance.
Managers provide regular feedback to employees on how they are doing.
Managers provide services.
Managers provide support and commitment, keeping the team focused on the organization's objectives.
Managers provide the client side of management applications through a Web interface.
Managers provide visionary leadership and follow cost-effective, sound business practices.
Managers push down, leaders pull up.
Managers put assets at risk to achieve objectives.
Managers question use.
Managers react instinctively to the curves, make knowledgeable decisions and save money.
Managers realize gains all the time, of course, in managing portfolios.
Managers realize how hard it is to find good help today.
Managers realize that change is here to stay.
Managers realize that their current online 'solutions' are ticking time bombs.
Managers really find the pulse of the company.
Managers receive a bonus at the end of the year if they satisfy minimal performance standards.
Managers receive a daily download of new students processed for benefits the previous day.
Managers receive all management consultation services on an ongoing basis.
Managers receive e-mail notification of the request for approval.
Managers receive feedback from the full circle of people they work with.
Managers receive feedback on the decisions they make.
Managers receive four weeks of vacation leave on appointment.
Managers receive intensive management and technical training.
Managers receive more than they expect from investors.
Managers receive quality points based on their decisions.
Managers receive training in recognition of employee stress and referral procedures.
Managers reception each evening.
Managers reception with cocktails nightly.
Managers recognise that they still have a hard balancing act in relation to ethnicity and gender.
Managers recognize effects.
Managers recognize negative effects.
Managers recognize potential effects.
Managers recognize potential negative effects.
Managers recognize tasks.
Managers recognize that the culture of an organization can be created for good or bad.
Managers recognize the relationships they have with their investors are fragile.
Managers recognize they've blown it.
Managers recommend assignments.
Managers record exceptions.
Managers recruit people with broad, transferable skills.
Managers regard firing someone as worse than committing a crime.
Managers relate most strongly to annual incentives.
Managers relate to people according to their role, that is boss, employee, peer, and so forth.
Managers relate to pictures of people.
Managers rely on pools.
Managers rely on teleconferencing to brainstorm with and motivate employees.
Managers rely on their experience to determine time scales, costs and resources required.
Managers report it's very effective, easy to use, and has no pungent smell.
Managers report that improvement efforts are under way across the U.S. Industrial landscape.
Managers represent a wealth of knowledge, experience and objective ideas.
Managers request a volunteer from each department.
Managers request use.
Managers require a combination of skills and methods that can tax the most advanced enterprise.
Managers require state of the art technical tools, especially geographic information systems.
Managers require thoughtful and individualized support for positive change.
Managers resist rules, roles, and procedures in the pursuit of self and organizational interests.
Managers respect the wishes of the workers.
Managers respond by raising their assumptions.
Managers respond to customers.
Managers retain the same discretion they have over any other assignment.
Managers review the reputation and history of the suppliers.
Managers review, approve or recommend exceptional grants.
Managers roam the premises smiling and introducing themselves.
Managers run one of the three different types of services.
Managers rush around, setting up water bottles and straightening towels.
Managers rush through the applications.
Managers say allowing employees to work from home demands a paradigm shift - throughout the office.
Managers say demand has begun to catch up to supply.
Managers say flexibility is the first lesson in PC outsourcing.
Managers say gun sales are a very small part of their overall business.
Managers say security is high on their to-do list.
Managers say that dialogues can far outlast the headlines that sparked the discussion.
Managers say that's because the schedule drove up overtime costs.
Managers say the company IS going through some major reorganization.
Managers say the policy is also a response to high attrition rates for top-level jobs.
Managers say there is too much to know about their specialized confections.
Managers say they believe the park achieves that goal.
Managers say they're ready.
Managers scale down relevant inventory, supplies, and personnel.
Managers scramble for substitutes.
Managers see how they can motivate employees by recognizing progress and accomplishments.
Managers see it as a way to get rid of their mainframe.
Managers see knowledge about computing only useful to engineers and programmers.
Managers see that guests receive satisfactory service to help ensure ongoing or repeated business.
Managers see their role as facilitating and coaching rather than control and monitoring.
Managers see themselves as protectors of existing order with which they identify.
Managers seek quality levels of performance through motivation and employee relations.
Managers seek to be both efficient and effective.
Managers seek to provide employees with the maximum possible support.
Managers seem committed to fast answers and fail to recognize that quick fixes make failure likely.
Managers seem more concerned to develop strategies to limit risk than to try making money.
Managers seem most unlikely to want to be changed, after all.
Managers seem to have two bullpen teams.
Managers select a communication channel trading off convenience with media richness.
Managers send requests to agents, and the agents send back replies.
Managers serve at the pleasure of the council or governing body.
Managers serve at the pleasure of the council or governingbbody.
Managers serve in a variety of roles as facilitators of information.
Managers share ideas about expectations, objectives, and impacts.
Managers share their advice for effectively managing diversity.
Managers should have opportunity.
Managers show vacant spaces to people who are considering renting.
Managers solve problems.
Managers sort out the who's who later.
Managers speak to higher management on behalf of their subordinates.
Managers spend a minimum of four hours per quarter working in their partner branch.
Managers spend more time listening than in any other business activity.
Managers spend most of their time giving directions and explaining their position on issues.
Managers spend some of their time keeping records and handling the finances of the business.
Managers spend some time outside, where they are exposed to heat, cold, rain, and snow.
Managers spend the largest portion of their time interacting with others.
Managers spend time in the office .
Managers spend years trying to master the art of giving a really good performance review.
Managers stand around, unwilling to deal with frustrated guests.
Managers start by creating a budget.
Managers start by identifying their learning needs.
Managers stay in control.
Managers still make the decisions and take actions.
Managers still try to look like they're 'saving money' by spending less.
Managers supervise activities.
Managers supervise association personnel and plan for the future of the organization.
Managers supervise others.
Managers supervise the processing of any changes that are made.
Managers supervise the realisation of organisation's interests.
Managers supply the encouragement, coordination, and leadership to achieve company goals.
Managers supporting several locations can access reports no matter where they are.
Managers surround themselves with people they trust.
Managers take an especially hard hit from the antics and observations of the cartoon characters.
Managers take approaches.
Managers take care.
Managers take little action to make staff's work more interesting.
Managers take more of a long term perspective.
Managers take notes.
Managers take on both the accountability and the authority to get things done.
Managers take potshots and snipe at each other or other departments.
Managers take team approaches.
Managers talk it up.
Managers talk to customers.
Managers talk with their employees and encourage creativity and interaction.
Managers talk, usually with pride, about their organization's strategic plan.
Managers tell people what to do.
Managers tend to be an underestimated asset.
Managers tend to be great individual problem solvers but lousy group problem solvers.
Managers tend to be mechanical.
Managers tend to be more experienced.
Managers tend to be most comfortable when they are surrounded by people they understand.
Managers tend to believe one or the other and treat their employees accordingly.
Managers tend to buy and sell stocks more slowly, resulting in lower portfolio turnover.
Managers tend to discourage people from telework and see it as creating many problems.
Managers tend to focus on tasks and systems.
Managers tend to get consumed with recruiting and training new people.
Managers tend to hire people they know.
Managers tend to like centralisation.
Managers tend to promote individuals who fit their own image.
Managers tend to put off preparing for performance reviews because they can be an emotional issue.
Managers tend to regard abuse prevention as a policy issue.
Managers tend to resent being put in an awkward spot.
Managers tend to sense that broad social support for education is no longer available.
Managers tend to think differently from leaders.
Managers tend to turn off their brains when facing preprinted forms.
Managers tend to utilize more conservative strategies than their aggressive fund counterparts.
Managers then choose who is denied access to a system.
Managers then evaluate alternatives and choose the course of action that best meets their goals.
Managers then gain visibility to their entire process chain across the extended enterprise.
Managers then get to speak briefly about their nominees.
Managers then have an idea of what needs to be fixed in the stream or upstream watershed.
Managers then pick the position in which they want to draft.
Managers then provide the hands-on project management needed for successful implementation.
Managers then receive reports indicating areas of concern with recommended actions.
Managers then select players within each grade.
Managers then share the remarks with employees.
Managers then understand how to improve their creative and innovative abilities.
Managers therefore ignore developments in the law at the peril of their bottom line.
Managers think that the participation data that they gather are valuable and informative.
Managers thus receive a comprehensive plan that is actionable immediately.
Managers to identify workers.
Managers to understand limitations.
Managers track and report actual performance to help improve service delivery.
Managers track caching and ownership.
Managers traditionally manage in the system and focus on doing things right.
Managers train members.
Managers train, motivate, and direct a management team and restaurant crew.
Managers tread a fine line, Wanous concedes, by talking up small accomplishments.
Managers treat everyone fairly.
Managers truly have the greatest power and influence to hang on to their talent.
Managers try to balance interests of hunters, wildlife watchers.
Managers try to bargain for a lower price on the goods.
Managers try to get people into the smallest space possible to save money in the short term.
Managers try to keep customers happy.
Managers try, but sometimes fail, to discover profitable trading opportunities.
Managers trying to gain additional technical proficiency can also do so online.
Managers typically are either systematic or discretionary.
Managers typically spend less than half a minute to scan a resume.
Managers undergo training to ensure they understand their responsibilities.
Managers understand abstract relationships, develop ideas, and solve problems creatively.
Managers understand components.
Managers understand development.
Managers understand flexibility is important in leading high-performing individuals and teams.
Managers understand that fare increases equal a reduction in riders.
Managers understand the importance of empowerment.
Managers understand the organization's safety and health system.
Managers use computers to keep track of personnel files.
Managers use electronic messaging for different reasons and see different advantages.
Managers use existing software deployment methods for client deployment.
Managers use experience, know-how and facts to make decisions.
Managers use functions.
Managers use imagery as they plan strategies for tackling daily tasks.
Managers use information from both groups to make daily assignments.
Managers use information in the cash flowstatement to assess the liquidity of their agency.
Managers use information.
Managers use meetings for one-way communication from themselves to employees.
Managers use methods.
Managers use NVQs above all other programmes to expand their qualifications.
Managers use outcome indicators to track progress.
Managers use techniques.
Managers use telling, selling, consulting, and joining in various ways to suit the circumstances.
Managers Use the data list below to link to stacked pages.
Managers use the processes, techniques and tools of a specific area.
Managers use the ratings to design training and development programs, and determine annual bonuses.
Managers use the system to report absences and track time off.
Managers use the Web to review employees, glean intelligence on rivals and monitor sales.
Managers use the word-processing capabilities to draft and edit documents.
Managers use their training, experience and imagination to solve problems.
Managers use tools.
Managers verify that needed improvements are implemented.
Managers view some staff as resistant to change, obstructive and vindictive.
Managers view their job as being in charge and giving orders.
Managers view their presence as essential to the work getting done.
Managers visit scenes.
Managers volunteer to act as mentors to interns.
Managers wait for users to enter information to extract valuable information.
Managers want answers.
Managers wear black slacks, white business shirt and tie to express the professional image.
Managers wear golf shirts and slacks, but everyone else is free to wear jeans or even shorts.
Managers wear headsets and direct traffic efficiently.
Managers wear one color, and the workers have a choice of two colors.
Managers win because more satisfied staff are more motivated staff who are easier to supervise.
Managers work an average of seven hours a day.
Managers work at all levels, from the highest CEO to lower-ranking supervisory positions.
Managers work best within the status quo.
Managers work closely with the groups they manage, and discussions are open and honest.
Managers work in firms.
Managers work in the same areas as other associates.
Managers work through people.
Managers work to improve their own private party menus in both layout and marketing effectiveness.
Managers work very much as part of a team.
Managers work with managers.
Managers work with organizations.
Managers work with suppliers.
Managers write and evaluate policy, procedure, and rules and regulations.
Managers write of their struggle to keep offices and housing heated.
Managers always get short shrift.
Managers always play games with vendors.
Managers frequently make false assumptions about how much time they have to achieve goals.
Managers frequently meet with supervisors and get progress reports.
Managers often are the first to arrive and the last to leave at night.
Managers often assume that all sources are equal in producing long tenure hires.
Managers often become so immersed in work they miss the obvious.
Managers often become withdrawn and only superficially harmonious.
Managers often begin to see the hiring process as a recurring interruption to their productivity.
Managers often deal with great deal of paperwork and people.
Managers often expect instant results when dealing with difficult people.
Managers often experience the pressure of simultaneously coordinating a wide range of activities.
Managers often face consequences no matter what they decide.
Managers often fail to put much time into recruiting for a variety of reasons.
Managers often find key cabinets and offices left unlocked, exposing customer keys to theft.
Managers often find that, in practice, they have less authority than they had been led to believe.
Managers often get little training, and use the trial and error method to discover what works.
Managers often have to help others deal with personal crises, like alienation from their families.
Managers often have to make hard decisions - hard for their workforce, that is.
Managers often have to respond to demands for immediately connecting branch offices to headquarters.
Managers often have very little spare time.
Managers often ignore others' opinions as they get attached to their own solutions to a problem.
Managers often ignore the importance of training in the name of saving money.
Managers often leave because of stress.
Managers often live in an environment that demands timely results and simple explanations.
Managers often oppose asking employees such candid questions.
Managers often perform poorly because they are completely untrained.
Managers often profess a desire to be forward-thinking.
Managers often question post-college gaps in work history.
Managers often scam to get listed and lie through rights issues as losses mount.
Managers often underestimate the huge source of knowledge and insights available from employees.
Managers often use asset allocation to achieve diversification.
Managers often use computers to keep records.
Managers often use declining fish sizes as an indicator of an impacted species.
Managers often view training and development primarily as a benefit for junior employees.
Managers often wait until the last moment to tell investors bad news.
Managers often work off-shifts and weekends to complete all of the expectations for their role.
Managers often work under pressure because of schedule changes, problems, and deadlines.
Managers sometimes act as booking agents as well.
Managers sometimes ask.
Managers sometimes have to go to great lengths just to find information when legislators ask for it.
Managers sometimes show favoritism to their buddies.
Managers sometimes try to improve procedures in the office.
Managers usually can hire anyone in the top five or ten of the list.
Managers usually function with positive and constructive intent.
Managers usually have a chef or cook train the kitchen workers.
Managers usually have their own offices.
Managers usually oversee only one phase.
Managers usually seek a major decision, then implement, then manage results.
All managers are equal, except the ones that do what is necessary by performing the difficult task.
All managers are heavily involved in hands-on operational efforts.
All managers are human resource managers.
All managers are losers, they are the most expendable pieces of furniture on the face of the Earth.
All managers are managers of human resources.
All managers are more than happy to oblige.
All managers are responsible for monitoring the activity of their players.
All managers are responsible for the conduct of their players, coaches and fans.
All managers are responsible for the conduct of their players, coaches, and fans.
All managers are rich.
All managers can apply.
All managers complete the same basic training program.
All managers do a job as well as manage others.
All managers eat in the employee's cafeteria and there is no executive dining room.
All managers encounter employees that present challenges to their organization.
All managers face significant challenges.
All managers follow, and can explain, their roles in safety and health program management.
All managers have a planning responsibility.
All managers have access to our plans.
All managers have an open door policy.
All managers have performance agreements that reflect the strategic plan.
All managers have some degree of choice as to what work is to be done and how.
All managers know how hard it can be to make views heard, despite having persuasive points to make.
All managers know their own market places and when the majority of the sales are made.
All managers make decisions and sometimes they are right and sometimes people say they are wrong.
All managers make decisions.
All managers make mistakes.
All managers make numerous decisions.
All managers make operational decisions every day.
All managers plan, organize, lead, and control.
All managers promote the opportunities for development and success of their team.
All managers require information to reduce the level of uncertainty and to make good decisions.
Any manager can do it.
Any manager can get lucky in the short term.
Any manager can give a token to any employee they catch doing a great job.
Any manager seeking knowledge is deluged by information.
Every manager dreads having to drop the ax on an employee.
Every manager faces the challenge of educating staff while maintaining productivity.
Every manager has a different management style.
Every manager has a responsibility to motivate and supervise staff.
Every manager has different styles for different teams.
Every manager has to deal with performance, attitude, behavior or other employee problems.
Every manager has to examine the options for providing support.
Every manager has two jobs - that of supervisor and that of coach.
Every manager here signs a strict business ethics policy.
Every manager is an inspiration to the staff.
Every manager is different.
Every manager is held personally accountable for supporting our goals for diversity and inclusion.
Every manager is listed by name and title.
Every manager knows that one great employee accomplishes more than three or four mediocre employees.
Every manager likes to know that they have hired the right person for the job.
Every manager loves to fix parts of the organization that are broken.
Every manager needs a full set of tools and a mentor.
Every manager needs a thorough and fair performance evaluation.
Every manager needs to learn to drive down on-going costs.
Every manager owns at least one house.
Every manager selects one player per round until their roster is full.
Every manager wants to be in the second quartile or higher.
Every manager wants to feel like a good manager.
Many managers also use software to plan the best way to get materials to the building site.
Many managers are aware of the friction and are trying to do something about it.
Many managers are in the same boat.
Many managers are reluctant to give up any of their authority.
Many managers are sensitive to the needs of working students.
Many managers are skeptical of efforts to restructure work to better integrate work and family life.
Many managers are too focused on quarterly returns.
Many managers are unaware of the safety and health hazards in their work place.
Many managers are willing to be flexible in scheduling work for nurses who are in school.
Many managers assume that their own idea of good taste is the same as everybody else's.
Many managers attend meetings and conferences.
Many managers avoid giving honest evaluations because they fear confrontations.
Many managers become victims of quack software modification tools and services.
Many managers believe it's offering products with the best performance at the lowest price.
Many managers believe that competition is a good motivator.
Many managers believe that employees only work for money or tangible reward.
Many managers believe that high volumes of on-line information are a success measure.
Many managers believe that management is simply problem solving .
Many managers believe that motivating employees requires giving rewards.
Many managers believe that research work can be subcontracted or analysts can be trained.
Many managers concern themselves when they empower employees.
Many managers confuse fear and motivation.
Many managers consider nurses to be just another expense.
Many managers debate whether higher quality costs more or less.
Many managers deliberately distort and manipulate appraisals for political purposes.
Many managers do, and do so unwittingly.
Many managers earn bonuses each year.
Many managers earn bonuses.
Many managers expect a desperate and angry response.
Many managers experience a lot of headaches trying to get enough players to attend every game.
Many managers fail to recognize how important it is to keep heifers growing after weaning.
Many managers feel overwhelmed.
Many managers feel they have too much work to spend their time interviewing potential employees.
Many managers feel uncomfortable outside the protection of their offices and their secretaries.
Many managers find audits confusing and yet organizations engage in many types of audits.
Many managers find it difficult to discuss the negative aspects of an appraisal.
Many managers find it more cost effective to remotely train and manage employees.
Many managers get upset when job hunters try to beat down their door.
Many managers have access to the same information at the same time.
Many managers have authority to buy home-grown.
Many managers have experience of hardship.
Many managers have inadequate experience in integrating strategic plans into everyday work.
Many managers have liberal arts degrees in public administration or one of the social sciences.
Many managers have major concerns about two cost areas when it comes to safety.
Many managers have no idea how powerful appreciation and recognition are in motivating workers.
Many managers have one each for all to look at.
Many managers hire people from the virtual and software industry on the world wide web.
Many managers hold associate degrees in food management.
Many managers imagine the users of their web sites as browsers.
Many managers know consumer economics.
Many managers know exactly whom they want to promote - and only that person gets real consideration.
Many managers measure their own performance against stock indexes.
Many managers misinterpret such data.
Many managers now accept their role as facilitators and learning specialists.
Many managers offer a blended approach, incorporating elements of both styles.
Many managers receive a commission or a combination of salary and commission.
Many managers receive a commission, or a combination of salary and commission.
Many managers recognize that content is critical.
Many managers recommend that the meeting agendas be as detailed as possible.
Many managers resist terminating employees, fearing wrongful termination or discrimination lawsuits.
Many managers responding to such calls say as little as possible.
Many managers save their precious draft facilities for micros.
Many managers spend a great deal of time and energy solving their employees problems or challenges.
Many managers spend a majority of time teaching product knowledge.
Many managers spend time at home scheduling rather than playing catch with their kid's.
Many managers still have the mind-set that 'it's the friggin' employee' causing safety problems.
Many managers tend towards theory x, and generally get poor results.
Many managers think so, but they are sadly misguided.
Many managers think that once a case goes to the lawyer, that's all it takes.
Many managers traditionally view training largely as a tool to prepare employees for new positions.
Many managers treat spring training as a boot camp.
Many managers try to change the situation to suit their personal style.
Many managers view equipment as the central element in the success of carpet cleaning duties.
Many managers wrongly assume that everyone likes or wants the same types of rewards and recognition.
Most managers admit that's the only one they try to steal.
Most managers advise representatives.
Most managers advise sale representatives.
Most managers agree that planning never ceases.
Most managers also get a monthly utility allowance and occasionally some fringe benefits.
Most managers also receive one to three weeks of paid vacation each year.
Most managers analyze impact.
Most managers appear to oppose commercials, however.
Most managers apply principles.
Most managers are accustomed to functional units and activities which can virtually stand alone.
Most managers are accustomed to the premise that they are to plan, organize, lead, and control.
Most managers are action biased.
Most managers are assigned to facilities.
Most managers are bullish about commodity prices.
Most managers are caretakers for the stars, though, and do help.
Most managers are experts at that side of the business.
Most managers are good role-models for adapting to change.
Most managers are interested in leadership theory.
Most managers are interested in results.
Most managers are leery of throwing a youngster out there in a late inning pressure situation.
Most managers are more worried about office systems and software.
Most managers are risk averse.
Most managers are self-motivated people and can boost themselves.
Most managers are surprised to hear that their employees want to move up.
Most managers are toast.
Most managers are unaware of the true cost of faxing in their organization.
Most managers are up.
Most managers are very busy, making it hard to find ones who are able to give their time.
Most managers are weary of agreeing to connect their own pay to the whims of others.
Most managers ask people to change yet try to avoid the turbulence that goes with it.
Most managers assume they'll cut costs by moving interactions out of the call centre and onto email.
Most managers attend meetings.
Most managers become leaders.
Most managers believe that their employees are only motivated by money.
Most managers believe the weaker labor unions are, the better.
Most managers believe they make decisions by using analysis.
Most managers build teams.
Most managers can list the two, three or four most common reasons people have failed.
Most managers change goals.
Most managers come across as chipper and upbeat.
Most managers compare designs.
Most managers complain about the lack of able people and go outside to fill key positions.
Most managers concentrate on the financial aspects of their businesses.
Most managers conduct and write up a group of performance reviews at once.
Most managers consider climate impact.
Most managers consider effects.
Most managers consider factors.
Most managers consider hiring their most critical task.
Most managers consider impact.
Most managers consider many factors.
Most managers coordinate services.
Most managers describe jobs.
Most managers determine activities.
Most managers determine effective sale strategies.
Most managers determine effective strategies.
Most managers determine effort.
Most managers determine strategies.
Most managers devise ways.
Most managers do jobs.
Most managers don t sit in standards development meetings.
Most managers dread the thought of terminating an employee.
Most managers ensure cost.
Most managers estimate amounts.
Most managers evaluate alternatives.
Most managers expect to continue trimming stocks in the next few months.
Most managers face decisions.
Most managers face difficulty.
Most managers feel others and themselves are operating in an ethical manner.
Most managers feel the same way.
Most managers find applications.
Most managers find evidence.
Most managers focus effort.
Most managers focus on aspects.
Most managers genuinely ask for employees' input, and they use the input in positive ways.
Most managers get in trouble when they start evaluating new ideas during the Generative stage.
Most managers handle issues.
Most managers have a free hand to restructure work for industry's own benefit and convenience.
Most managers have appropriate skills.
Most managers have at least a passing interest in the job satisfaction of their employees.
Most managers have checklists.
Most managers have choices.
Most managers have employees.
Most managers have extensive contacts within the industry.
Most managers have industries.
Most managers have information.
Most managers have no idea about the value of their own companies' intangible assets.
Most managers have offices.
Most managers have proposals.
Most managers have responsibility.
Most managers have roles.
Most managers have skills.
Most managers have stories.
Most managers have tasks.
Most managers hire workers.
Most managers hold decisions.
Most managers identify adverse events.
Most managers identify events.
Most managers identify possible adverse events.
Most managers identify status.
Most managers implement techniques.
Most managers improve beneficial effects.
Most managers improve effects.
Most managers increase stability.
Most managers intellectually accept the value of coaching.
Most managers interview over and over and dread the process.
Most managers know annual cost.
Most managers know cost.
Most managers know perfectly well that they have to do better.
Most managers know they have a variety of options when it comes to influencing employees.
Most managers lead employees.
Most managers lead front line employees.
Most managers leave companies.
Most managers like to prepare for interviews.
Most managers log on every day to see how their teams fared.
Most managers maintain facilities.
Most managers make announcements.
Most managers make decisions.
Most managers make responsible decisions.
Most managers make skills.
Most managers misunderstand the real reason for doing sales training.
Most managers naturally prefer someone who can continue to work during the school year as well.
Most managers never discuss the future.
Most managers notice, and address, changes in the ways employees act.
Most managers now have advanced degrees.
Most managers now have the authority to approve awards.
Most managers offer services.
Most managers only use a few conditionals.
Most managers oversee contractors.
Most managers oversee specialty trade contractors.
Most managers pay attention.
Most managers pay special attention.
Most managers perform tasks.
Most managers plan to continue trimming inventories in coming months.
Most managers provide feedback.
Most managers provide guidance.
Most managers provide services.
Most managers really are more than ready to use accurate information to make better decisions.
Most managers receive a commission or a combination of salary and commission.
Most managers receive a salary rather than being paid by the hour.
Most managers recognize effects.
Most managers recognize negative effects.
Most managers recognize potential effects.
Most managers recognize potential negative effects.
Most managers recognize tasks.
Most managers recognize that ventilation management is involved in controlling tail-biting.
Most managers recommend assignments.
Most managers rely on pools.
Most managers respond to customers.
Most managers say two pages are fine, but no more.
Most managers scramble to get the new stuff running.
Most managers see five years as a magic threshold.
Most managers see the review process as simply a means to back up a dismissal.
Most managers select reviewers or make decisions and therefore influence the proposal outcome.
Most managers send out newsletters only twice a year - if at all.
Most managers show up with a solution.
Most managers solve problems.
Most managers speak English well enough to communicate effectively.
Most managers spend a small percentage of their time conducting selection interviews.
Most managers spend too much time in too many meetings for too few results.
Most managers start in supervisory or trainee positions.
Most managers supervise activities.
Most managers support customer value as a goal.
Most managers take approaches.
Most managers take care.
Most managers take notes.
Most managers take team approaches.
Most managers talk to customers.
Most managers think a lot about cash flow.
Most managers think only of the explicit knowledge.
Most managers think that wages are the most important consideration to their workers.
Most managers think the best way to manage a lineup is to get the staff to work faster.
Most managers think the key to building a team is to focus on harmony and camaraderie, first.
Most managers train members.
Most managers understand components.
Most managers understand development.
Most managers understand dynamic forces model.
Most managers use an intuitive approach to balance animal demand with forage supply.
Most managers use functions.
Most managers use information.
Most managers use methods.
Most managers use one or two types of glasses to save money.
Most managers use techniques.
Most managers use their diary as an appointment book or a 'daily to do' list.
Most managers use tools.
Most managers visit scenes.
Most managers work in firms.
Most managers work long hours.
Most managers work out of their homes.
Most managers work their way into management positions through technical assignments.
Most managers work with managers.
Most managers work with organizations.
Most managers work with suppliers.
Most managers worry about what their people are doing wrong.
Some managers add proteins.
Some managers admit that there is a problem but many others deny it.
Some managers adopt that motto as their management style.
Some managers also provide services, such as nursing or homemaking, through their own agencies.
Some managers also receive commissions on sales.
Some managers are control freaks who have a hard time loosening up the reins.
Some managers are great with people, but sloppy at keeping up with details.
Some managers are just plain stubborn.
Some managers are just terrible at hiring.
Some managers are natural retention experts.
Some managers are overly concerned with conflict-avoidance.
Some managers are quite deliberate about such things as communications, development and motivation.
Some managers are resistant to Telecommuting.
Some managers are the gatekeepers.
Some managers arrange parties and catering.
Some managers ask officers.
Some managers avoid native thistles.
Some managers avoid thistles.
Some managers begin working at a company directly after college or graduate school.
Some managers believe it is counterproductive.
Some managers break fiduciary risk down to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk.
Some managers bring soup.
Some managers build applications.
Some managers buy both kinds of stocks, building a portfolio of both growth and value stocks.
Some managers buy finished goods, such as machines or shoes.
Some managers cite long hours and continued pressure for higher profits as hardships.
Some managers collaborate with engineers.
Some managers confirm news.
Some managers consider bait.
Some managers consider establishments.
Some managers consider fireweeds.
Some managers consider rodent bait.
Some managers consider technology.
Some managers create habitats.
Some managers deal with damage.
Some managers define purposes.
Some Managers desire personal coaching as part of their development effort.
Some managers determine areas.
Some managers develop a formal weighing system which assigns points to each job factor.
Some managers divide their offices into personal and impersonal areas.
Some managers do, unfortunately, play games.
Some managers don t want to hear our problems, but expect to see results.
Some managers doubt that employees can work without continual supervision.
Some managers encounter a mental block when in an interview.
Some managers encourage independence, while others are more protective.
Some managers enjoy it so much that they create it.
Some managers enjoy studying every screen every day.
Some managers ensure productivity.
Some managers enter occupations.
Some managers escape death.
Some managers evaluate odor.
Some managers even predict an adverse impact on government service.
Some managers even use hundreds of separate spreadsheets all linked together.
Some managers even waive dealing costs for investors in their savings schemes.
Some managers eventually open their own eating and drinking establishments.
Some managers expand the critical incident approach by placing a numerical rating on each incident.
Some managers fear a loss of control if their departments' knowledge is made available to others.
Some managers find defects.
Some managers find it difficult to be assertive enough to deal with unmet expectations.
Some managers find that their career has developed new areas of responsibilities.
Some managers follow growth.
Some managers forget everything.
Some managers gain insight.
Some managers get better results than others.
Some managers get keys.
Some managers give the test to everyone they interview.
Some Managers have a more specialized project than others, some spend more time managing a team.
Some managers have children.
Some managers have customer service staff to handle inquiries.
Some managers have little knowledge or training on how to best utilize the talents of an intern.
Some managers hire construction managers.
Some managers hire managers.
Some managers improve management.
Some managers improve roadside management.
Some managers increase distribution.
Some managers keep a very close check on their organization.
Some managers keep careful control of their staff.
Some managers know operations and others are marketing experts.
Some managers like to approve general concepts while others want more specific details.
Some managers like to guard the lines late in a close game.
Some managers like to think of their employees as a team.
Some managers look for countries.
Some managers maintain dry habitats.
Some managers maintain dry prairie habitats.
Some managers maintain habitats.
Some managers maintain prairie habitats.
Some managers make the mistake of maximizing pig numbers by overloading the cooler.
Some managers manage operations.
Some managers meet with engineers.
Some managers meet with the public or government officials.
Some managers monitor limits.
Some managers move up and down the capitalization spectrum, depending on market conditions.
Some managers occasionally travel to other branches and property sites.
Some managers participate in technical projects.
Some managers prefer to be so hands on that they lose sight of their real jobs.
Some managers prepare for heat waves.
Some managers prepare for waves.
Some managers produce better results.
Some managers produce results.
Some managers provide habitats.
Some managers question the importance of motivation.
Some managers receive a commission instead of a salary.
Some managers receive commissions.
Some managers recognize possibility.
Some managers recognize roles.
Some managers recognize talent.
Some managers reduce impact.
Some managers regularly help with cooking, clearing of tables, or other tasks.
Some managers remove invasive plants.
Some managers remove invasive woody plants.
Some managers remove plants.
Some managers remove woody plants.
Some managers report experiencing a feeling of unreality about the entire situation.
Some managers report increased illness, especially more colds and flu in the winter.
Some managers require it in their contracts.
Some managers roll up their sleeves and get to work.
Some managers say that the key difference between the market then and now is perception.
Some managers say that they have never regretted firing anyone.
Some managers seek jobs.
Some managers serve as experts.
Some managers serve as financial experts.
Some managers share values.
Some managers skew high for fear of being critical.
Some managers snap and snarl their way through the pressures of the job.
Some managers snap and snarl their ways through the pressures of the relegation dog-fight.
Some managers speak of designing their organizations.
Some managers start out as human resources specialists or labor relations specialists .
Some managers supervise the schedules for service.
Some managers supervise their employees closely, while others use a loose rein.
Some managers supervise workers.
Some managers support decisions.
Some managers support using firm fixed price contract vehicles.
Some managers take actions.
Some managers take issues.
Some managers take steps.
Some managers think it is easier and quicker to do the work themselves.
Some managers think of the plan as a business blueprint.
Some managers think that's the way to treat employees.
Some managers travel frequently.
Some managers try to solve their problems by working backwards from the newscast.
Some managers use applications.
Some managers use cost.
Some managers use plants.
Some managers use reproduction.
Some managers use software.
Some managers use that continuous updating as an excuse to slip a week every week.
Some managers use the tools in conjunction with major network management software.
Some managers view derivatives as instruments that are too complex to understand.
Some managers view harassing behavior as an extension of that right.
Some managers watch things happen.
Some managers wean buffalo calves in the fall of the year.
Some managers work for manufacturers.
Some managers work with carpenters.
Managerial accounting focuses on using accounting information in order to make business decisions.
Managerial accounting is utilized as a tool to understand the financial health of the organization.
Managerial accounting looks forward while financial accounting looks backward.
Managerial accounting provides financial information is used to make business decisions.
Managerial accounting provides the essential data with which organizations are actually run.
Managerial approval is required.
Managerial capacity is an important factor involving education, experience and motivation.
Managerial capacity is an important factor that involves education, experience and motivation.
Managerial capacity refers to the system s institutional and administrative capabilities.
Managerial capacity refers to the system's institutional and administrative capabilities.
Managerial communication can benefit greatly from the advancement of information technology.
Managerial compensations are among the highest in the industry.
Managerial control ensures that resources and activities achieve primary goals.
Managerial control is maintained by regular performance reviews.
Managerial decision making involves four steps.
Most managerial decisions require manipulation of derived data.
Managerial duties seem to be limited to organizing coffee breaks.
Managerial effectiveness can improve if managers make appropriate media choices.
Managerial effectiveness depends on the knowledge and skills used in decision-making.
Managerial efficiency includes keeping a stern eye on absenteeism.
Managerial employees are ineligible for union participation.
Much managerial energy is devoted to creating demand to fill excess capacity.
Managerial entrenchment makes deferred compensation credible but creates a hold-up problem.
Managerial experience is a plus.
Managerial experience is preferred.
Managerial expertise is also highly desirable.
Managerial figures are the only ones qualified to do it, apparently.
Managerial finance deals with financial decisions in a business organization.
Managerial finance focuses on the management of non-financial firms.
Managerial implications are detailed.
Some managerial implications follow from our findings.
Most managerial jobs have to cope with unpredictability.
Most managerial jobs involve an element of people management, whatever the specialism.
Managerial leadership operates the system basically the same, with limited changes or results.
Managerial monitoring represents the very core of what the organization strives to achieve.
Managerial personnel cost more than faculty.
Managerial positions are fewer.
Managerial positions require the management of a process and people.
Many managerial positions require bachelor's and master's degrees.
Managerial problem solving using computer spreadsheet analysis is a central part of the course.
Managerial processes are subject to the differential values and customs of various cultures.
Managerial relevance is a key criterion in the final decision process.
Managerial responsibilities are highly likely.
Managerial role is an organized set of behaviors common to the work of all managers.
Managerial salaries are comparatively high compared to administrative positions in France.
Managerial salaries are considerably higher than technical salaries.
Managerial skills are essential to the operation of networks, information systems and databases.
Managerial skills can have payoffs in the performing arts.
Managerial skills focus on institutional components of environmental decision-making.
Managerial staff are likely to manage a group of supervisory or professional staff.
Managerial statistics is a very challenging yet valuable area of study.
Many managerial styles are in the business world today.
Managerial success requires sound preparation in the supervisory basics.
Managerial talent is worth a premium, but telemarketing remains an essentially low-margin business.
Managerial tool features designed for accountants and financial managers.
Managerial tool features designed for purchasing managers.
Managerial value profiles as predictors of policy decisions in a cross-cultural setting.
Manakins are notable for their elaborate courtship displays.
Manakins have among the most elaborate courtship displays of any birds.
Manakins have short tails, rounded wings, and a short but wide bill with a small hooked tip.
Manakins inhabit tropical forests, feed on fruit and insects, and nest in bushes.
Manana Island is known to many as Rabbit Island.
A manat is an unit
Manat is fully convertible currency.
Manatee calves drink milk.
Some manatee conservation involves partners.
Manatee County is a beautiful place to live.
Manatee County is a major producer of tomatoes and nursery products.
Manatee County is also home to of one of the nation's largest growers of cut flowers.
Manatee County is divided by map into different land Ranges.
Manatee County is on the Gulf Coast just south of Tampa Bay.
Manatee County produces more tomatoes than any other Florida county.
Manatee mortality databases contain results.
A manatee is a sirenian
Manatee isa mammal.
Manatee killing boat speeders account for over one quarter of the total manatee deaths.
Manatees also converge around power plant outfalls and warm-water discharges.
Manatees also drown in gill nets, or get trapped in canal locks or floodgates.
Manatees also eat algae.
Manatees also have hair on their bodies which is fine and one to two inches in length.
Manatees also have two other special breathing adaptations.
Manatees also use deep-water channels when traveling, so be cautious.
Manatees also use their vibrissae to navigate the turbid waterways of their environment.
Manatees appear in areas.
Manatees appear in sea.
Manatees appear to be even more critical.
Manatees are a little bigger than dugongs.
Manatees are a migrant species.
Manatees are a migratory species.
Manatees are a pain in the rudder strikes the ear as a wee bit harsh.
Manatees are able to move freely from saltwater to freshwater.
Manatees are able to sense odors in the water.
Manatees are able to steer, bank, and roll simply by adjusting tail position.
Manatees are active day and night.
Manatees are agile and play by twisting and turning over to express emotions.
Manatees are also a federally listed endangered species in the United States.
Manatees are also in the area.
Manatees are also snorkelers and have to come up to the surface every few minutes to breath.
Manatees are also vulnerable to collisions with speedboats .
Manatees are among the least mermaidenly of all mammals.
Manatees are an endangered species of ancient water mammals with no enemies except for humans.
Manatees are an endangered species, protected under the Federal Endangered Species Act .
Manatees are an endangered species, with a few thousand, at most, left in U.S. waters.
Manatees are an endangered species. .
Manatees are an endangered species.
Manatees are as calm as cows grazing in a meadow.
Manatees are at home in Melbourne.
Manatees are at risk of disease, malnutrition and other hazards as a result.
Manatees are big and gray.
Manatees are big gray mammals that are very kind and gentle.
Manatees are born underwater.
Manatees are completely harmless and nonaggressive and are often shy and reclusive.
Manatees are completely herbivorous.
Manatees are cool.
Manatees are distant relatives of elephants.
Manatees are endangered mammals.
Manatees are found in both salt and fresh water.
Manatees are fragile animals.
Manatees are from the prehistoric era.
Manatees are gentle and slow-moving.
Manatees are gentle creatures that enjoy being patted and pet by humans.
Manatees are gentle creatures, shy and somewhat reclusive.
Manatees are giant, slow-moving, gentle animals that feed on plants in shallow coastal waters.
Manatees are grayish-brown.
Manatees are grazers who search for food along the waters bottom and surface.
Manatees are grey and brown in color.
Manatees are hard of hearing.
Manatees are harmless.
Manatees are herbivores and are essential in grazing certain marine plants.
Manatees are herbivores and eat marine and freshwater plants.
Manatees are herbivores and feed on a variety of submerged, emergent and floating plants.
Manatees are herbivores and subsist entirely on vegetation.
Manatees are herbivores and they maintain their giant size by feeding primarily on seagrass.
Manatees are herbivores which feed upon a wide variety of submerged and emergent vegetation.
Manatees are herbivores, and eat a large variety of submerged, emergent, and floating plants.
Manatees are herbivores, mainly grass eaters.
Manatees are herbivores, meaning they eat only plants.
Manatees are herbivores, which means that they only consume plants.
Manatees are herbivores.
Manatees are herbivorous , meaning they feed on plants.
Manatees are herbivorous animals and spend six to eight hours a day eating.
Manatees are herbivorous animals that eat submerged, floating, emergent and shoreline vegetation.
Manatees are indeed big, but that's one of their defense mechanisms.
Manatees are inside oceans.
Manatees are inside water.
Manatees are intolerant of cold weather.
Manatees are known as generalist herbivores.
Manatees are large friendly mammals which inhabit the fresh water rivers and springs of Florida.
Manatees are large marine mammals.
Manatees are large, gentle sea creatures that live along the Florida coast.
Manatees are large, slow-moving animals that frequent coastal waters and rivers.
Manatees are long-lived and reproduce slowly.
Manatees are mammals that live in warm fresh water and seawater.
Manatees are mammals.
Manatees are mammals.
Manatees are marine mammals that belong to the order Sirenia, from the word siren.
Manatees are marine mammals, just like whales and dolphins.
Manatees are marine mammals, like dolphins and whales.
Manatees are marine mammals, which means they live in the water and breathe air.
Manatees are marine mammals.
Manatees are migratory and concentrate in Florida in the winter.
Manatees are migratory animals adapted to both saltwater and freshwater habitats.
Manatees are nonaggressive, gentle mammals.
Manatees are now quite rare.
Manatees are one of the best-loved, yet most controversial, species in Florida.
Manatees are one of the most endangered species, yet one of the most gentle creatures on earth.
Manatees are one of the only animals that keep replacing their teeth their entire lives.
Manatees are placental mammals.
Manatees are primarily herbivorous, feeding on sea grasses and other vegetation.
Manatees are quite agile creatures.
Manatees are reptiles if and only if lemurs are birds.
Manatees are reptiles.
Manatees are sea cows.
Manatees are sea mammals.
Manatees are slate gray to brownish in color with slightly wrinkled skin.
Manatees are slow moving animals.
Manatees are slow moving mammals that frequent the water's surface.
Manatees are slow-moving creatures that feed on aquatic vegetation.
Manatees are the fat goth kids of the ocean.
Manatees are the gentle giants of the coast.
Manatees are the most studied of Florida's rare creatures.
Manatees are the only animal known to have a vascularized cornea .
Manatees are the only marine mammals that are herbivores.
Manatees are the world's only truly herbivorous, aquatic mammals.
Manatees are under constant stress on our waterways.
Manatees are usually grayish brown.
Manatees are usually slow but they can get fast.
Manatees are vegetarians.
Manatees are very agile and maneuver quite well underwater.
Manatees are very friendly and they like getting scratched on their chin and chest.
Manatees are very gentle creatures.
Manatees are very gentle, slow-moving, graceful swimmers.
Manatees are very sensitive to sound.
Manatees are very slow animals which is a result of their low metabolic rate.
Manatees are very slow moving.
Manatees are very slow.
Manatees are very susceptible to cold weather.
Manatees are what are called hind-gut animals.
Manatees are year round residents in Florida's coastal waterways.
Manatees attract attention.
Manatees avoid specific plants such as splatterdock and waterpennywort that contain natural toxins.
Manatees avoid specific plants, such as spatterdock and waterpennywort, that contain natural toxins.
Manatees breathe through their nostrils, just like seals.
Manatees breed year-round, but most calves are born in the spring and summer.
Manatees bring food.
Manatees bring tourists to Florida, and they remain a piece of local culture and lore.
Manatees bunch up getting ready to move to warmer waters when serious cold weather threatens.
Manatees can also die as a result of sustained exposure to cold.
Manatees can breed and give birth at any time during the year.
Manatees can hear quite well, at least at high frequencies.
Manatees can hear very well despite the absence of external ear lobes.
Manatees can live for several decades.
Manatees can live in fresh and salt water.
Manatees can see fairly well underwater.
Manatees can stay submerged for up to fifteen minutes.
Manatees can take of their own freshwater needs.
Manatees cluster in winter where plants discharge warm water.
Manatees come from sea.
Manatees come here for the warm natural springs that feed the river.
Manatees communicate by squealing under water to demonstrate fear, stress or excitement.
Manatees communicate through sound, sight, taste, touch, and smell.
Manatees communicate with each other by emitting sounds underwater that are audible to humans.
Manatees communicate with squeaks and squeals.
Manatees comprise three of the four living species in the order Sirenia .
Manatees continuously replace worn teeth.
Manatees cope with conditions.
Manatees count among their close relatives the elephant and the rock hyrax.
Manatees depend on food that is vegetation.
Manatees depend on food.
Manatees depend on grass beds in shallow coastal zones for food and habitat.
Manatees depend on seagrass and other aquatic vegetation for food.
Manatees depend on water.
Manatees destroy seagrass beds by tearing the vegetation out by the roots.
Manatees die from natural circumstances as well, such as cold stress or disease.
Manatees do lots of chewing.
Manatees do typically perform a diving behavior when a boat approaches.
Manatees drink fresh water.
Manatees eat many different kinds of water plants.
Manatees eat marine and freshwater plants.
Manatees eat plants all day.
Manatees eat sea grasses.
Manatees eat submerged and floating vegetation.
Manatees eat vegetation.
Manatees emit sound under the water.
Manatees emit sound underwater.
Manatees especially depend on rainforests.
Manatees exhibit symptoms.
Manatees face many challenges to survive in the wild.
Manatees feed almost exclusively on plants that grow in fresh and saltwater environments.
Manatees feed in bays.
Manatees feed in rivers.
Manatees feed in water.
Manatees feed off the bottom, in the water column and at the surface.
Manatees feed off the bottom, in the water column, and at the surface.
Manatees feed on plants that grow in the water like water weeds, sea grasses, and algae.
Manatees feed on the vegetation they find in the shallow water of rivers and along coastlines.
Manatees float in water.
Manatees float, swim and rest all within water.
Manatees gather there to enjoy the warm water produced as part of electricity generation.
Manatees get their freshwater from river mouths, run-offs and water treatment plant outfalls.
Manatees give birth to calves.
Manatees give birth to one baby each year.
Manatees give birth to one young each year.
Manatees give birth to their young in the seclusion of isolated rivers and inlets.
Manatees go into heat.
Manatees grow new teeth all the time.
Manatees has-part bones.
Manatees has-part brains.
Manatees has-part eyes.
Manatees has-part lobes.
Manatees has-part necks.
Manatees has-part nostrils.
Manatees has-part teeth.
Manatees has-part vertebrae.
Manatees have (part) breasts.
Manatees have (part) cell membranes.
Manatees have (part) cells.
Manatees have (part) chest cavities.
Manatees have (part) chests.
Manatees have (part) corpi.
Manatees have (part) cytoplasm.
Manatees have (part) ears.
Manatees have (part) faces.
Manatees have (part) flippers.
Manatees have (part) heads.
Manatees have (part) nuclei.
Manatees have (part) pedal extremities.
Manatees have (part) piluses.
Manatees have (part) plasma membranes.
Manatees have (part) rib cages.
Manatees have (part) sections.
Manatees have (part) skulls.
Manatees have (part) sterna.
Manatees have (part) vacuoles.
Manatees have (part) vertebrate feet.
Manatees have a difficult life coexisting with the human species.
Manatees have a horizontally flattened tail fluke and a pair of front flippers like whales do.
Manatees have a large flexible upper lip.
Manatees have a large, double-nostriled snout.
Manatees have a low reproduction rate.
Manatees have a nictitating membrane that can be drawn across their eyeball for protection.
Manatees have a nictitating membrane which can be drawn across the eyeball for protection.
Manatees have a nictitating membrane which is an extra inner eyelid protecting the eye.
Manatees have a pinhole on each side of their head that looks like a small dimple.
Manatees have a round, flattened paddle-shaped tail, and two front flippers.
Manatees have a slow reproductive rate.
Manatees have a tough, wrinkled brown to gray skin that is continually being sloughed off.
Manatees have about as many aggressive tendencies as they do eyelashes.
Manatees have an endless supply of molars.
Manatees have an enormous ability to fight infection because they posses so many white blood cells.
Manatees have an enormous capacity to eat aquatic plants.
Manatees have an unusual adaption which minimizes the impact of wear.
Manatees have bones.
Manatees have density.
Manatees have distribution.
Manatees have ear bones.
Manatees have enemies.
Manatees have exceptional hearing.
Manatees have few natural predators.
Manatees have few predators other than man.
Manatees have fingernails at the tips of their flippers.
Manatees have four toe nails.
Manatees have high density.
Manatees have high population density.
Manatees have intestines.
Manatees have large ear bones that are well developed at birth.
Manatees have lungs like humans and breathe through there nostrils.
Manatees have minds of their own.
Manatees have natural enemies.
Manatees have natural predators.
Manatees have no dorsal fin or dorsal ridge.
Manatees have no external discernable neck.
Manatees have no external ear lobes, very small eyes, a long snout and big, bristled lips.
Manatees have no externally discernible neck.
Manatees have nomadic tendencies, pausing in areas that supply their needs and then moving on.
Manatees have olfactory tissue on small internal nasal bones and can probably smell.
Manatees have only six neck vertebrae.
Manatees have other headaches too.
Manatees have paddlelike tails and foreflippers, and no hind limbs.
Manatees have population density.
Manatees have predators.
Manatees have sensitive tactile hairs that cover their bodies and faces called vibrissae .
Manatees have shorter snouts than their fellow sirenians , the dugongs .
Manatees have slow metabolisms, and cold water can drain their body heat.
Manatees have smallish, puffy-looking heads adorned with a wide, blunt snout and short whiskers.
Manatees have snouts.
Manatees have to share the coastal waters of Florida with lots and lots of boaters.
Manatees have well-developed eyes.
Manatees have wide distribution.
Manatees have wide-ranging migratory habits.
Manatees ingest various debris incidental to feeding.
Manatees inhabit areas.
Manatees inhabit coastal areas.
Manatees inhabit estuaries and interlacing channels.
Manatees inhabit the Southern Hemisphere and are easiest to find in Florida.
Manatees lift heads.
Manatees like to bask in warm water just under the surface, and they are slow swimmers.
Manatees like to be touched and scratched.
Manatees like to eat sea grasses and other plants.
Manatees like to hang out by the surface of the water and sunbathe.
Manatees like to spend the winter in the spring run.
Manatees live in areas.
Manatees live in bays.
Manatees live in both fresh and salt water.
Manatees live in coastal areas.
Manatees live in estuarine waters.
Manatees live in fresh water.
Manatees live in marshy lands of the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean.
Manatees live in quiet areas.
Manatees live in salt water and in fresh water .
Manatees live in salt water and in fresh water.
Manatees live in salt water.
Manatees live in shallow, calm rivers, estuaries, saltwater bays, canals, and coastal areas.
Manatees live in the United States in the waters off Florida.
Manatees live in water.
Manatees live in waterways.
Manatees live on seagrass.
Manatees live on the coasts of the Atlantic Ocean and the rivers .
Manatees live on the coasts of the Atlantic Ocean and the rivers.
Manatees live there, along with increasing numbers of humans.
Manatees love water.
Manatees make occasional appearances, too.
Manatees make their home in shallow coastal waters, bays, and springs.
Manatees make underwater sounds when frightened, sexually aroused or interacting with each other.
Manatees migrate in winter.
Manatees migrate into warmer places in the winter.
Manatees mostly give birth to single calf, but it has been known to give twins.
Manatees mostly live alone.
Manatees move from fresh to salt water with no problem.
Manatees move in slow motion.
Manatees move slowly and have difficulty evading boats operating at planing speeds.
Manatees move slowly, and they are also slow to reproduce.
Manatees move through water.
Manatees need warmth.
Manatees never go on land.
Manatees occupy a wide variety of estuarine and freshwater habitats in Florida and Georgia.
Manatees occur in Florida.
Manatees occur in rivers.
Manatees particularly enjoy grazing on submerged vascular plants.
Manatees pollute the water by discharging their wastes.
Manatees possess an amazingly reduced pelvis.
Manatees possess babies.
Manatees possess bodies.
Manatees possess heartbeats.
Manatees possess incisors.
Manatees possess sides.
Manatees prefer estuaries, rivers or coastal waters.
Manatees prefer freshwater aquatic habitats and coastal saltwater marshes.
Manatees prefer water.
Manatees probably recognize each other by the sounds they make and by touch.
Manatees produce squeaks and chirps.
Manatees range from Florida to the Atlantic coast of central Brazil.
Manatees range in color from gray to brown.
Manatees reach sexual maturity in two to five years.
Manatees rely on warm water.
Manatees rely on water.
Manatees reproduce slowly.
Manatees require oxygen.
Manatees require water.
Manatees return to a normal, shallow dive after a single breath.
Manatees return to locations.
Manatees return to oceans.
Manatees roam oceans.
Manatees roam sea.
Manatees search for food.
Manatees seek food.
Manatees seek shelter.
Manatees seek water.
Manatees share water.
Manatees show little fear of people.
Manatees sleep at the bottom.
Manatees sleep with the nostrils poking above the water.
Manatees spend most of their day feeding and resting.
Manatees spend most of their time eating, sleeping and moving from one patch of weeds to the next.
Manatees spend most of their time feeding and resting.
Manatees spend most of their time feeding, resting or travelling.
Manatees spend some of their time cruising in shallow water near the surface.
Manatees spend the majority of their lives feeding and resting.
Manatees spend their lives moving between freshwater, brackish, and saltwater environments.
Manatees still have nails.
Manatees swim alone, in pairs or in small groups of three to six animals.
Manatees swim in estuaries.
Manatees swim in oceans.
Manatees swim in rivers.
Manatees swim in sea.
Manatees swim in water.
Manatees swim slowly and on the surface in shallower areas.
Manatees swim two to six miles per hour.
Manatees thrive in lagoons.
Manatees thrive in some of the lagoons, as well as crocodiles.
Manatees to digest food.
Manatees use flippers.
Manatees use fresh water.
Manatees use the upper Crystal River area as a refuge to escape the cold. .
Manatees use their front flippers and large flexible lips to manipulate vegetation.
Manatees use their front flippers and large, flexible lips to manipulate vegetation.
Manatees use their lips and front flippers to move the plants into the mouth.
Manatees use their tail in an up and down motion to propel themselves forward.
Manatees use their tail to propel themselves forward and are surprisingly agile in the water.
Manatees use various forms of communication in the water such as sound, sight, taste and touch.
Manatees use various forms of communication in the water.
Manatees use water.
Manatees utilize water.
Manatees venture into deep ocean water.
Manatees venture into deep water.
Manatees venture into ocean water.
Manatees venture into water.
Manatees wash up on beaches.
Manatees frequently migrate great distances and return to a favorite spot.
Manatees often congregate near power plants, which warm the waters.
Manatees often return to the same location, wintering year after year.
Manatees often swim alone or in pairs.
Manatees often travel alone, in pairs or in small groups.
Manatees sometimes live in fresh water and some have even lived in Lake Okeechobee.
Manatees sometimes visit.
Manatees usually bear one calf although twins have been recorded.
Manatees usually give birth to their young during the winter stay at the warm water springs.
All manatees are herbivores, they eat plants.
All manatees are herbivores.
All manatees are threatened or endangered.
All manatees eat vegetation.
All manatees have sparse hair scattered over their bodies.
All manatees inhabit tropical and subtropical waters of North and South America and Africa.
Many manatees die from internal injuries sustained when hit by the hull of boats including airboats.
Many manatees die from such encounters.
Many manatees have scars caused primarily by boat propellers.
Many manatees have visible scars from propeller cuts in their flesh.
Many manatees recover quickly and are released into sites in the general vicinity of the rescue.
More manatees mean more collisions with watercraft.
Most manatees appear in areas.
Most manatees appear in sea.
Most manatees are inside oceans.
Most manatees are inside water.
Most manatees attract attention.
Most manatees bring food.
Most manatees come from sea.
Most manatees cope with conditions.
Most manatees depend on food.
Most manatees depend on water.
Most manatees eat vegetation.
Most manatees feed in bays.
Most manatees feed in rivers.
Most manatees feed in water.
Most manatees float in water.
Most manatees give birth to calves.
Most manatees go into heat.
Most manatees habitually use the same warm refuges each year.
Most manatees has-part bones.
Most manatees has-part brains.
Most manatees has-part eyes.
Most manatees has-part lobes.
Most manatees has-part necks.
Most manatees has-part nostrils.
Most manatees has-part teeth.
Most manatees has-part vertebrae.
Most manatees have a pattern of scars on their backs or tails from collisions with boats.
Most manatees have boat motor scars on their backs.
Most manatees have bones.
Most manatees have density.
Most manatees have distribution.
Most manatees have ear bones.
Most manatees have enemies.
Most manatees have high density.
Most manatees have high population density.
Most manatees have intestines.
Most manatees have natural enemies.
Most manatees have natural predators.
Most manatees have patterns on their backs and tails after suviving collisions with boats.
Most manatees have population density.
Most manatees have predators.
Most manatees have snouts.
Most manatees have wide distribution.
Most manatees inhabit coastal areas.
Most manatees lift heads.
Most manatees live in areas.
Most manatees live in bays.
Most manatees live in coastal areas.
Most manatees live in fresh water.
Most manatees live in quiet areas.
Most manatees live in rivers and bays in Florida.
Most manatees live in salt water.
Most manatees live in water.
Most manatees live in waterways.
Most manatees migrate in winter.
Most manatees move through water.
Most manatees occur in Florida.
Most manatees occur in rivers.
Most manatees possess babies.
Most manatees possess bodies.
Most manatees possess heartbeats.
Most manatees possess incisors.
Most manatees prefer water.
Most manatees rely on warm water.
Most manatees rely on water.
Most manatees require oxygen.
Most manatees require water.
Most manatees return to locations.
Most manatees return to oceans.
Most manatees seek food.
Most manatees seek shelter.
Most manatees seek water.
Most manatees swim in estuaries.
Most manatees swim in oceans.
Most manatees swim in rivers.
Most manatees swim in sea.
Most manatees swim in water.
Most manatees thrive in lagoons.
Most manatees use flippers.
Most manatees use fresh water.
Most manatees use water.
Most manatees utilize water.
Most manatees wash up on beaches.
Some manatees are inside rivers.
Some manatees are killed by boats.
Some manatees belong to families.
Some manatees depend on eyes.
Some manatees depend on oceans.
Some manatees die each year from exposure to the cold, especially recently weaned sub-adults.
Some manatees die in water.
Some manatees feed in oceans.
Some manatees go to bays.
Some manatees has-part molars.
Some manatees has-part nipples.
Some manatees have better opportunity.
Some manatees have chests.
Some manatees have fingernails.
Some manatees have opportunity.
Some manatees have sanctuaries.
Some manatees have three or four nails on the tip of each flipper.
Some manatees hear boats.
Some manatees inhabit environments.
Some manatees inhabit lakes.
Some manatees inhabit marine environments.
Some manatees live in Florida.
Some manatees play in rivers.
Some manatees play in water.
Some manatees possess enemies.
Some manatees reach maturity.
Some manatees reach sexual maturity.
Some manatees return to sea.
Some manatees ride current.
Some manatees share ancestors.
Some manatees suffer injuries.
Some manatees swim in vegetation.
Some manatees take breaths.
Some manatees utilize diversity.
Some manatees watch sailboats.
Manchego cheese is a sheep's milk cheese available in many well-stocked cheese shops.
Mandala art is a tool of integration for many reasons.
Mandala art provides such a mirror.
A mandala is a pattern
Mandala has no use - it is entirely pointless beauty.
Mandala is a no-cost graphics program that displays animated Mandala images.
Mandala is an important part of the ritual and as well as part of meditation in general.
Mandala means center, circumference or sacred circle in Sanskrit.
Mandala means diagram.
Mandala means whole world .
Mandala points to the fundamental energies of life.
Mandalas are a metaphor for the spiritual path of the mind and body.
Mandalas are always round.
Mandalas are an aid to meditation.
Mandalas are designs within circles that represent man's connection to the whole.
Mandalas are designs.
Mandalas are drawings composed of sand.
Mandalas are geometric patterns formed by a series of concentric forms around one focal point.
Mandalas are incredible pieces of work.
Mandalas are prevalent in Tibetan Buddhist temples.
Mandalas are sacred circles.
Mandalas are sacred designs and patterns, enclosed within a circle.
Mandalas are the par excellence of fixed composition.
Mandalas are universal images which can be found all over the world and beyond.
Mandalas have outer, inner and secret meanings.
Mandalas have various definitions and uses in different Buddhist contexts.
Mandalas represent a pilgrimage to enlightenment.
Mandalas vary greatly in intricacy from one to another.
All mandalas are available as highest quality fine art giclee prints, ltd.
All Mandalas are for educational purposes only.
Many mandalas serve as guides for meditation.
Most mandalas contain a host of deities as well as inaminate objects.
Most mandalas contain a host of deities as well as inanimate objects.
Most mandalas contain a host of deities, symbolic archetypes of the landscape of the mind.
Some mandalas can take up to seven or eight days to make.
A mandamus is an instrument
Mandamus can direct any public official, any branch.
Mandamus compels performance of an act by one who has a duty to perform it.
Mandamus is a discretionary writ, and there is no right to have the writ issued.
Mandamus is a discretionary writ, and there is no right to have the writ.
Mandamus is a law action.
Mandamus is a proceeding to compel performance of a specified duty.
Mandamus is a remedial tool which mandates the performance of a nondiscretionary duty.
Mandamus is a very powerful writ.
Mandamus is an appropriate remedy in extraordinary circumstances only.
Mandamus is an appropriate remedy when discretion is exercised arbitrarily or capriciously.
Mandamus is an extraordinary remedy.
Mandamus is an order requiring an act to be carried out.
Mandamus is available only upon a showing of a clear and indisputable right to relief.
Mandamus is available only when there is an already existing legal right.
Mandamus is the appropriate method of review of discovery orders.
Mandamus is the proper vehicle to assert a claim for inverse condemnation.
Mandamus lies only to enforce a right in a clear-cut case.
Mandamus mandates something.
Mandarin ducks have appearances.
Mandarin ducks have bills.
Most mandarin ducks have appearances.
Most mandarin ducks have bills.
Some mandarin ducks eat acorns.
Some mandarin ducks feed on seeds.
Some mandarin ducks have water.
Some mandarin ducks reach maturity.
Some mandarin ducks reach sexual maturity.
Mandarin fish are one of the few marine tropicals which can be easily sexed.
Mandarin fish have a good taste, few inter-muscular bones, and are safe for human consumption.
Mandarin fish have good taste.
Mandarin fish have taste.
Mandarin fish is a highly localized species in the region.
Mandarin fish is one of the most famous and precious fresh water fishes.
Most mandarin fish have good taste.
Mandarin orange trees outgrow pots.
Mandarin orange trees produce fruit.
Mandarin orange is part of mandarins.
Most mandarin orange is part of mandarins.
Some mandarin orange grows in areas.
Some mandarin orange has flowers.
Some mandarin orange has fragrant flowers.
Mandarin trees outgrow pots.
Mandarin trees produce fruit.
Mandarin trees to produce fruit.
A mandarin is an inhabitant
Mandarin is  one of five major regional languages of China.
Mandarin isa tree.
Mandarins also do well on a diet of gamebird pellets with greens and some grain fed daily.
Mandarins also help to manage cholesterol levels in the body.
Mandarins are a cross between a tangerine and an orange.
Mandarins are citruses.
Mandarins are elitists.
Mandarins are monogamous which means that they mate for life.
Mandarins are officials.
Mandarins are part of mandarins.
Mandarins are peaceful fish that are well-suited to community tanks.
Mandarins are ready to harvest when the skin turns a deep orange.
Mandarins are suddenly a hot topic for California growers.
Mandarins feed by dabbling or walking on land.
Mandarins have (part) bark.
Mandarins have (part) cell membranes.
Mandarins have (part) cells.
Mandarins have (part) corpi.
Mandarins have (part) cytoplasm.
Mandarins have (part) leaf nodes.
Mandarins have (part) mandarin orange.
Mandarins have (part) nuclei.
Mandarins have (part) peels.
Mandarins have (part) plasma membranes.
Mandarins have (part) sections.
Mandarins have (part) stumps.
Mandarins have (part) tree branches.
Mandarins have (part) treetops.
Mandarins have (part) trunks.
Mandarins have (part) vacuoles.
Mandarins have (part) xylem.
Mandarins have a light orange color, smooth skins and a complex, sweet flavor.
Mandarins help to prevent brown flatworm infestations, which can be trouble for some reef aquariums.
Mandarins tend to be alternate bearing.
Mandarins tend to be rather picky eaters, preferring to feed from the bottom.
Most mandarins are sweet, have a bright orange color and are relatively easy to peel.
Some mandarins become leaders.
Some mandarins have fins.
Some mandarins have leaves.
Some mandarins have nightmares.
Some mandarins have several disadvantage.
Some mandarins have shape leaves.
Some mandarins lose moisture.
Some mandarins produce average size fruit.
Some mandarins produce fruit.
A mandate is an instrument
Mandates also drive up health care costs, making insurance more costly for individuals and families.
Mandates also stifle innovation and hinder the ability of insurers to respond to customers.
Mandates apply only to Virginia-issued contracts or policies.
Mandates are a second option.
Mandates are commissions.
Mandates are districts.
Mandates are legal documents.
Mandates are magazines.
Mandates are norms.
Mandates are people required by law to report child and elderly abuse.
Mandates are top-down and originate externally rather than internally.
Mandates can also affect health care plans differently depending on their organizational structure.
Mandates can, in effect, take away the physician judgment as to what is best for the patient.
Mandates distort the economic decisions and can lead to sub optimal financial results.
Mandates draw heavily on value engineering concepts, as in a profit sensitivity analysis .
Mandates enhance achievement.
Mandates flow out of Washington like a thousand streams.
Mandates fly in the face of academic freedom.
Mandates get only what the law requires.
Mandates have a direct relationship to premium and cost.
Mandates have a significant effect on insurance premium costs.
Mandates inflict unintended consequences on employers, including significant additional costs.
Mandates licensure for fire sprinkler contractors.
Mandates offers information and links on state and provincial mandates in the U.S. and Canada.
Mandates only serve to increase the demand for otherwise elective services.
Mandates require action regardless of whether schools are ready or able to comply.
Mandates sign removal after preliminary engineering work, repair or maintenance work is complete.
Mandates use of specific fuels, such as renewables, to generate electricity.
Mandates often fail to take health, safety and performance attributes into account.
Mandates usually result in higher costs.
Every mandate comes complete with a waiver system.
Most mandates are informal and only focus on issues of change.
Most mandates are unfunded or underfunded.
Mandated benefits are enough of a strain.
Mandated functions are activities that townships are required to perform.
Mandated immunization can influence the content and the form of risk communication.
Mandated participation is strongly opposed.
Mandated remediation is in place.
Mandatory access can impose substantial costs on the owner of the shared asset.
Mandatory action is taken when there is a violation in a trade agreement.
Mandatory arbitration can also cost corporations more money.
Mandatory arbitration is a more recent phenomenon.
Mandatory arbitration offers citizens a faster option to resolve small civil cases.
Mandatory arrest needs to be monitored more closely.
Mandatory assignment is delayed.
Mandatory attendance is required at all performances.
Mandatory attendance is required at all regularly scheduled performances.
Mandatory attendance is required for full credit .
Mandatory attendance is required for science lab, English, and foreign language courses.
Mandatory attendance is required for the final assessment exam.
Mandatory attendance is required.
Mandatory bargaining is bad enough, but the good faith requirement makes things worse.
Mandatory bargaining is necessary because the whole purpose of union recognition is bargaining.
Mandatory celibacy is a symbolic barricade between church and world.
Mandatory celibacy IS the exclusion of women.
Mandatory certification is only the start.
Mandatory charges exclude charges made at original matriculation, such as application fees.
All mandatory commands are available, as well as a few optional ones.
Mandatory counseling accompanies any positive test results.
Mandatory detention is separation under a new guise.
Mandatory disclosure starts hate crimes and perpetuates continual punishment.
Mandatory discussion is really pretty autocratic.
Mandatory education is a great idea.
Mandatory effects begin immediately upon playing the card.
Mandatory evacuations are in effect along much of the coastal Carolina's.
Mandatory exemptions require a government organization to refuse to disclose a record.
Mandatory exercises are, of course, mandatory .
Mandatory fees are nonrefundable.
Mandatory fees vary relative to campus, activities, courses, and other factors.
Some mandatory fees are optional for the student taking less than six credit quarter hours.
Mandatory fields appear in italics.
Mandatory fields are bold.
Mandatory fields are in bold.
Mandatory fields are in red .
Mandatory fields are in Red.
Mandatory fields are level of completion and institution code .
Mandatory fields expect the answer none or null to be acceptable.
All mandatory fields are in orange.
Some mandatory fields are empty.
Mandatory fluoridation makes every person a patient without civil liberty.
Mandatory forbearance is available throughout residency period, renewable annually.
Mandatory forums are still up for discussion.
Mandatory income is the parents' total income.
All mandatory information is noted by the darker background rows.
A mandatory injunction is a prohibition
Mandatory injunctions command a party to affirmatively do something.
Mandatory insurance is based on full-time enrollment status.
Mandatory involvement puts a new face on volunteerism and volunteer expectations.
Mandatory items are in Red .
Mandatory kindergarten means parents lose even more control.
Mandatory labels are static for the particular object.
Mandatory legislation exists concerning the safety, emc and performance of such equipment.
Mandatory lists allow only the owners of the list to subscribe or unsubscribe someone.
Mandatory locks have no effect on the unlink system call.
Mandatory meetings count towards attendance.
Mandatory minimums are ineffective in imposing particular penalties for particular crimes.
Mandatory minimums are rather inflexible.
Mandatory minimums can create maximum strangeness in sentencing.
Mandatory minimums give prosecutors unbalanced power over how drug offenders are sentenced.
Mandatory overtime continues to be a dangerous practice in hospitals across the country.
Mandatory overtime raises uncomfortable safety and health questions.
Mandatory paperwork is one of the most time-consuming duties of operating a small business.
Mandatory participation insures a civilian army.
Mandatory participation solves the adverse selection problem.
Mandatory penalties are already a part of our criminal justice system.
Mandatory penalties are appropriate under certain circumstances.
Mandatory policy is provided in accordance with the attached format for Chapter Standards .
Mandatory profiles are fairly unusual.
Mandatory profiles are useful for supporting large number of users with identical requirements.
Mandatory profiles question.
Mandatory prosecution requires government attorneys to bring criminal charges against batterers.
Mandatory qualifiers are the inputs the program needs in order to run.
Mandatory quotas have serious flaws in a system of single-member electorates.
Mandatory recounts apply only to candidates and state wide measures.
Mandatory requirements are originality.
Mandatory rest stops at strategic locations.
Mandatory retirement is also something to consider.
Mandatory retirement refers to a line item in a child support calculation.
Mandatory reviews are actually lower, but discretionary reviews have risen markedly.
Mandatory sentences are quite a different matter.
Mandatory sentences can include repeat and violent offenders.
Mandatory sentences hurt.
Mandatory sentences require an offender to serve their entire sentence, without parole.
Mandatory sentences require offenders to serve their entire sentence without parole.
Mandatory sentences require offenders to serve their entire terms without the possibility of parole.
Mandatory settings are at the top.
Mandatory spending accounts for two-thirds of total federal spending.
Mandatory spending is authorized by permanent laws.
Mandatory standards are so designated.
Mandatory standards are underscored for easy reference.
Mandatory standardization is a sign of a national system.
Mandatory supervision begins when the offender has served two thirds of the sentence.
Mandatory swims are inevitable.
Mandatory tests criminalize the atmosphere, and stigamtzie the child.
Mandatory testing implies universal testing without education, counseling, or informed consent.
Mandatory testing is an infringement of individual liberty and violates the right to privacy.
Mandatory testing is illegal in Kenya, but few job seekers refuse.
Mandatory testing raises a number of health care, legal, and ethical concerns.
Mandatory testing runs up against several barriers.
Mandatory training includes a written and practical examination requirement.
Mandatory training is a key component of many safety efforts.
All mandatory training is paid training.
Mandatory treatment includes coagulation, sedimentation, filtration and disinfection.
Mandatory tumbling begins the week after school gets out.
Mandatory urine screens.
Mandatory vaccines violate the medical ethic of informed consent.
Mande songs link wisdom of the elders to problems of today.
Mande tribes inhabit the plains and coastal forests of West Africa.
Mandi town has a number of stone temples in the shikhara style.
A mandible is a jaw
Mandible isa jaw.
Mandible isa organ.
Mandibles are an insect's teeth.
Mandibles are blue.
Mandibles are modified appendages right at the mouth that crunch up food.
Mandibles are on either side of the insect's mouth.
Mandibles are part of jaws.
Mandibles are sickle-like.
Mandibles are used to crush food.
Mandibles bite at flailing arms and legs.
Mandibles consist of bones.
Mandibles crush and form wax for comb-building.
Mandibles crush food.
Mandibles edentate and overhung by the projecting clypeus.
Mandibles elongate and triangular, with apical teeth long and acute, crossing over when at rest.
Mandibles elongate, asymmetrical.
Mandibles elongate, subtriangular, with numerous small teeth.
Mandibles have (part) bone cells.
Mandibles have (part) cell membranes.
Mandibles have (part) corpi.
Mandibles have (part) cytoplasm.
Mandibles have (part) ground substances.
Mandibles have (part) gum ridges.
Mandibles have (part) lobes.
Mandibles have (part) marrow.
Mandibles have (part) mast cells.
Mandibles have (part) nuclei.
Mandibles have (part) plasma membranes.
Mandibles have (part) sections.
Mandibles have (part) tooth sockets.
Mandibles have (part) vacuoles.
Mandibles have slits.
Mandibles have tips.
Mandibles help the beetle eat by crushing and cutting food.
Mandibles inset with jewels.
Mandibles lamelliform, mostly membranous, with only outer margin hardened.
Mandibles linear to triangular, inserted at margins of the head.
Mandibles strongly dentate.
Most mandibles consist of bones.
Most mandibles crush food.
Most mandibles have tips.
Some mandibles deliver digestive fluid.
Some mandibles deliver fluid.
Some mandibles deliver toxic fluid.
Some mandibles have functions.
Some mandibles penetrate skin.
Mandibular advancement tenses the palatoglossus muscles and pulls the soft palate forward.
Mandibular branches go to the lower jaw.
Mandibular deviation causes malocclusion.
Mandibular fractures can occur at any of the following sites.
Mandibular prognathism is when the lower jaw sticks out.
A mandola is a mandolin
Mandolas are larger and therefore have deeper, fuller tone and sound.
A mandolin is a chordophone
Mandolin isa device.
Mandolins are all 'A' style.
Mandolins are chordophones.
Mandolins are instruments.
Mandolins are located in bands.
Mandolins are located in music stores.
Mandolins are musical instruments.
Mandolins are stringed instruments.
Mandolins are used for bluegrass music.
Mandolins are used for folk music.
Mandolins are used for music.
Mandolins are used for playing.
Mandolins are used for tuning.
Mandolins have (part) bases.
Mandolins have (part) sections.
Mandolins have (part) sound holes.
Mandolins strive to get out of tune.
Mandolins use a biscuit style cone.
All mandolins have some level of inlay.
Every mandolin has a lifetime guarantee to the original purchaser against structural defects.
A mandrake is a herb
Mandrake also has an online expert help .
Mandrake also leaves out some preffered libraries by default.
Mandrake are pleased to undertake such reviews free of charge.
Mandrake automatically enables xdm .
Mandrake can easily cause death by respiratory paralysis.
Mandrake certainly does.
Mandrake has a good image.
Mandrake has an egcs package.
Mandrake has cutting-edge enhancements.
Mandrake has many automated tools for hardware configuration, network setup, and much more.
Mandrake improves the menuing system ten-fold with their intelligent new approach.
Mandrake is a distribution, so they dont update their packages anytime.
Mandrake is a popular alternative.
Mandrake is a very nice and popular distribution.
Mandrake is a very strong gland stimulant.
Mandrake is an herb once believed to promote conception.
Mandrake is another good starter package.
Mandrake is another vendor with a poor DNS infrastructure.
Mandrake is believed to spring from the lifeforce of the interred.
Mandrake is bundled with outdated packages and has many bugs.
Mandrake is innocent, here's the whole story.
Mandrake is known to include tons of extras in with their distro.
Mandrake is one of Canada's foremost executive search firms.
Mandrake is one of Canada's foremost management consulting firms.
Mandrake is one that comes to mind.
Mandrake is the best alround distro.
Mandrake is the first identification system to be able to work from moving pictures.
Mandrake is the kind of distribution one wants to like very much.
Mandrake is unique that it started with and became extensions of well known current distributions.
Mandrake is used in the home as a powerful protection.
Mandrake linux iso images.
Mandrake moves with all the verve and speed of a lizard flaked out on a river bank.
Mandrake puts a lot of hard work into making their distribution as user-friendly as possible.
Mandrakes are herbs.
A mandrel is a shaft
Mandrel bend exhaust pipe, bolting to stock system.
Mandrel is a special design with attention to placement of vacuum ports.
Mandril shafts are also available.
A mandrill is a baboon
Mandrill isa baboon.
Mandrills are a type of baboon.
Mandrills are adaptable to moving on the ground and jumping on the trees.
Mandrills are an old world monkey from western Africa.
Mandrills are baboons.
Mandrills are extremely colorful, perhaps more so than any other mammal.
Mandrills are foragers and utilize their long limbs for tracking down food.
Mandrills are highly social animals and socializing is a vital part of their lifestyle.
Mandrills are mammals.
Mandrills are omnivores, they eat both plants and animals.
Mandrills are omnivorous animals and therefore eat almost anything.
Mandrills are omnivorous animals that eat their fair shares of plants and animal flesh alike.
Mandrills are predominantly terrestrial .
Mandrills are predominantly terrestrial.
Mandrills are primarily ground dwellers, only climbing into trees to sleep.
Mandrills are sociable animals and inhabit areas of forest in large groups known as a troop.
Mandrills are the largest of all monkeys.
Mandrills are the largest of the monkeys and are related to the baboon.
Mandrills are the most brightly colored mammals in existences.
Mandrills are the worlds largest monkey species .
Mandrills consume omnivorous diets with both plant and meat components.
Mandrills create a strong bond with their daughters as compared to sons.
Mandrills do have a tail, it is very short.
Mandrills eat food.
Mandrills eat insects.
Mandrills find food.
Mandrills forage for seeds.
Mandrills give birth to a single offspring.
Mandrills have (part) brains.
Mandrills have (part) breasts.
Mandrills have (part) cell membranes.
Mandrills have (part) cells.
Mandrills have (part) chest cavities.
Mandrills have (part) chests.
Mandrills have (part) corpi.
Mandrills have (part) cytoplasm.
Mandrills have (part) ears.
Mandrills have (part) faces.
Mandrills have (part) heads.
Mandrills have (part) nuclei.
Mandrills have (part) pedal extremities.
Mandrills have (part) piluses.
Mandrills have (part) plasma membranes.
Mandrills have (part) rib cages.
Mandrills have (part) sections.
Mandrills have (part) skulls.
Mandrills have (part) sterna.
Mandrills have (part) vacuoles.
Mandrills have (part) vertebrate feet.
Mandrills have a large, muscular body, dark brown fur, and a short, stubby tail.
Mandrills have a stocky body with a short tail.
Mandrills have a varied diet that is comprised of both plant and animal material.
Mandrills have a variety of sounds for vocal communication.
Mandrills have appetite.
Mandrills have blue and red skin on their faces.
Mandrills have cheek pouches that can hold a substantial quantity of food.
Mandrills have color.
Mandrills have diets.
Mandrills have dimorphism.
Mandrills have features.
Mandrills have omnivorous diets.
Mandrills have powerful, stocky bodies with strong, muscular arms.
Mandrills have predators.
Mandrills have sexual dimorphism.
Mandrills have short tails.
Mandrills have short, stocky tails.
Mandrills have snouts.
Mandrills have tails.
Mandrills have teeth.
Mandrills have their own built-in containers to carry food and store it.
Mandrills live at relatively low densities.
Mandrills live in rain forests with little ground cover.
Mandrills live in the rainforest of Gabon and the Congo areas as well as near the equator in Guinea.
Mandrills live on the ground by day and sleep in trees at night.
Mandrills mark their territories with their scent and defend it from predators.
Mandrills move comfortably and freely in their carefully constructed habitat.
Mandrills normally form large multimale-multifemale groups with a distinct hierarchy.
Mandrills retire to the trees at night to sleep.
Mandrills search for food.
Mandrills shake heads.
Mandrills stay on the ground the largest part of the day and climb up the trees for the night.
Mandrills travel in groups too.
Mandrills travel in large groups called hordes or troops.
Mandrills travel in large groups, led by one dominant adult male.
Mandrills travel on the ground in small family groups, feeding chiefly on insects and vegetation.
Mandrills typically sleep in the trees at night.
Most mandrills eat food.
Most mandrills eat insects.
Most mandrills find food.
Most mandrills have color.
Most mandrills have diets.
Most mandrills have dimorphism.
Most mandrills have omnivorous diets.
Most mandrills have predators.
Most mandrills have sexual dimorphism.
Most mandrills have short tails.
Most mandrills have snouts.
Most mandrills have teeth.
Most mandrills shake heads.
Some mandrills are classified as baboons.
Some mandrills attain maturity.
Some mandrills attain sexual maturity.
Some mandrills avoid contact.
Some mandrills cause damage.
Some mandrills cause significant damage.
Some mandrills eat biscuits.
Some mandrills eat leaves.
Some mandrills feed on fruit.
Some mandrills have brow ridges.
Some mandrills have cheek pouches.
Some mandrills have fur.
Some mandrills have pouches.
Some mandrills have prominent brow ridges.
Some mandrills have prominent ridges.
Some mandrills have ridges.
Some mandrills look like baboons.
Some mandrills seek shelter.
Some mandrills spread arms.
Mane colour ranges from pale tawny to black.
Mane hair makes the softest mecate and tail hair the coarsest.
Some mane jellyfish have golden tints.
Some mane jellyfish have tints.
Some mane mushrooms have nerves.
A mane is hair
MAnE brings the software tools of the professionals to all mission analysts.
Mane isa hair.
Manes are a ruff of long hair around the neck which is brown in the front and black in the back.
Manes cover more of the lion's body than just the head and neck.
Manes have (part) corpi.
Manes have (part) sections.
Manes have (part) widow's peaks.
Some manes are part of lionesses.
Some manes are part of lions.
A maned wolf is a wolf
Maned wolfs are foxs.
Maned wolfs are mammals.
Maned wolves are a popular zoo animal.
Maned wolves are a rich reddish brown in color.
Maned wolves are extraordinary canids in many respects.
Maned wolves are highly omnivorous and opportunistic.
Maned wolves are opportunistic omnivores, feeding on available plants and animals.
Maned wolves have a variety of vocalizations including barks, whimpers, growls, and yips.
A maneuver is an operation
Maneuvers are evasions.
Maneuvers are motion.
Maneuvers are moves.
Maneuvers are operations.
Maneuvers are part of military training.
Maneuvers are used to gain a better angular position in relation to the opponent.
Maneuvers continue on deck.
Maneuvers help build bases near borders.
Maneuvers require historic commands and formations.
Every maneuver requires strategy and sharp wits.
Some maneuvers are easy and some are challenging.
Maneuverability is also great.
Maneuverability is another performance factor to consider.
Maneuverability is another plus with the new system.
Maneuverability is excellent because the lighter sides and deck lessen overall weight.
Maneuverability is mobility
Maneuverability is mobility.
Maneuverability is most critical in the kitchen and the bathroom.
Maneuverability is superb thanks to a super-tight turning circle.
Maneuverability is the key word.
Maneuvering boards allow a shiphandler to plot and track the relative motion of another vessel.
Manga serialization begins.
A mangabey is a monkey
Mangabey isa monkey.
Mangabeys are excellent jumpers.
Mangabeys are highly social animals.
Mangabeys are very vocal and their calls are often the first and only indication of their presence.
Mangabeys belong to the family cercopithicidae.
Mangabeys feed on seeds, fruit, and leaves.
Mangabeys give birth to monkeys.
Mangabeys have (part) brains.
Mangabeys have (part) breasts.
Mangabeys have (part) cell membranes.
Mangabeys have (part) cells.
Mangabeys have (part) chest cavities.
Mangabeys have (part) chests.
Mangabeys have (part) corpi.
Mangabeys have (part) cytoplasm.
Mangabeys have (part) ears.
Mangabeys have (part) faces.
Mangabeys have (part) heads.
Mangabeys have (part) nuclei.
Mangabeys have (part) pedal extremities.
Mangabeys have (part) piluses.
Mangabeys have (part) plasma membranes.
Mangabeys have (part) rib cages.
Mangabeys have (part) sections.
Mangabeys have (part) skulls.
Mangabeys have (part) sterna.
Mangabeys have (part) vacuoles.
Mangabeys have (part) vertebrate feet.
Mangabeys have an oval-shaped head with a fairly long muzzle.
Mangabeys have large home ranges.
Mangabeys have large ranges.
Mangabeys have ranges.
Mangabeys have some interesting ways of communicating with each other.
Mangabeys have tails.
Mangabeys occupy habitats.
Mangabeys range in color from fawn, or light brown, to black.
Mangabeys reside in valleys.
Mangabeys use their faces like people do - to show how they feel.
Mangabeys wait for fruit.
All mangabeys are extremely agile climbers and excellent jumpers, but are outdone by the guenons.
All mangabeys prefer fruits which form the bulk of their diet.
All mangabeys resemble one another in general build and facial characteristics.
Most mangabeys give birth to monkeys.
Most mangabeys have large home ranges.
Most mangabeys have large ranges.
Most mangabeys have ranges.
Most mangabeys have tails.
Most mangabeys occupy habitats.
Most mangabeys reside in valleys.
Most mangabeys wait for fruit.
Some mangabeys have brown whiskers.
Some mangabeys have dietary patterns.
Some mangabeys have different dietary patterns.
Some mangabeys have different patterns.
Some mangabeys have load.
Some mangabeys have patterns.
Some mangabeys have whiskers.
Some mangabeys move from trees.
A manganate is salt
Manganates are weak reducing agents and moderate oxidizing agents.
Manganese availability is increased in highly acidic soils and under waterlogged soil conditions.
Manganese blue is a very good example of a pigment that is very sedimentary.
Manganese carbonate is more useful as a flux.
Manganese compounds are essential to life.
Manganese compounds can be black, brown, pink, red, green, blue, and purple.
Manganese compounds have a variety of uses.
Some manganese compounds cause toxicity when ingested.
Manganese concentrations increase with depth in the reservoirs.
Manganese deficiency can affect most species of palms.
Manganese deficiency can occur in alkaline soils.
Manganese deficiency cause slow hair growth.
Manganese deficiency causes decreased ability to remove excess sugar from the blood.
Manganese deficiency is also evident in some soybean fields.
Manganese deficiency is extremely rare.
Manganese deficiency is rare and unlikely to be a problem in grazing cattle in Georgia.
Manganese deficiency occurs in all citrus growing areas of New Zealand.
Manganese deficiency occurs in tagasaste in similar areas to manganese deficiency in white lupins.
Manganese deficiency occurs mainly in slightly acidic to neutral soils.
Manganese deprivation affects response to nickel deprivation.
Manganese dioxide is chemical compounds.
Manganese dioxide is reduced from the tetravalent to the trivalent state by lithium.
Manganese dioxide is the most commonly encountered form of Mn.
Manganese dioxide is used as an oxidizing agent in ordinary dry cell batteries.
Manganese dioxide is used in the manufacturing of dry cell batteries and many dyes.
Manganese dioxide is used to make dry-cell batteries.
Manganese dioxide provides a black decoration, independent of firing atmosphere.
Manganese dust can irritate lungs.
Manganese effects occur mainly in the respiratory tract and in the brains.
Manganese greensand is available in both natural and synthetic forms.
Manganese greensand is the middle layer.
Manganese metal is ferromagnetic only after special treatment.
Manganese metals dissolve in acid and corrode in moist air.
Manganese nodules form in certain areas on the ocean floor.
Manganese oxide is the most common form of manganese used in mineral mixes.
Manganese oxide spray less residue on the leaves.
Manganese oxides create black stains in all climates.
Manganese oxides produce blues, blacks or purple.
Manganese phosphate is one of the best wear resistant coatings.
Manganese phosphate runs a medium to charcoal gray, as does iron phosphate.
Manganese steel is alloy steel
Manganese steel is alloy steel.
Manganese steel is extremely hard and is used for railroad switches and dredging equipment .
Manganese steel is extremely hard and is used for railway points and dredging equipment .
Manganese steel is tough and is used in rock crushers.
Manganese sulfate is used in paint and varnish dryer, and in some fertilizers.
Manganese sulfate is used primarily in diets where solubility is a factor.
Manganese values are relatively high.
Manganese helps to nourish the body's nervous systerm, brain and regulate muscles in the body.
Manganese is metal
Some manganese is mined.
Mange mites are more difficult to eradicate than hog lice.
Mange mites are transmitted among deer by close contact, as at crowded feeding sites.
Mange mites cause a rash and hair loss, usually worse on the back and rump.
Mange mites spend their entire lives on the host animal.
A mange is an animal disease
Mange mites cause dermatitis, hair loss, scabbiness, and milk production decline.
Mange mites cause severe itching and are spread by contact.
A manger is a container
Mangers are containers.
Mangers expect to recuperate from the delay with no significant impacts to the launch schedule.
Mangers feel productivity is a primary goal for business success.
Mangers have little control over external variables which adversely affect marketing.
Mangers have to give up control.
All mangers face people problems.
Mangled bodies litter the debris.
Mangled care is in the business of making money, big money, by curtailing services.
Mangled phrases make for good entertainment.
Mangled teeth are a huge turn off.
Mangled wreck lies north-south on sand and shingle with scour on land side.
Mango butter is a crumbly, yellowish oil which is extracted from the mango fruit.
Mango cheesecake is really good too.
Mango chutney is a condiment sold on the shelves of any supermarket.
Mango chutney makes a nice accompaniment.
Mango embryos are large and have massive starch-filled cotyledons.
Mango float makes a quick and delicious dessert.
Mango flowers appear in spring to summer, depending on variety, are sweetly fragrant and attractive.
Mango fruit has aroma.
Mango fruit has tropical aroma.
Most mango fruit has aroma.
Most mango fruit has tropical aroma.
Mango kernel contains high amount of fat and starch.
Mango leaves appear reddish or purplish when newly grown.
Mango leaves help normalise insulin levels in the blood preventing diabetes.
Mango peels contain pigment.
Most mango peels contain pigment.
Mango pickle bring the chicken curry very special.
Mango pits are wide and flat.
Mango plants go through several growth stages from seedling to maturation.
Mango powder has resin.
Mango pulp is prepared from the alphonso and paayri varieties.
Some mango seeds reduce inflammation.
Mango sherbet appears as a wall of lime green with thin wavy strips of cherry red.
A mango tree is a fruit tree
Mango tree belongs to the same family as poison ivy.
Mango trees are common in the gardens between the monks' houses.
Mango trees are fruit trees.
Mango trees are trees.
Mango trees begin fruit production in three years and form fruit quickly.
Mango trees fruit under very specific conditions.
Mango trees grow all over the island and provide an excellent fruit source.
Mango trees grow easily from seed.
Mango trees grow from seeds.
Mango trees grow readily from seed.
Mango trees grown from seed can take up to eight years to bear fruit.
Mango trees grows over a wide range of frost free climates.
Mango trees have alternate leaves.
Mango trees have leaves.
Mango trees perform well both under tropical and subtropical climatic conditions.
Mango trees produce flowers.
Mango trees produce fruit.
Mango trees produce mature fruit.
Mango trees produce refresh fruit.
Mango trees produce sweet fruit.
Mango trees provide excellent sources.
Mango trees provide sources.
Mango trees require hot, dry periods to set and produce a good crop.
Mango trees require regular applications of nitrogen fertilizer to promote healthy growth of leaves.
Mango trees stand above the ferns and lower there are hala trees in groves.
Mango trees tend to be alternate bearing.
Mango trees to produce fruit.
Most mango trees grow from seeds.
Most mango trees have alternate leaves.
Most mango trees have leaves.
Most mango trees produce flowers.
Most mango trees produce fruit.
Most mango trees produce mature fruit.
Most mango trees produce refresh fruit.
Most mango trees produce sweet fruit.
Most mango trees provide excellent sources.
Most mango trees provide sources.
Some mango trees have compounds.
Some mango trees reach feet.
Mango varieties come in all sizes from ounces to pounds.
Mango varieties produce either monoembryonic or polyembryonic seeds.
Mango wood is a fast growing high quality wood.
Mango wood is yellow, sometimes with orange or green streaks.
Mango yield is dependent on temperature, wind, water, and length of day and pollinators.
A mango is edible fruit
Mango isa tree.
Mangoes also require good drainage.
Mangoes are a good example.
Mangoes are a staple in the diets of India, Southeast Asia and Latin America.
Mangoes are a strictly tropical fruit.
Mangoes are also great in smoothies.
Mangoes are an especially good source of soluble fiber.
Mangoes are an excellent case in point.
Mangoes are applicable to any skin type.
Mangoes are considered to have moderate growth rates, which depend on location and good cultivation.
Mangoes are delicious and are widespread in summer.
Mangoes are easy to find in the produce section of most supermarkets.
Mangoes are high in fiber.
Mangoes are mainly available during the summer months.
Mangoes are plentiful and inexpensive in fresh produce markets just now, as are avocados.
Mangoes can be very fibrous and turpentiney when underripe and devilishly difficult to eat.
Mangoes come in oblong, round, or kidney shapes, with a slight ridge on one side.
Mangoes emit a pleasant scent of pine and peach from the stem when ripe.
Mangoes expose themselves on a sill.
Mangoes flower profusely and self pollinate very well.
Mangoes grow in a variety of shapes.
Mangoes grow in a wide range of soils and moisture regimes.
Mangoes grow in flushes, each flush is delineated by a concentrated whorl of leaves on the stem.
Mangoes grow on trees that are generally about thirty to forty meters tall.
Mangoes have had a good flowering season, however, it is too early to comment on fruit set.
Mangoes increase the virility in men.
Mangoes liven up the color and taste of fresh salads.
Mangoes respond very well to pruning.
Mangoes start out green and hard, turning softer and rosy as they mature.
Mangoes thrive in loose, sandy soil that drains water easily.
Mangoes turn lusty with heat Mango trees are already flowering.
Mangos add sweet taste.
Mangos add taste.
Mangos are a good saple for our daily diets.
Mangos are a seasonal fruit.
Mangos are airlines.
Mangos are available year-round in various import markets.
Mangos are companies.
Mangos are consumed primarily in the producing countries.
Mangos are dry when they feel firm but are still leathery and show no pockets of moisture.
Mangos are edible fruit.
Mangos are fruit trees.
Mangos are fruit.
Mangos are high in fiber and low in calories.
Mangos are high in fiber but low in calories Used in making baby foods.
Mangos are high in fiber, low in calories.
Mangos are in the Anacardiaceae family, as are cashews and pistachios.
Mangos are part of mangos.
Mangos are particularly good in salsa.
Mangos are popular as a backyard tree in Hawaii.
Mangos are ripe when slightly soft to touch and yielding to gentle pressure, like a ripe peach.
Mangos are ripe when they are a rosey color on the exterior and smell a bit sweet on the stem end.
Mangos are the demon spawn of the fruit world.
Mangos are the most popular of all tropical fruits worldwide.
Mangos are trees.
Mangos are tropical fruit.
Mangos are used for salsa.
Mangos are very sweet and can help that sweet tooth.
Mangos attract ants.
Mangos contain compounds.
Mangos contain enzymes.
Mangos contain numerous compounds.
Mangos exhibit characteristics.
Mangos freeze well and can be frozen with no additives if they are very ripe.
Mangos have (part) bark.
Mangos have (part) cell membranes.
Mangos have (part) cells.
Mangos have (part) corpi.
Mangos have (part) cytoplasm.
Mangos have (part) leaf nodes.
Mangos have (part) nuclei.
Mangos have (part) peels.
Mangos have (part) plasma membranes.
Mangos have (part) sections.
Mangos have (part) stumps.
Mangos have (part) tree branches.
Mangos have (part) treetops.
Mangos have (part) trunks.
Mangos have (part) vacuoles.
Mangos have (part) xylem.
Mangos have nutrients.
Mangos have smell.
Mangos need care.
Mangos produce very well in hot dry areas, better than in wet areas.
Mangos turn yellowish when ripe.
Many mangoes are available.
Most mangoes are picked before they have completely ripened and are sold, still hard, in stores.
Most mangos add sweet taste.
Most mangos add taste.
Most mangos attract ants.
Most mangos contain numerous compounds.
Most mangos have nutrients.
Some mangoes have black spots that frighten away some consumers.
Some mangos bear fibrous fruit.
Some mangos bear fruit.
Some mangos become domesticate trees.
Some mangos become trees.
Some mangos grow in locations.
Some mangos have ovaries.
Some mangos originate in regions.
Mangrove communities consist of mangroves.
Mangrove communities require annual rainfall.
Mangrove communities require rainfall.
Mangrove crabs inhabit areas.
Mangrove crabs reach adulthood.
Mangrove crabs share habitats.
Most mangrove crabs reach adulthood.
Some mangrove crabs develop behavior.
Some mangrove crabs develop social behavior.
Mangrove forests are a critical filter in the interaction between marine and terrestrial ecosystems.
Mangrove forests are a vital component of complex coastal ecosystems in the tropics.
Mangrove forests are affected by the rising and falling of the ocean's tides.
Mangrove forests are also prime nesting and migratory sites for hundreds of bird species.
Mangrove forests are an incredibly important ecosystem in the tropical regions of the world.
Mangrove forests are especially productive.
Mangrove forests are exceptional ecosystems.
Mangrove forests are highly productive, species-rich habitats.
Mangrove forests are home to birds and aquatic marine life.
Mangrove forests are important as they stabilise the shoreline, and protect it from storms.
Mangrove forests are intertidal coastal forests of tropical and sub-tropical regions.
Mangrove forests are most common along sheltered beaches with muddy shorelines.
Mangrove forests are one of the most productive and biodiverse wetlands on Earth.
Mangrove forests are very productive ecosystems and of major ecological and economic importance.
Mangrove forests are vital for healthy coastal ecosystems.
Mangrove forests collect the sediments in the water.
Mangrove forests dominate the coastlines of the worlds tropical and subtropical oceans.
Mangrove forests form along the banks of estuarine rivers.
Mangrove forests form on loose sediments along the edge of the sea.
Mangrove forests form the interface between marine and terrestrial environments.
Mangrove forests function as natural sea barriers preventing land abrasion by the sea.
Mangrove forests grow naturally along the ocean and lagoons on the islands of Kiribati.
Mangrove forests have both ecological and economic functions.
Mangrove forests protect tropical coastal areas from erosion.
Mangrove forests protect uplands from storm winds, waves, and floods.
Mangrove forests provide an important spawning area for fish.
Mangrove forests provide food, fuel, timber and medicines either directly or indirectly.
Mangrove forests provide fuel wood .
Mangrove forests rim the delta and portions of the coasts.
Mangrove habitats need protection.
Mangrove leaves provide habitats.
Mangrove plants develop roots.
Mangrove plants produce seeds.
Mangrove plants to survive in conditions.
Mangrove swamp is floodplains.
Mangrove swamp is natural things.
Mangrove swamp is swamp.
Mangrove swamps abound along the coasts.
Mangrove swamps are a kind of coastal wetland.
Mangrove swamps are coastal wetlands.
Mangrove swamps are essential to the health of the reefs.
Mangrove swamps are found along the coast and riverbanks.
Mangrove swamps are found in tropical and subtropical tidal areas.
Mangrove swamps are saltwater swamps which lie along tropical seacoasts.
Mangrove swamps are, typically, tropical wetlands.
Mangrove swamps form the shorelines of almost all the islands.
Mangrove swamps lie along the coast, with wooded hills and a plateau in the interior.
Mangrove swamps line the riverbanks from the coast to the center of the country.
Mangrove swamps line the shoreline, where fresh water mixes with salty ocean water.
Mangrove swamps obscure the shoreline.
Mangrove swamps provide refuge for wading birds and shorebirds.
Mangrove swamps provide valuable habitat for nesting birds, juvenile fish, and many other species.
Mangrove tree crabs inhabit areas.
Mangrove tree crabs reach adulthood.
Mangrove tree crabs share habitats.
Mangrove trees abound in south Florida.
Mangrove trees adapt to environments.
Mangrove trees adapt to marine environments.
Mangrove trees are able to absorb much higher levels of salt than typical trees.
Mangrove trees are evergreens.
Mangrove trees are halophytes, plants that thrive in and are especially adapted to salty conditions.
Mangrove trees are incredible survivors.
Mangrove trees are part of the food chain.
Mangrove trees are renewable,just like all trees and other living creatures.
Mangrove trees are sometimes good and sometimes bad.
Mangrove trees are trees.
Mangrove trees are very unique because they are salt tolerant.
Mangrove trees can help make islands.
Mangrove trees constitute the very core of the coastal ecological cycle.
Mangrove trees dominate coastal areas.
Mangrove trees drop their roots from their trunks and branches into mud.
Mangrove trees grow in areas.
Mangrove trees grow in fresh water ecosystems when the salt water flows far enough inland.
Mangrove trees grow in mud and salty water where land meets sea.
Mangrove trees grow in mud.
Mangrove trees grow in the water along the shore.
Mangrove trees grow to height.
Mangrove trees have a sturdy root system for support in the soft muddy ground where it grows.
Mangrove trees have a very important role in inland saltwater ponds.
Mangrove trees have aerial roots.
Mangrove trees have chances.
Mangrove trees have roots.
Mangrove trees have seeds that float, making the most of their watery environment.
Mangrove trees line a boardwalk winding through a simulated swamp to the muddy banks of the water.
Mangrove trees line the shore and provide important habitat for fish, birds, and other wildlife.
Mangrove trees line the western shore. .
Mangrove trees live in estuaries .
Mangrove trees look as if they grow on stilts.
Mangrove trees mark spots where the waters collide.
Mangrove trees produce flowers.
Mangrove trees produce yellow flowers.
Mangrove trees reach up to feet.
Mangrove trees rely on insects to fertilise their flowers.
Most mangrove trees adapt to environments.
Most mangrove trees adapt to marine environments.
Most mangrove trees grow in areas.
Most mangrove trees grow in mud.
Most mangrove trees grow to height.
Most mangrove trees have aerial roots.
Most mangrove trees have chances.
Most mangrove trees have roots.
Most mangrove trees produce flowers.
Most mangrove trees produce yellow flowers.
Most mangrove trees reach up to feet.
Some mangrove trees grow near salt water.
Some mangrove trees grow salt water.
Some mangrove trees grow water.
Some mangrove trees have flowers.
Some mangrove trees have methods.
Some mangrove trees have small yellow flowers.
Some mangrove trees have tangles.
Some mangrove trees have yellow flowers.
Some mangrove trees rely on insects.
Some mangrove trees survive in conditions.
A mangrove is a tree
Mangrove isa tree.
Mangrove worms and tripe.
Mangroves absorb a a large amount of the nutrients.
Mangroves account for nearly half of the total forest cover.
Mangroves aid soil formation by trapping debris.
Mangroves also appear in home aquariums , and as ornamental plants, such as in Japan .
Mangroves also assist in buffering the coastal zone when tropical storms and hurricanes strike.
Mangroves also filter water and maintain water quality and clarity.
Mangroves also form a buffer that defends coastlines from flooding and erosion.
Mangroves also harbor many forms of marine life such as invertebrataes and juvenile fishes.
Mangroves also have buoyant seeds that are suited to dispersal in water.
Mangroves also have roots that extend out of the water and into the air.
Mangroves also occur on numerous offshore mudflats along the coast.
Mangroves also provide food for migrating birds.
Mangroves also provide shelter for organisms, both above ground and underwater.
Mangroves also provide shelter from the sun, wind, and rain.
Mangroves also provide shoreline protection from wind, waves and floods.
Mangroves also serve as bird sanctuaries.
Mangroves also serve as excellent rookeries for birds.
Mangroves also yield thatch and paper pulp.
Mangroves appear to be replaced by Australian pines and urbanization.
Mangroves arch their roots above the water like legs poised to step across the canal.
Mangroves are a crossroad where oceans, freshwater, and land area meet.
Mangroves are a distinctive type of tree that have adapted to living in or near saltwater.
Mangroves are a favorite cover.
Mangroves are a group of trees and shrubs that live in the coastal intertidal zone.
Mangroves are a group of woody salt tolerant trees that are adapted to grow in the intertidal zone.
Mangroves are a kind of tree that lives in or around the water.
Mangroves are a special tree that can live in salty soil or water.
Mangroves are a type of tree that can tolerate having it's roots submerged in salt water.
Mangroves are a type of wetland and are one of the most threatened habitats worldwide.
Mangroves are also important nesting sites for several species of birds.
Mangroves are also present extensively in neighbouring Yemen.
Mangroves are also prime nesting and migratory sites for hundreds of bird species.
Mangroves are also sensitive to pollution, particularly oil pollution.
Mangroves are also tolerant of soils low in oxygen.
Mangroves are also very important in the Caribbean.
Mangroves are also very sensitive to herbicides.
Mangroves are an ideal sanctuary for birds, some of which are migratory.
Mangroves are an important habitat.
Mangroves are an important natural barrier as well as a profitable timber resource.
Mangroves are an important nursery for fish and shrimp and bird life.
Mangroves are an important source of food and materials for many coastal people.
Mangroves are breeding grounds for marine life, especially prawns and crabs.
Mangroves are coastal trees or shrubs that are adapted to estuarine or even saline environment .
Mangroves are economically very valuable in the area and are used heavily.
Mangroves are enormously productive systems and feed large populations of fish.
Mangroves are essential to maintain our fishing industries.
Mangroves are essential to the ecology of the coast and the island.
Mangroves are essentially a tropical ecosystem and exist in Florida only up to the frost line.
Mangroves are extremely important in preventing erosion.
Mangroves are extremely important to the coastal ecosystems they inhabit.
Mangroves are halophytic trees found in salty, saturated soils.
Mangroves are highly dependent on freshwater runoff to maintain an optimum salinity balance.
Mangroves are highly productive areas contributing to the food chains of coastal oceanic areas.
Mangroves are home to and reinforce many different food webs.
Mangroves are home to many animals.
Mangroves are home to many bird species and mollusks.
Mangroves are important in shoreline stabilization.
Mangroves are important in the maintenance of commercial offshore stocks of fishes.
Mangroves are interesting plants because they have evolved to live in salt water.
Mangroves are like botanical amphibians, and form some of the most productive ecosystems on Earth.
Mangroves are maritime trees that send out many prop roots which intertwine to form islands.
Mangroves are nursery areas for sport and commercial species of fish.
Mangroves are one of Florida's true natives and are part of our state heritage.
Mangroves are one of Florida's true natives.
Mangroves are present here.
Mangroves are prevalent along the world s tropical and subtropical coastlines.
Mangroves are prime nesting and migratory resting and feeding sites for hundreds of bird species.
Mangroves are protected in Northland.
Mangroves are remarkably tough.
Mangroves are rich in fish, prawns, crabs and other aquatic life.
Mangroves are rich in fungi some of which are thought to contain a possible future cure for cancer.
Mangroves are salt-tolerant trees that provide a nesting area for a variety of birds.
Mangroves are saltwater plants that actually drive the local ecosystem.
Mangroves are shrubs or small trees that grow in coastal saline or brackish water .
Mangroves are small trees found in the tropics that root in shallow marine sand and mud.
Mangroves are some of the most productive ecosystems in the world.
Mangroves are supported by a complex, interlaced system of prop roots.
Mangroves are the border between land and sea.
Mangroves are the common name for three species of trees and shrubs found along warm water coasts.
Mangroves are the dominant intertidal plants of the tropics and subtropics.
Mangroves are the dominant tree along the shorelines and winding channels of the keys.
Mangroves are the foundation of islands.
Mangroves are the only trees that are capable of thriving in salt water.
Mangroves are the rainforests by the sea.
Mangroves are trees and shrubs that grow in coastal areas.
Mangroves are trees and shrubs that grow in saline coastal habitats in the tropics and subtropics.
Mangroves are trees or plants which grow in the area between the land and water.
Mangroves are trees that are able to live in salt water.
Mangroves are trees that live in swampy environments along the coast in the tropics.
Mangroves are tropical evergreen trees and shrubs.
Mangroves are tropical forests that occur within tidal zones along coastlines and river deltas.
Mangroves are tropical plants, killed by freezing temperatures.
Mangroves are tropical trees that are adapted to salt water and to the rigors of tides.
Mangroves are unique trees that can withstand life in the saltwater environment.
Mangroves are very interesting plants.
Mangroves are very productive coastal resources that are useful in many ways.
Mangroves are very vulnerable to oil, which can kill or cause lasting damage to the trees.
Mangroves are well adapted to the anoxic sediments into which the roots extend.
Mangroves are wonderful ecosystems found throughout the worlds tropical coastlines.
Mangroves are woody plants that form the dominant vegetation of mangrove forests.
Mangroves attract herons.
Mangroves begin as a seed, called a propagule, which germinates while still attached to the tree.
Mangroves benefit the environment by preserving water quality and reducing pollution.
Mangroves border the mile-long body of water.
Mangroves buzz with insects.
Mangroves can act as a barrier to neutralize or buffer wave action.
Mangroves can adapt to slow sea level rise, for example.
Mangroves can also act as a barrier to neutralize or buffer wave action.
Mangroves can be surprisingly resilient to water salinity.
Mangroves can help prevent erosion by stabilizing shorelines with their specialized root systems.
Mangroves can take several decades to regenerate.
Mangroves characteristically have roots growing above the mud.
Mangroves come in a variety of types that each like different water levels.
Mangroves contribute to the productivity of bordering estuaries.
Mangroves convert solar energy into plant tissue.
Mangroves cover most of the coastal areas, but occasionally there are golden, sandy beaches.
Mangroves cover much of the shore and coconut palms provide shade.
Mangroves develop roots.
Mangroves dominate three quarters of tropical coastlines.
Mangroves enjoy life without frosts.
Mangroves exhibit several different types of mechanisms for coping with highly saline conditions.
Mangroves face certain specific challenges to growth associated with tropical intertidal zones.
Mangroves form dense barriers against storms and tsunamis, saving lives and protecting property.
Mangroves form dense, almost impenetrable thickets which buffer the physical forces of storms.
Mangroves fringe long stretches of the coast as well as riverbanks.
Mangroves fringe the northern coast's river inlets and cover many of the cays.
Mangroves generally enjoy low energy, muddy shorelines, particularly tropical deltas.
Mangroves generally grow in areas where salt and fresh water mix.
Mangroves give food and shelter to a unique group of organisms found nowhere else in the world.
Mangroves grow along shorelines where fresh river water and sea water mix together.
Mangroves grow along the coasts and the mouths of rivers.
Mangroves grow in areas.
Mangroves grow in beaches.
Mangroves grow in flooded saltwater areas and are salt tolerant.
Mangroves grow in fresh water.
Mangroves grow in saltwater swamps along the eastern and southern coasts.
Mangroves grow in water.
Mangroves grow in wet, muddy soil at the water's edge which can be subject to tides and flooding.
Mangroves grow on flat terrains.
Mangroves grow on prop roots that elevate foliage above fluctuating water tables.
Mangroves grow on protected coasts where muddy sedi- ments accumulate.
Mangroves grow on terrains.
Mangroves hate frost.
Mangroves have (part) bark.
Mangroves have (part) cell membranes.
Mangroves have (part) cells.
Mangroves have (part) corpi.
Mangroves have (part) cytoplasm.
Mangroves have (part) leaf nodes.
Mangroves have (part) nuclei.
Mangroves have (part) plasma membranes.
Mangroves have (part) sections.
Mangroves have (part) stumps.
Mangroves have (part) tree branches.
Mangroves have (part) treetops.
Mangroves have (part) trunks.
Mangroves have (part) vacuoles.
Mangroves have (part) xylem.
Mangroves have a long historical link with human culture and civilization.
Mangroves have a unique reproductive strategy for a plant.
Mangroves have desert plants.
Mangroves have economic, social, cultural, scientific and aesthetic values to man.
Mangroves have enormous ecological value.
Mangroves have extensive ranges.
Mangroves have leaves.
Mangroves have many adaptations to live in their extremely salty environment.
Mangroves have one of the most unique reproductive strategies in the plant world.
Mangroves have other important roles.
Mangroves have plants.
Mangroves have ranges.
Mangroves have seedlings.
Mangroves have seeds.
Mangroves have several requirements to develop.
Mangroves have the ability to filter water through their diverse root system.
Mangroves have three basic organs lika any other ordinary plant, the stem, the leaf and the root.
Mangroves help protect coastlines from erosion, storm damage, and wave action.
Mangroves help protect our coastlines from storm damage.
Mangroves line much of the shoreline.
Mangroves line some of the bays.
Mangroves line the Belize coast and the mouths of rivers.
Mangroves live in a harsh environment at the very edge of the sea, where land meets water.
Mangroves live in shallow water areas and gather sediments that support the root structures.
Mangroves live life on the edge.
Mangroves live right in the water .
Mangroves live right in the water.
Mangroves look like trees.
Mangroves minimize the loss of property and human lives throughout the globe.
Mangroves mostly grow in warmer climates, reaching their greatest size and diversity in the tropics.
Mangroves need water.
Mangroves occupy positions.
Mangroves perform a vital ecological role providing habitat for a wide variety of species.
Mangroves play a role both on land and in the water.
Mangroves prevent erosion with their thick, extensive root systems, by holding sediments together.
Mangroves produce extensive root systems.
Mangroves produce flowers.
Mangroves produce leaves year around, shedding and growing new leaves on a continual basis.
Mangroves produce seeds.
Mangroves produce white flowers.
Mangroves protect both the saltwater and the freshwater ecosystems they straddle.
Mangroves protect the coast by absorbing the energy of high waves and storms.
Mangroves protect the coastline from erosion and provide essential breeding grounds for fish fry.
Mangroves provide a habitat . . .
Mangroves provide an important habitat for a broad range of birds.
Mangroves provide benefits.
Mangroves provide energy for their respective ecosystems.
Mangroves provide essential habitat for many species, from birds, to fish, to crabs.
Mangroves provide essential habitat for thousands of species.
Mangroves provide nesting sites for several rare bird species.
Mangroves provide one of the basic food chain resources for marine organisms.
Mangroves provide protected nursery areas for fishes, crustaceans, and shellfish.
Mangroves provide protected nursery areas for juvenile reef fishes, crustaceans, and molluscs.
Mangroves provide safe havens and breeding grounds for a variety of birds, fishes and shellfish.
Mangroves provide wildlife with roosting sites, nesting locations, and bird and wildlife protection.
Mangroves serve as feeding and breeding grounds for many fish species including the barramundi .
Mangroves serve as feeding and breeding grounds for many fish species including the barramundi.
Mangroves serve as storm buffers by reducing wind and wave action in shallow shoreline areas.
Mangroves shelter other marine life, control erosion and filter runoff.
Mangroves shelter other marine life, control erosion, and filter runoff.
Mangroves store fresh water.
Mangroves store water.
Mangroves tend to replace salt marshes in tropical regions.
Mangroves thrive in environments.
Mangroves thrive in saltwater environments.
Mangroves thrive in salty environments because they are able to obtain freshwater from saltwater.
Mangroves thus represent a substantial economic value based on both use and non-use functions.
Mangroves typically form a woodland or shrubland habitat.
All mangroves disperse their offspring by water.
All mangroves have a root system that sticks up in the air so the plant can breathe.
Most mangroves usually form in tropical salty waters, typically near the mouth of a river.
Most mangrove leaves provide habitats.
Most mangroves attract herons.
Most mangroves develop roots.
Most mangroves grow in areas.
Most mangroves grow in beaches.
Most mangroves grow in fresh water.
Most mangroves grow in water.
Most mangroves grow on flat terrains.
Most mangroves grow on terrains.
Most mangroves have desert plants.
Most mangroves have extensive ranges.
Most mangroves have plants.
Most mangroves have ranges.
Most mangroves have seedlings.
Most mangroves have seeds.
Most mangroves live on muddy soils, but they also can grow on sand, peat, and coral rock.
Most mangroves live on muddy soils, but they also grow on sand, peat, and coral rock.
Most mangroves look like trees.
Most mangroves occupy positions.
Most mangroves produce flowers.
Most mangroves produce seeds.
Most mangroves produce white flowers.
Most mangroves provide benefits.
Most mangroves store fresh water.
Most mangroves thrive in environments.
Most mangroves thrive in saltwater environments.
Some mangrove leaves have low water potential.
Some mangrove leaves have potential.
Some mangrove leaves provide essential resources.
Some mangrove leaves provide resources.
Some mangroves attain height.
Some mangroves grow along the riverside.
Some mangroves grow in intertidal zones.
Some mangroves grow in zones.
Some mangroves grow on areas.
Some mangroves have ability.
Some mangroves have aerial roots.
Some mangroves have develop aerial roots.
Some mangroves have exclusion.
Some mangroves have flowers.
Some mangroves have roots.
Some mangroves have salt-excreting glands on or near their leaves.
Some mangroves have seeds that float in the sea until they find suitable ground to grow on.
Some mangroves occur in intertidal zones.
Some mangroves occur in zones.
Some mangroves provide habitats.
Some mangroves show differences.
Manhattan Beach has much to offer.
Manhattan Beach has to offer.
Manhattan Beach is a hot spot for surfing, body surfing, or boogie boarding.
Manhattan Beach is built on sand.
Manhattan Beach is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Manhattan Beach is truly a special location.
Manhattan Beach offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Manhattan Beach offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Manhattan buildings have marble-faced lobbies with live flowers and uniformed doormen.
Manhattan hotels encourage reservations from the Internet, and they are very helpful.
Some Manhattan roads have more than one name, but only appear once in the list.
A manhattan is a cocktail
Manhattan abuses drugs in the sense of exploiting their lure while creating a cautionary tale.
Manhattan allows the teacher to divide a class into small groups called teams.
Manhattan also has attractive purple scapes and bracts that appear early in the sales season.
Manhattan also has many international banks that can facilitate currency exchange.
Manhattan also has several promising gold and silver exploration projects in Peru and elsewhere.
Manhattan can be such a fabulous place for some people, like tourists and millionaires.
Manhattan celebrates all that man is capable of achieving.
Manhattan comes from the Delaware Indian word for island, menatay.
Manhattan continually seeks qualified personnel.
Manhattan counters with a power-running game.
Manhattan disappears as the train follows the Hudson upriver.
Manhattan has a very diverse student community.
Manhattan has all the sights.
Manhattan has clean water, clean air, clean parks, clean streets, and a low crime rate.
Manhattan has extreme texture.
Manhattan has furnished apartments available for as little as a few months up to a year.
Manhattan has many famous landmarks, tourist attractions, museums, and universities.
Manhattan has plenty of landmarks and things to see in close proximity.
Manhattan has the highest recorded levels of outdoor diesel particulates in the nation.
Manhattan is a clean and quiet city.
Manhattan is a difficult place for jazz musicians to find their place.
Manhattan is a fine institution.
Manhattan is a great place to live.
Manhattan is a great place to visit, and Long Island in contrast is quieter and more relaxed.
Manhattan is a mixed bag of blessings.
Manhattan is a packed city.
Manhattan is a private system protected by a username and password.
Manhattan is a simple town to a highway truck.
Manhattan is a simpler distance learning solution.
Manhattan is a strong national construction company with an excellent group of subcontractors.
Manhattan is a system for delivering courses via the Web.
Manhattan is a tough place to play.
Manhattan is absent.
Manhattan is actually quite small.
Manhattan is also the oldest, densest, and most built-up part of the entire urbanized region.
Manhattan is an island oriented north-south with Central Park in the middle.
Manhattan is an island southeast of New York at the mouth of the Hudson River.
Manhattan is apartment buildings and cement.
Manhattan is behind home plate.
Manhattan is big, and rents are exploding there.
Manhattan is by far the most exciting city in the world.
Manhattan is different.
Manhattan is easy to find and accessible to major roadway systems.
Manhattan is easy to navigate since most of the streets are in a grid.
Manhattan is essentially free of air pollution and smog.
Manhattan is evacuated.
Manhattan is far from being a blessed isle, after all.
Manhattan is full of exciting dining, shopping and entertainment.
Manhattan is hoppin .
Manhattan is it.
Manhattan is Just Across the Hudson.
Manhattan is known as a college town.
Manhattan is less than two hours by train, car or bus.
Manhattan is located in Riley County.
Manhattan is located in the heart of the scenic Flint Hills in northeast Kansas.
Manhattan is located in the northern Flint Hills region of Kansas.
Manhattan is now one big dating bar for the high-tech crowd.
Manhattan is now the home of one of the finest schools of Oriental medicine in the country.
Manhattan is on the right.
Manhattan is one of the best places in the world for dining deux.
Manhattan is one of the least desirable locations on Earth for archival storage.
Manhattan is one of the most densely populated spots on earth.
Manhattan is one of the most racially and ethnically diverse communities in the country.
Manhattan is only a short subway ride away.
Manhattan is ope n every day of the year for lunch, dinner and cocktails.
Manhattan is open every day of the year for lunch, dinner and cocktails.
Manhattan is ridiculous to live in.
Manhattan is shown in the lighter shade of green in the leftmost portion of the map.
Manhattan is situated on a large island in the middle of the Hudson River.
Manhattan is so far away.
Manhattan is the best team.
Manhattan is the capital of the state and is the main spot where everyone visits.
Manhattan is the center of it all.
Manhattan is the center of New York's cultural life.
Manhattan is the glittering heart of the metropolis.
Manhattan is the heart of the city.
Manhattan is the most.
Manhattan is the only major real estate market in the country without a multiple listing service.
Manhattan is the region's core.
Manhattan is the very first video ever produced in the letterbox format.
Manhattan is unique among the boroughs in that most of the shoreline is owned by the city or state.
Manhattan is very, very big.
Manhattan is very, very far from the desert in more than geography.
Manhattan is, of course, another island far away.
Manhattan Let's face it, Manhattan is always the first to set the trend.
Manhattan lies in the northern Flint Hills region of Kansas.
Manhattan never closes.
Manhattan offers personal attention, good fellowship, and small classes.
Manhattan pays too much attention to size and too little to slope.
Manhattan provides supply chain management and collaborates on e-commerce operations.
Manhattan runs full steam around the clock.
Manhattans are cities.
Manhattans are cocktails.
Manhole access is provided topside for the majority of scenarios.
A manhole cover is a cover
Manhole covers are round because sewer pipes are round.
A manhole is a hole
Manhole covers and grates.
Manhole covers and manhole rehab.
Manholes are access points to pumping stations, valve vaults, and drainage systems.
Manholes are another problem.
Manholes are collection points for sewage and storm water and are gravity operated.
Manholes are holes.
Manholes are how workers get from the streets to the systems underground.
Manholes are located in street corners.
Manholes are no exception.
Manholes are points of access to the sewer system for maintenance reasons.
Manholes provide access to sewers for maintenance.
All manholes emit steam.
Manhood is adulthood
Manhood settles down.
A manhunt is a search
More manhunts are to take place in the future in cities selected via online polls.
Mani stones are flat stones that are intricately carved with a Buddhist invocation.
A mania is a motive
Mania can be very infectious to bystanders.
Mania can seriously impair one's normal judgment.
Mania causes the excessive release of neurochemicals such as dopamine.
Mania consists of at least a week of an abnormally elevated, irritable or grandiose mood.
Mania flows into depression.
Mania has a four-hour time slot instead of the usual three hours.
Mania involves a combination.
Mania is a collection of behaviors, like depression is a collection.
Mania is a component of manic depressive or bipolar disease.
Mania is a game that makes learning about our fifty states fun.
Mania is a psychosis which can produce bizarre, grandiose, highly elaborated destructive plans.
Mania is a roaring farce about a bank loan officer with a bevy of problems.
Mania is another slightly different and potentially very dangerous form of psychosis or insanity.
Mania is associated with increased blood flow and energy consumption in the cerebral cortex.
Mania is associated with thinking and behavior that appears to be inappropriate and out of control.
Mania is attenuated, with less flight of ideas and milder manic symptoms.
Mania is characterized by the overflow of kinetic energy.
Mania is defined as marked elevation in mood as evidenced by a hyperactive, widely optimistic state.
Mania is more likely to be seen as attention deficit disorder.
Mania is on the other end of the spectrum of mood disorders when compared to depression.
Mania is the most severe of the two states.
Mania is the opposite of depression and is a state of frenzied energy and euphoria.
Mania is the opposite of depression.
Mania is the term used for the full blown episode.
Mania is when a person 's brain goes into a high-energy state .
Mania is when a person's brain goes into a high-energy state.
Mania movies nudity offers peep shows, videos, and pictures.
Mania produces consequences , while words never listen and teachers never learn.
Mania tends to have a lack of satisfaction in relationships.
Manias are affective disorder.
Manias are obvious to the majority only in retrospect.
Manias exist because a popular point of view becomes over-exploited.
Manias exist from time to time, whether it be tulips, gold, or Internet stocks.
Manias happen all the time.
Manias always end badly.
A maniac is a sufferer
Maniacs are very energetic , they have unusual thought patterns .
Maniacs are very energetic, they have unusual thought patterns.
Maniacal laughter is so much more effective with a little peanut butter stuck to the vocal cords.
Some maniacal laughter starts out the CD followed by someone doing a beat-box.
Maniacal participants shove, jerk and strain in an attempt to cripple the opposition.
A manic depression is an emotional disturbance
Manic depression can be a lethal illness.
Manic depression can be very difficult for everyone involved.
Manic depression has no cure.
Manic depression includes feelings of euphoria or agitation.
Manic depression involves wide mood alterations, with periods of both depression and mania.
Manic depression is a horrible disease.
Manic depression is a medical disorder just like arthritis or diabetes.
Manic depression is a serious label and a serious disorder.
Manic depression is a serious medical condition.
Manic depression is also common in adolescents.
Manic depression is even more difficult to understand.
Manic depression is likely to run in families and, in some cases, is believed to be hereditary.
Manic depression is the common name that's used to describe bipolar disorder.
Manic depression is two diseases in one and manifests itself by altering a sufferer's mood swings.
Manic depression occurs equally between the sexes.
Manic depression's a frustrated mess.
Manic depressions are illnesses.
Manic depressions are mental illnesses.
Manic episodes are more likely to receive clinical attention compared to Depressive episodes.
Manic episodes are very similar to hypomanic episodes, except they are more severe.
Manic exhaustion can kill.
Manic love is most likely to lead to possessiveness and jealousy.
Manic periods are difficult for friends and family to deal with .
Manic symptoms are often pretty unmistakable.
Manic thrill comes from all the right things.
Manichean masterpiece is here.
A manicure is a beauty treatment
A manicure is attention
Manicures are available as well.
Manicures are care.
Manicures are great for all nail types.
Manicured gardens surround the resort and create a private setting.
Manicured grounds feature heated pool, wading pool, whirlpool, playground.
Manicured lawn leads down to the dock for clean shallow swimming.
Manicured lawns are devoid of the vegetation that normally prevents a shoreline from eroding.
Manicured lawns fall away to golden beaches on an azure lagoon.
Manicured types associate their lawn with cultural conservatism.
Manicurings are cuttings.
Manicurist tables are just the right height for a toddler to be able to reach the top.
A manicurist is an artisan
Manicurists are beauticians.
Manicurists routinely handle solvents, chemicals, solutions, and glues.
Manicurists table for rent.
Many manicurists start off with a base filler, or a base for the color polish.
Some manicurists add salt to keep the hands from becoming too pruney.
Manifest destiny is full of grim consequences.
Manifest destiny is imperialism
Manifest destiny turns out to be a lie to ease the conscience of national thievery.
Manifest disregard is more than an error or misunderstanding of law.
Manifest functions are intended consequences that are recognized by the participants.
Manifest injustice depends on the facts and circumstances of the particular case.
Manifest injustice is dependent upon the facts and circumstances of the particular case.
A manifest is an instrument
Manifest comes from the same word as manual.
Manifests are legal documents.
Manifests innermost wishes.
Manifests moderate anticholinergic and sedative effects but slight orthostatic hypotensive effects.
Manifests shipments with accuracy.
All manifests have a place for a signature and a confirmation indicator.
Manifestation am Hals.
Manifestation appears to include dynamics.
Manifestation applies that insight.
Manifestation implies limitation.
Manifestation is a fun one.
Manifestation is a law of good and evil alike.
Manifestation is a rather daunting word.
Manifestation is afoot.
Manifestation is an appearance
Manifestation is appearances.
Manifestation is densified music.
Manifestation is expensive.
Manifestation is indications.
Manifestation is often instantaneous.
Manifestation is pronounced and active.
Manifestation is sounds made visible.
Manifestation is temporary as is our suffering.
Manifestation is, after all, an expression of power.
Manifestation means as much as origination.
Manifestation means clear evidence that something is there.
Manifestation occurs only when symmetries are broken.
Manifestations appear early in life, in half of the patients before age ten.
Manifestations are a full story of an interaction.
Manifestations are common.
Manifestations are diverse, includmg endocarditis and septicemia.
Manifestations are indistinguishable from other types of gram-negative bacillary septicemia.
Manifestations can be anemia, slow recovery from diseases, poor gains, or general unthriftiness.
Manifestations can vary greatly.
Manifestations come to humanity at times when societies are at their nadir.
Manifestations have the aspects of here and now for the entity to which they are manifest.
Manifestations range from Slight discomfort to serve reactions that terminate in death.
All manifestation is bipolar and is evolving.
All manifestation takes a powder.
All manifestations generally resolve if the systemic infection is successfully treated.
Any manifestation can conjure real entities from within.
Any manifestation includes literally anything.
Some manifestations are downright ridiculous.
Some manifestations are exceptional.
Manifested light is the projection into manifestivity of creative intelligence.
A manifesto is a declaration
Manifestoes are an important part of any undertaking.
Manifestos are declarations.
Manifestos are reference work.
Manifestos have to exaggerate.
Manifold blessings are sure to follow.
Manifold design is open without limits of porting to single air flow measuring device.
Manifold eagerness is love.
Manifold interiors are easy to inspect and readily accessible for clean out.
Manifold jewels intermingle, producing the most beautiful colors.
Manifold love is adoration.
Manifold pressure is limited only by the amount of compressed air available.
Manifold pressure is the pressure used to determine orifice sizing and BTU output.
Manifold size is selected for each project, based on maximum system flow.
Manifold worships are facets of the single crystal of the whole which is religion.
A manifold is a pipe
Manifold are the uses of rings.
Manifolds also come in for a bashing.
Manifolds are available to hold three, five, or ten units.
Manifolds are geometric objects, such as surfaces and solids.
Manifolds are pipes.
Manifolds are to be replacement manufactured parts accepted for that make and model tractor.
Manifolds are usually one of three types sandwich, cast, or drilled.
Manifolds can be daisy-chained to create a higher number of valves.
Manifolds guide the gas to and from the ports and fittings.
Manifolds play very important roles in many different fields.
All manifolds are steel pipe with brass fittings.
Most manifolds are simply hollow chambers with outlet holes on the perimeter.
A manikin is a dummy
Manikins are useful for the performance practice in splinting and dressing.
Manila clams are the most popular type of clam being harvested.
Manila clams look great and are plentiful.
Manila color indicates little or no population change.
Manila envelopes are inexpensive, and are available from any stationery supplier.
Manila folders are reusable and recyclable.
Manila hemp makes the finest ropes which have held ships to docks throughout the world.
Manila hotels are expensive.
Manila mangoes are a banana-colored yellow when underripe and ripe both.
Manila rope provides low elongation at maximum working loads and under sustained loads.
A manila is paper
Manila accommodates emergency interviews.
Manila also has a Jewish cemetery.
Manila also has an interface which programs can use to manipulate web sites.
Manila also serves as the financial and publishing center of the nation.
Manila aspires to be a complete web-publishing system.
Manila becomes a crucial link to the markets in the Western Pacific.
Manila brings content management to the Web browser.
Manila can profit from a better defence against floods.
Manila changes the game.
Manila claims the buildings erected by China on Filipino-claimed Mischief Reef are for military use.
Manila essentially looks after the recruitment of ratings.
Manila folders to act as backing for the wings.
Manila handles making sure that the table is stored within the site.
Manila has a few cafes and motels, a small grocery store, and gasoline.
Manila has a few cafes, motels, a small grocery store, and gasoline.
Manila has a minimum of stretch and is very strong.
Manila has an excellent harbor.
Manila has an extra budget, just announced, for one officer to interview in Korea and one in Japan.
Manila has another worry.
Manila has numerous open-air beer gardens.
Manila has yet to identify a new landfill site.
Manila is a complete web writing and design environment.
Manila is a content management tool that allows for the easy creation and maintenance of web sites.
Manila is a home product too.
Manila is a major seaport, a crossroads of trade in the Asia-Pacific region.
Manila is a program meant to facilitate the creation of cyberspace communities.
Manila is a sprawling metropolis which showcases the country s healthy blend of east and west.
Manila is a study in contrast.
Manila is a web service .
Manila is also engaged in several economic disputes.
Manila is an awful place.
Manila is an extremely powerful program.
Manila is another discount haven, at least in dollar terms.
Manila is as diverse and exciting as the people who live there.
Manila is awash with many rumours bordering on the absurd.
Manila is awash with nasty rumors.
Manila is brought to life in the best way that a city can be in a novel.
Manila is country's capital and premier gateway to country.
Manila is definitely a fun place to grow up in.
Manila is drowned in density.
Manila is for meetings.
Manila is interesting for several reasons.
Manila is located on Luzon.
Manila is one of Asia's premier cities and an international gateway city.
Manila is open for business.
Manila is opened to foreign trade.
Manila is our browser-based web content management system.
Manila is peppered with Internet cafes.
Manila is prepared for disappointment.
Manila is rife with beat-up vehicles that somehow pass for taxis.
Manila is safe to tourists.
Manila is simple, easy, powerful, and infinitely customizable.
Manila is so much more ambitious.
Manila is still a limited tool, in many ways, largely due to the limitations of browsers.
Manila is the best place to buy South Sea pearls.
Manila is the biggest city and the national capital.
Manila is the capital and largest city of the Philippines.
Manila is the capital of the Philippines.
Manila is the capital.
Manila is the country's capital and premier gateway to the country.
Manila is the country's capital and premier gateway to the Philippines.
Manila is the icing.
Manila is the largest city in the country.
Manila is the most difficult to review.
Manila is the oldest, the most established, and the political capital.
Manila is very large and populated.
Manila is where one can find the professional expertise for convention handling.
Manila leads all other provinces in population density.
Manila lets everyone who works on a site focus on what they do best.
Manila logs a list of referers .
Manila lowers the webtop publishing threshhold approximately to zero .
Manila lowers the webtop publishing threshhold approximately to zero.
Manila makes it easy to edit a Web site using nothing more than a Web browser.
Manila makes Web content management accessible to non-technical people.
Manila makes Web editing easy and fast.
Manila now boasts one of the hottest property markets in Asia.
Manila officially denies talking ransom with the rebels.
Manila relies on mainResponder heavily.
Manila says everybody wins.
Manila says it is paying no ransom.
Manila says it's guilt by association.
Manila says the deficit is due to capital-goods imports for industry.
Manila seems determined to keep it at that level.
Manila separates form from content, so designers can design and writers can write.
Manila supports a separate home page template that's different from the main site template.
Manila supports static rendering, with automatic cache maintenance.
Manila takes care of all the drudgery of what things go where.
Manila turns any Web browser into a powerful Web content workstation.
Manila turns the web into a project manager .
Manila turns the web into a project manager.
Manila wants fighters, patrol boats and amphibious craft.
Manila wants to develop tourism.
Manila works in a very similar manner.
Manilas are capital cities.
Manilas are capital.
Manilas are cities.
Manilas are paper.
Manilas seem to have more distinct radial sculpture at the posterior end.
Manila usually needs only three or four tucks.
Manile o s tastebuds.
Manilla tag is a reasonably inexpensive alternative.
Manioc leaves are one of the main ingredients, usually appearing on menus as feuille .
Manipulated data is as valuable as raw data.
Manipulation also creates suspicion and hostility from others.
Manipulation becomes more difficult if there is a solid framework of rules and expectations.
Manipulation can involve a number of techniques to affect the supply of, or demand for, a stock.
Manipulation can net great results, but it is risky to perform openly.
Manipulation can occur with both page images and digitized text.
Manipulation can relax muscles that have gone into spasm and effectively help relieve pain.
Manipulation causes resentment and prevents husband and wife from loving each other freely.
Manipulation controls with laser data.
Manipulation has effects.
Manipulation has tremendous effects.
Manipulation involves performing floating-point calculations on the data set.
Manipulation is a general introduction of force to an articulation.
Manipulation is a negative activity that hurts others.
Manipulation is a part of any melodrama, and Legends of the Fall is no exception.
Manipulation is a real boon to women during pregnancy.
Manipulation is a sign of aggression.
Manipulation is a typical example of a doctor-based intervention.
Manipulation is a worldly evil which only a precious few have been able to conquer and vanquish.
Manipulation is about interacting with objects in our environment.
Manipulation is about interactingwith objects in our environment.
Manipulation is accepted so let's use it as a foot in the door strategy.
Manipulation is always ethically suspect.
Manipulation is an important theme.
Manipulation is an ugly word.
Manipulation is another possible treatment method.
Manipulation is another topic.
Manipulation is as much an art as it is a clinical science.
Manipulation is authorized to chiropractic, medicine and physiotherapy.
Manipulation is awesome for supportive soft tissue.
Manipulation is contraindicative in disc herniation.
Manipulation is easy and rewarding.
Manipulation is essential to rehabilitation of the motor system.
Manipulation is influence
Manipulation is influence.
Manipulation is more complicated than simple lying.
Manipulation is okay as long as it is ethical.
Manipulation is one of several forms of manual therapy.
Manipulation is one of the major theories of leadership.
Manipulation is outside the scope of practice of both medical doctors and physical therapists.
Manipulation is performed around the world.
Manipulation is probably slightly more effective than mobilisation or physiotherapy.
Manipulation is the manual loading of the spine using short or long leverage methods.
Manipulation is the treatment given by chiropractors.
Manipulation isa event.
Manipulation means that education is at the mercy of the best-organized political interest groups.
Manipulation produces anger because it is deeply insulting.
Manipulation provides immense opportunity.
Manipulation provides opportunity.
Manipulation refers to the twirling and thrusting of the needle.
Manipulation results in an easier pregnancy and an easier delivery.
Manipulation skills increasing students speed and accuracy.
Manipulation takes place in a world often dominated by friction and collisions.
Manipulations are really effective when all the soft tissue and qi-point work has been thorough.
Manipulations are safe and more comfortable than some other methods.
Manipulations are similar, except there are no color controls.
Manipulation usually involves a sharp, precise thrusting movement of a joint to 'free it up'.
All manipulations are reversible.
All manipulations occur through ergonomically placed glove ports.
Most manipulation has effects.
Most manipulation has tremendous effects.
Most manipulation provides immense opportunity.
Most manipulation provides opportunity.
Most manipulations make use of restriction enzymes.
Some manipulation generates aerosols.
Some manipulation increases moisture.
Some manipulation provides evidence.
Some manipulations are obvious, such as the talking animals in Babe.
Manipulative aggression is then such offensive control.
Manipulative books are very popular.
Manipulative expenses vary.
Manipulative experiences help children appreciate how different one, ten, and a hundred are.
Some manipulative experiments demonstrate roles.
Manipulative formula wretches.
Manipulative games help teach preschool concepts.
Manipulative materials used in lessons to introduce, help explain, and reinforce math concepts.
Manipulative medicine can be very helpful in circumstances of minor derangement of the spine.
Manipulative medicine is no longer a taboo topic.
Manipulative parents are too busy working on their own needs to really meet their children's needs.
Manipulative play makes active use of the hands, muscles and eyes.
Manipulative tasks become increasingly more difficult to the point where many become impossible.
Some manipulator arms have tactile feedback and can handle delicate items.
A manipulator is a person
Manipulators allow artists to control various operations like transforms.
Manipulators are people.
Manipulators can be floor mounted or suspended from the ceiling.
Manipulators can change colors, hues, shading depths, and a variety of other things.
Manipulators hold the piece and allow the employee to turn and move it with little exertion.
Manipulators offer right button menus that switch in between, for example, rotation and move.
Manipulators often try to control beliefs and actions by exploiting people's feelings.
Manipulators often twist and distort facts to make themselves appear more attractive.
All manipulators live conceptually in world coordinates.
Manitoba is part of Canada.
Manitoba isa thing.
A mankind is a group
A mankind is a man
Mankind alone can neutralize the dark clouds of thought vibrations which it has produced.
Mankind appears trapped in a contradiction.
Mankind are barely at the beginning of contact with jinn and devils.
Mankind are both physically and morally depraved . .
Mankind are like the blind directed in the darkness by the blind.
Mankind are squares in a two dimensional plane.
Mankind arrives to a rousing cheer.
Mankind beats the computers to the punch.
Mankind becomes an endangered species and decides to take back their planet.
Mankind brings down upon itself a great sword.
Mankind can flourish in the lower stages of life with merely barbaric flashes of thought.
Mankind can gain food, shelter and clothes through the economic system.
Mankind can live in harmony with nature.
Mankind can only assist the food factory in two directions.
Mankind can only borrow and use the natural laws but never own an exclusive right on their use.
Mankind can pray to the wakan beings for help.
Mankind can pursue and cherish enlightenment from infancy to old age.
Mankind can stand great pain, suffering and privation.
Mankind can t stay in the cradle forever.
Mankind cares only about the process.
Mankind come from the mountains of Ararat in present day Turkey.
Mankind comes up with many plans.
Mankind consists of a wide variety of souls.
Mankind consists of body, soul, and spirit.
Mankind continually seeks happiness.
Mankind currently reacts from a deeply indoctrinated sleep.
Mankind decides to investigate and discovers that the visitors are anything but friendly.
Mankind delights in obstacles.
Mankind deserves an answer.
Mankind destroys everything, from relationships to atoms.
Mankind destroys the natural habitats through anchoring, dredging, dynamiting and bottom trawling.
Mankind differs from other primates in being almost naked.
Mankind differs from the animals only by a little, and most people throw that away.
Mankind discovers the obvious again.
Mankind does have a proclivity for complicating life.
Mankind dominates the animal kingdom.
Mankind encounters extraterrestrial intelligence.
Mankind enters a new millenium.
Mankind evolves over long periods of time, influenced greatly by terrestrial cycles.
Mankind exhibits a kind of collective amnesia in regard to past pole shifts.
Mankind exists in the form of individuals.
Mankind exists on but five worlds, settled with cryogenically frozen humans centuries before.
Mankind faces a crossroads.
Mankind faces many challenges.
Mankind faces towards the Way of Resurrection.
Mankind falls into four groups, when innate nature and inclinations are considered.
Mankind feels as if theyare in a foreign world, undersea, and new rules apply.
Mankind flips off the camera.
Mankind forgets quickly no matter what.
Mankind forms a section of the tapestry, other things form other sections that link to our section.
Mankind fractionates and separates, just as individual personalities do.
Mankind gets the point.
Mankind goes on the the apron and jumps down on the front of the announcers tabke.
Mankind goes to war with bugs at the other end of the galaxy.
Mankind goes to where their own inner soul vibrations are attuned too.
Mankind has a future in space.
Mankind has a guardian angel in the Eternals.
Mankind has a past littered with attempts to read the future.
Mankind has a propensity to pillage and waste everything it comes in contact with.
Mankind has a purpose and it is a purpose of the species as a whole.
Mankind has access to better and better techniques of genetic engineering.
Mankind has always been drawn to the sea, it soothes, attracts, infatuates.
Mankind has an incredibly big stake in the behavior of the climate.
Mankind has enough problems just predicting tomorrow's weather.
Mankind has great problems in every way imaginable.
Mankind has no obligation whatsoever to manmade religions, ideologies, philosophies and etc.
Mankind has no power of resistance against divine currents.
Mankind has other ways of being alerted to the rhythms of the universe.
Mankind has some power, some understanding, a limited body, etc.
Mankind has thousands of years of recorded history of pain and suffering.
Mankind has to be led from dualism to non-dualism.
Mankind has to be stirred up.
Mankind has to become, again, all love.
Mankind has to break away from that old psychology and enter into a totally new frame of mind.
Mankind has to get out of violence only through non-violence.
Mankind has to have someone to adulate, and also has to have someone to hate.
Mankind has trouble believing what they see and hear.
Mankind has very little time left to learn how to safeguard the Earth's ecosystems.
Mankind initially lives as one nation.
Mankind insists that they stop, and has every right to do so.
Mankind is a celebrating animal.
Mankind is a community based on ethical assumptions.
Mankind is a hybrid of animal and divine, but there are some with more traits of both and neither.
Mankind is a learning animal.
Mankind is a part of nature and has emerged as a result of continuous, natural evolutionary forces.
Mankind is a part of nature towards which it has responsibilities to assume.
Mankind is a product of biological evolution over a very long time span.
Mankind is a product of the Earth and the Earth provides the makeup of mankind's form.
Mankind is a race of explorers.
Mankind is a single body and each nation a part of that body.
Mankind is a social animal.
Mankind is a social creature, ever expanding their circle of friends.
Mankind is a special creation.
Mankind is a very small part of the total number of jivas that live on the land.
Mankind is able to be conscious of the universe because the universe itself is conscious.
Mankind is about to usher in a new century.
Mankind is all.
Mankind is also in control of the animal kingdom.
Mankind is also in search of eternal life.
Mankind is always at odds with someone over something.
Mankind is always on the voyage of discovery.
Mankind is always restless.
Mankind is an exclusively on-line game, where the number of partcipants are limitless.
Mankind is apt to be very evil,very good,or silent.
Mankind is assumed to mean women as well as men.
Mankind is at the last frontier.
Mankind is at the threshold of new powers that are unlike any innovations ever faced before.
Mankind is basically lazy.
Mankind is basically superstitious.
Mankind is but one species of the animals.
Mankind is capable of awareness of the first five stages, or dimensions, in the pattern.
Mankind is clearly fallen and lost in sin.
Mankind is commanded to establish courts of justice and a just social order.
Mankind is confused, frustrated and frightened.
Mankind is conscious of the consciousness that is the universe.
Mankind is dependent upon nature to supply hydrologic services.
Mankind is depraved and inclined towards sin.
Mankind is designed to be a servant . . .
Mankind is dispersed to develop individual character, cultural diversity.
Mankind is divided into groups with differing customs, languages, and names.
Mankind is envisaged as the real source of evil and malice.
Mankind is essentially instinctual and riddled with bad impulses.
Mankind is faced with trials and choices of a material nature.
Mankind is faced with two choices.
Mankind is far from flawless.
Mankind is finite, as space is finite, and so mankind identifies with space first.
Mankind is harder than iron, Stronger than stone and more fragile than a rose.
Mankind is ill, fatally ill.
Mankind is imperiled by the tests.
Mankind is in active search for new social models and ways to improve the existing one.
Mankind is in the grips of war for territory in the vast reaches of space.
Mankind is in the middle of the ring,and gets the corperate elbow.
Mankind is in transition, especially in cities.
Mankind is infinite, marvelous and full of meaning and significance.
Mankind is kept alive by bestial acts.
Mankind is like a five year old child playing with a loaded gun.
Mankind is limited, therefore anything referring to mankind about 'for ever and ever' is limited.
Mankind is littered with re- ligious intolerance.
Mankind is lustful after flesh be it for eating or sex.
Mankind is mad.
Mankind is many rivers That only want to run.
Mankind is more efficient either per day or per kg.
Mankind is more intelligent than animals.
Mankind is most destructive to penguins especially the humboldt pengins.
Mankind is much greater than any puppet or robot.
Mankind is no longer alone.
Mankind is now ready to go much much further.
Mankind is on the edge of having the power to change global climate.
Mankind is on the eve of a nuclear war.
Mankind is on the side of justice.
Mankind is once again upon the very brink of total annihilation.
Mankind is ONE species, ONE original family, ONE genetic stock.
Mankind is one.
Mankind is Our Business .
Mankind is Our Business.
Mankind Is Our Business.
Mankind is out cold out side.
Mankind is outraged by mistreatment and is always vocal to complain about injustice.
Mankind is part of nature.
Mankind is part of the whole scheme of things.
Mankind is perched at the edge of a vast new horizon.
Mankind is perfect.
Mankind is permitted to pray to the wakan beings.
Mankind is perverted and has no judgment.
Mankind is plagued with cancer, unexplainable diseases, chronic fatigue syndrome and rapid aging.
Mankind is prey to sudden awful viruses, and vigilance is always necessary.
Mankind is quite different to animals.
Mankind is radically free and responsible .
Mankind is rather insignificant in the vast universe.
Mankind is related to the ape through an unknown common ancestor.
Mankind is relatively free from biological instincts, drives and predispositions.
Mankind is safe and secure for ever.
Mankind is slammed on some solid steel fixtures.
Mankind is small and stupid.
Mankind is so adept at creating negativity.
Mankind is still immature.
Mankind is stretchered out.
Mankind is stuck in it's self-made shackles of time, space and gravity.
Mankind is studied primarily in terms of deviation from an abstract nonexistent standard.
Mankind is stupid.
Mankind is tempted from within to such sins and excesses.
Mankind is that lonely and vulnerable creature who is now the focus of divine attention.
Mankind is the animal that makes tools.
Mankind is the biggest blight on the face of the earth.
Mankind is the culprit.
Mankind is the enemy.
Mankind is the first animal to develop a real sense of time .
Mankind is the only being who makes musical instruments.
Mankind is the only being who makes weapons like spears and clubs.
Mankind is the only creature that controls fire.
Mankind is the only creature who makes weapons.
Mankind is the same today.
Mankind is thought to have evolved.
Mankind is threatened by a planet which is due to come in contact with Earth - physically.
Mankind is unique in the scheme of creation.
Mankind is very attached to stories of all kinds.
Mankind is very good at dehumanising.
Mankind is very good at destroying things.
Mankind is very hung up on self right now.
Mankind is very young.
Mankind is very, very old indeed, many millions of years.
Mankind is whisked away to the hospital.
Mankind is within the flow of the infinite.
Mankind is without a doubt a very ambitious undertaking.
Mankind knows less about electromagnetic energy today than early man new about the wheel then.
Mankind knows nothing.
Mankind lives inside of time.
Mankind loses their dignity without the Bible.
Mankind loves stories and their heroes.
Mankind makes the horse's bridle and also subjects the horse to wear it.
Mankind needs a new kind of typical personality and a better science of the good life.
Mankind needs a new social world economic system.
Mankind needs a purpose to survive.
Mankind needs a transcendent reason to continue striving against the struggles that life presents.
Mankind needs a world that is more in harmony.
Mankind needs and seeks spiritual guidance.
Mankind needs genius to rescue it from alienation.
Mankind needs humility and compassion, both of which are amply supplied by poverty and hardship.
Mankind needs purpose for living and guidelines to live by.
Mankind needs something to look up to an ideal, a dream, an aspiration.
Mankind needs to ensure that their world is viewed with tolerance.
Mankind now enjoys many benefits from nuclear-related technologies.
Mankind now lives.
Mankind offer a selection of great products, giving the ultimate male grooming experience.
Mankind offers a unique opportunity for contemporary actors.
Mankind offers exclusive premium brand male grooming products selected or designed for use by men.
Mankind owes to the child the best it has to give .
Mankind owes to the child the best it has to give.
Mankind owes to the child the best that it can give.
Mankind prepares for it's first encounter with alien intelligence.
Mankind prepares once again to make that journey as the cycles of time begin to unfold.
Mankind provides the best men's grooming products, information, advice and free samples.
Mankind recognizes that there are powers greater than man that work in the world and in men's lives.
Mankind responds in faith.
Mankind searches for peace.
Mankind seems to be a religious album that is willing to meet listeners half-way.
Mankind seems to think so.
Mankind seems very very small in comparison.
Mankind sees underwater ruins, angles and walls.
Mankind shares the Earth with ALL creatures.
Mankind stands in the presence of more riddles than the riddle of New Testament times.
Mankind steadily progresses, building on our learning, our methods of production and our technology.
Mankind still lives very inconsiderate.
Mankind strikes an unholy bargain at birth.
Mankind survives based upon the intelligence of the species.
Mankind symbolizes the dimensions of time and space on the fingers.
Mankind tends to be self-destructive.
Mankind then makes contact with an other race, who has FTL spaceships.
Mankind thinks either too much or too little of sin.
Mankind thinks naturally in extremes or else reconciles by a patchwork and compromise.
Mankind threatens to wipe civilization off the face of the earth.
Mankind throws Jericho into a chair.
Mankind thus faces a future in which radical change is absolutely inevitable.
Mankind toils and sweats.
Mankind tries to immortalize itself with such monuments.
Mankind waits outside the ring.
Mankind wants to be in a win-win situation.
Mankinds are capable of reachs.
Mankinds are defined as human races.
Mankinds are groups.
Mankinds are made of humanity.
Mankinds are part of nature.
Mankind always wants more than they presently have.
All mankind are sinners.
All mankind are the fruits of one tree, flowers of the same garden, waves of one sea.
All mankind can be brothers and sisters, beyond race and tradition.
All mankind go through a state of innocents based on ignorance.
All mankind is born in a state of sin and misery.
All mankind is busy expressing itself.
All mankind is dead in sin with no way to revive themselves.
All mankind is grass and all their glory like the flower of the field.
All mankind is grass, and all their glory like the flower of the field.
All mankind is in a fog intellectually and morally.
All mankind is like grass.
All mankind is lost in sin.
All mankind is now sinners.
All mankind is one volume.
All mankind is putrid to the core and riddled with sin.
All mankind love a lover.
All mankind loves a lover.
All mankind needs a saviour.
All mankind seeks the truth, but few find it.
All mankind stand related to each other, either as superiors, inferiors, or equals.
All mankind waits upon our decision.
Manly beach tends to be a bit more laid back than downtown.
Manly branch assist financially and with practical help.
Manly exercises are their sports, They have good luck in princely courts.
Manly people get into powerlifting because the want to greatly improve their strength.
Manly reef is a nice easy dive for people of any experience level.
Manmade carpet is what it is.
Manmade cover includes such things as fighting positions, trenches, walls, rubble, and craters.
Manmade developments have a primitive or historic appearance, including early day mining remains.
Manmade developments have a primitive, historic, or rustic western setting.
Manmade drugs are often safer, as well as more effective, than their botanical correspondents.
Manmade interventions fall on a lesser scale but nonetheless are important.
Manmade islands allow the roadway to enter the tunnels beneath the Bay's shipping channels.
Manmade items can be amulets.
Manmade lights change all that.
Manmade pollution causes the bacteria to grow, which promotes the growth of biotoxins.
Manmade rules divide.
Manmade snow is great, but as the day goes on it tends to get pretty slick.
Manmade soap has perfume smell.
A manna is a sap
Manna accepts individuals and groups as volunteers.
Manna encourages gifts of stock.
Manna gives off pleasant colored lighting and units are very well detailed overall.
Manna is a farcical look at how the children of Israel collected the coveted food.
Manna is described as being comparable to Hoarfrost in size .
Manna is described as being comparable to Hoarfrost in size.
Manna is from mannitol, a sugary substance.
Manna is the resin that seeps out of the bark when it is cut.
Manna needs volunteers to register participants for the walkathon for the homeless.
Manna speaks of the truths of the cross.
Manna specializes in domestic and international air freight forwarding services.
Manna takes another CIC into the next round.
Manna takes it easy and shuts the altered off early.
Mannas are bread.
Mannas are food.
Mannas are saps.
Some manna is set aside as a memorial for future generations.
Manned outposts provide a planned program.
Manned satellites move a lot.
Manned spacecraft are in bold .
Manned spacecraft is really a natural next step after that.
Manned spaceflight is dangerous and dramatic.
Manned tollbooths are one of the main factors causing congestion on toll roads in Japan.
Mannequin sculptors are usually on the look out for new models.
Mannequin sculptors can be in-house or can be commissioned.
A mannequin is a dummy
Mannequins add a touch of realism, though both vehicles are protected by Plexiglas fences.
Mannequins also keep showing up.
Mannequins are a big investment.
Mannequins are assistants.
Mannequins are available for basic and advanced skill practice.
Mannequins are dummies.
Mannequins depict the professional uniforms of the day.
Mannequins require a lot of storage space, are heavy and difficult to handle.
Some mannequins require twisting either clockwise or counterclockwise to lock the legs together.
Manner of articulation is cued by both frequency and temporal changes.
Manner of death appears to be homicide and being asphyxial and consistent with suffocation.
A manner is a property
Manner is informal and practical, rather than formal or academic.
Manner isa property.
Manners also teaches special education and social sciences.
Manners are a first form of legal-law.
Manners are a moveable morality, often changing without warning as a traveler crosses a border.
Manners are a sensitive awareness of the feelings of others.
Manners are a sensitive awarness of the feelings of others.
Manners are a social skill.
Manners are about appreciation.
Manners are always local.
Manners are appropriate ways of behaving, speaking, and dressing in a culture.
Manners are as important as prose and poetry.
Manners are back.
Manners are demeanor.
Manners are especially important when it comes to opening presents.
Manners are factitious, and grow out of circumstance as well as out of character.
Manners are impeccable, both in the show ring and in the barn.
Manners are important in Kindergarten.
Manners are important.
Manners are kinds.
Manners are mandatory for any family member.
Manners are minor morals.
Manners are more codified in Korea than in Western countries.
Manners are more imortant than looks.
Manners are more important than laws.
Manners are no substitute for principles.
Manners are obligatory upon a man, and even more than that upon a woman.
Manners are of extreme importance to a travel horse.
Manners are of more importance than laws.
Manners are of more importance that laws.
Manners are on the surface consciousness.
Manners are on the surface.
Manners are paramount.
Manners are properties.
Manners are sexy.
Manners are silent and mediate expressions of soul.
Manners are the most superficial level.
Manners are the oil in the gears of communication.
Manners are therefore more than ritual and form.
Manners are usaly the last resort of a weak argument.
Manners are very important as they are a sign of respect.
Manners are very important in Haitian society.
Manners assume off the top that because one is breathing, one deserves a certain justice.
Manners believes there is a 'Comments' section for that type of talk.
Manners can get in the way of clarity.
Manners can make or break a relationship.
Manners count for a lot.
Manners count online too.
Manners differ in different countries, States, Grand Lodges.
Manners don t just happen.
Manners evolve out of a community and everybody has to learn to manage their time for themselves.
Manners have nothing to do with geography.
Manners make the man.
Manners maketh a man'.
Manners maketh a man.
Manners maketh the man.
Manners mek di man.
Manners promote development.
Manners promote social development.
Manners provide some obstacle to resolving the situation.
Manners reflect social norms and the demands of the social context.
Manners require time, as nothing is more vulgar than haste.
Manners shape an individual's self-concept.
Manners still matter.
Manners tek yu thru' di worl'.
Manners then are a sort of consensus of what constitutes decent living.
Manners theorizes that running got into their blood through a Darwinian process.
Most manners promote development.
Most manners promote social development.
Some manners associate with famous people.
Some manners associate with people.
Some manners ensure survival.
Mannerism is pretense
Mannerism plays a role.
Mannerisms are different.
Mannerisms are important, too.
Mannerist paintings are often full of figures that seem to be twisting, writhing or fighting.
Manning rules specify the number of workers assigned to a machine or operation.
Mannose receptor is expressed in normal and dystrophic retinal pigment epithelium.
Mannual boat is also avaiable with much cheaper rate.
Manoeuvre is an operation
Every manoeuvre is a challenge.
Some manoeuvres are beyond the capability of western fighters.
Some manoeuvres have to be known by heart.
A manometer is a gage
Manometers are useful for measuring the pressure inside of a closed system.
Manometers show the pressure differences.
Some manor halls are part of castles.
Some manor halls are part of manors.
Some manor halls are part of palaces.
Manor Township is located in Lancaster County Pennsylvania.
Manor isa house.
Manors have (part) attics.
Manors have (part) bases.
Manors have (part) bathrooms.
Manors have (part) bedrooms.
Manors have (part) beds.
Manors have (part) boilers.
Manors have (part) ceilings.
Manors have (part) courtyards.
Manors have (part) decks.
Manors have (part) doorknobs.
Manors have (part) doorsteps.
Manors have (part) elevator cars.
Manors have (part) elevators.
Manors have (part) family rooms.
Manors have (part) floors.
Manors have (part) foundation stones.
Manors have (part) foyers.
Manors have (part) front rooms.
Manors have (part) hinges.
Manors have (part) interior doors.
Manors have (part) kitchens.
Manors have (part) libraries.
Manors have (part) manor halls.
Manors have (part) potties.
Manors have (part) readsides.
Manors have (part) roof peaks.
Manors have (part) roofs.
Manors have (part) room light.
Manors have (part) sections.
Manors have (part) shower baths.
Manors have (part) shower stalls.
Manors have (part) staircases.
Manors have (part) stairs.
Manors have (part) toilets.
Manors have (part) tubs.
Manors have (part) walls.
Manors have (part) window frames.
Manors have (part) windowpanes.
Manors have (part) windows.
Manorial records are among the most important sources of local history.
Manpower is a personnel
Manpower takes reponsibilty of all unemployment compensation and worker's comp benefits.
Manpower takes repsonsiblity for all federal, state, and local taxes.
More manpower is also in store for the border police stations.
More manpower is needed immediately, both temporary and residential.
A mansard is a roof
Mansards have a hip roof with dormer windows.
A mansion is a region
Mansion can be one or two stories, and revolves.
Mansion follows a similar pattern, drawing the listener into worship.
Mansion forfeits vs.
Mansion implies the notion of end and consequently of reward which is the end of merit.
Mansion is a die-cut, chunky cardboard set.
Mansion is closed to the general public.
Mansion isa region.
Mansion Rides Our links are to die for.
Mansions are houses.
Mansions are surrounded by lawns.
Mansions are used for governors.
Mansions often have beautiful gardens.
Many mansions have a metal door knocker in the shape of a woman's hand.
Most mansions are surrounded by lawns.
Mant floors are of natural wood giving a Scandinavian feel.
A manta ray is a ray
Manta ray rises from the sand at the base of a Carolina reef.
Manta rays are active swimmers adapted for a cruising lifestyle.
Manta rays are elasmobranchs, cartilaginous fish that are almost entirely flexible.
Manta rays are large rays belonging to the genus Manta.
Manta rays are marine animals whose life passes quietly in salt water.
Manta rays are numerous from spring to summer and during the beginning of autumn.
Manta rays are planktivores and cruise the open water filter feeding out small animals.
Manta rays are quiet and peaceful beings that pose no danger to humans.
Manta rays are subject to other anthropogenic threats.
Manta rays are the largest rays and are closely related to sharks.
Manta rays eat tiny marine organisms including microscopic plankton, small fish and crustaceans.
Manta rays feed close to the surface, where plankton tends to accumulate.
Manta rays feed on plankton .
Manta rays fly out of the water, dancing in a halo of sparkling droplets.
Manta rays give birth to live young called pups.
Manta rays glide through the clear, green sheen.
Manta rays jump out of the sea and twirl in a halo of sparkling water.
Manta rays lack the stingray's intimidating tail spine.
Manta rays reproduce by ovoviviparity with the birth of one pup during a breeding season.
Manta rays show no territorial behavior.
Manta rays viewable at night.
A manta is a ray
Manta has a hatch around the windshield which opens up over the driver's seat.
Manta has to regret showing up.
Manta is a sweet, gentle, older dog.
Manta is an excellent doubles player and has an excellent record in Davis Cup.
Manta means cloak in Spanish.
Manta offers deep discounts for organizations wanting to train multiple students concurrently.
Manta rays as they feed on plankton bloom.
Manta rays in Malaysia.
Manta rays jumping left and right and everywhere.
Manta rays leap out of the water and dance with surfers waiting for the next wave.
Manta rays, whales and dolphins are among the sea life .
Mantas also hang out in Yap, Micronesia at Manta Ridge, another cleaning station.
Mantas are black with a White underside.
Mantas are blankets.
Mantas are dark brown to black on top with paler margins and are primarily white underneath.
Mantas are dark brown to black.
Mantas are found in temperate , subtropical and tropical waters.
Mantas are giant rays with wing-like fins that also feed on plankton.
Mantas are harmless to humans.
Mantas are harmless unless harpooned.
Mantas are know to be curious around humans and have even been viewed jumping out of the water.
Mantas are most commonly black above and white below, but some are blue on their backs.
Mantas are rays.
Mantas are roller coasters.
Mantas are the biggest rays.
Mantas are the largest of the rays.
Mantas come to several cleaning stations in Yap twice a day - every day.
Mantas eat microscopic plankton, small fish, and tiny crustaceans.
Mantas feed in midwater on plankton.
Mantas have live births and, in all recorded cases, have had only a single embryo.
Mantas have live births, and, in all recorded cases, have had only a single embryo.
Mantas prefer plankton-rich waters and are regular visitors to a few select locations.
Mantas show up occasionally.
Mantas visit cleaning stations on coral reefs for the removal of external parasites.
Mantel clocks have either a swinging pendulum or a balance wheel to regulate time keeping.
Mantelpiece isa shelf.
Mantelpieces have (part) sections.
Some mantelpieces are part of chimneys.
Some mantelpieces are part of fireplaces.
Some mantelpieces are part of smokestacks.
A mantid is an insect
Mantids are available commercially and egg cases can be purchased during the winter months.
Mantids are beneficial because they consume other insects.
Mantids are beneficial to the extent that spiders are beneficial.
Mantids are classical ambush predators which lie in wait for prey.
Mantids are diurnal, that is, mainly eats during the day.
Mantids are good examples of insects that have gradual metamorphosis.
Mantids are helpful to humans because they eat harmful bugs.
Mantids are marketed in gardening circles as pest control aids.
Mantids are notable for their hunting abilities.
Mantids are predatory insects.
Mantids are relatively young, in terms of evolutionary time.
Mantids are some of the most difficult invertebrates to rear.
Mantids are the only insects that have a freely moveable head with a distinctive triangle shape.
Mantids are voracious eaters, feeding on insects and other invertebrates, including other mantids.
Mantids can rotate their head in almost a full circle.
Mantids come in a huge range of sizes, shapes and colors.
Mantids conduct regular grooming throughout the day, especially after feeding.
Mantids develop by gradual metamorphosis.
Mantids eat insects, including other mantids.
Mantids have a very distinctive body shape with large eyes on a triangular head.
Mantids have binocular vision , but only one ear.
Mantids have chewing mouthparts.
Mantids have triangular heads which can swivel easily.
Mantids spring into action from their well-camouflaged state when their keen vision has been piqued.
Mantids tend to be green or tan, and vary from three to six inches long.
Mantids tend to fly more at night than the day to avoid predation.
Mantids use specialized front legs to capture prey.
Mantids vary from light green to dark brown in color.
Most mantids are active during the day, but some are active at night, catching moths.
Most mantids are ambush predators , waiting for prey to stray too near .
Most mantids are ambush predators, waiting for prey to stray too near.
Most mantids are bright green or brown in coloration.
Most mantids are from tropical countries although a few do occur in cooler climates.
Most mantids are pea green or brown.
Most mantids are sub-tropical or tropical.
Most mantids eat insects.
Most mantids live in tropical or warm climates.
Most mantids live in warm climates.
Mantis babies are wingless, but otherwise resemble the adults.
More mantis shrimp are spearers than are smashers.
Some mantis shrimp has claws.
Some mantis shrimp has powerful claws.
Some mantis shrimp knock prey out with powerful punches, and can crack a clam open.
A mantis is an insect
Mantis isa insect.
Mantises adapt to environments.
Mantises are among the few insects that can swivel their heads.
Mantises are carnivores.
Mantises are famous in many cultures.
Mantises are insects.
Mantises belong to genus.
Mantises consume mantises.
Mantises eat bugs.
Mantises eat grasshoppers.
Mantises eat insects.
Mantises eat pests.
Mantises eat poisonous bugs.
Mantises extend arms.
Mantises feed on bugs.
Mantises feed on insects.
Mantises feed on other insects.
Mantises feed on other such insects.
Mantises fold front legs.
Mantises fold legs.
Mantises have (part) air sacs.
Mantises have (part) brains.
Mantises have (part) carapaces.
Mantises have (part) cell membranes.
Mantises have (part) cells.
Mantises have (part) corpi.
Mantises have (part) cytoplasm.
Mantises have (part) ears.
Mantises have (part) faces.
Mantises have (part) flight feathers.
Mantises have (part) heads.
Mantises have (part) nuclei.
Mantises have (part) plasma membranes.
Mantises have (part) quill feathers.
Mantises have (part) sections.
Mantises have (part) shells.
Mantises have (part) skulls.
Mantises have (part) thoraxes.
Mantises have (part) vacuoles.
Mantises have compound eyes.
Mantises have excellent eyesights.
Mantises have eyes.
Mantises have eyesights.
Mantises have habits.
Mantises have heads.
Mantises have legs.
Mantises have ranges.
Mantises have tendencies.
Mantises have triangular heads.
Mantises have wings.
Mantises live in regions.
Mantises live in tropical regions.
Mantises use their sharp spines only for killing prey animals.
Many mantises can even perceive ultrasound.
Most mantises adapt to environments.
Most mantises belong to genus.
Most mantises eat bugs.
Most mantises eat grasshoppers.
Most mantises eat insects.
Most mantises eat pests.
Most mantises eat poisonous bugs.
Most mantises extend arms.
Most mantises feed on bugs.
Most mantises feed on insects.
Most mantises feed on other insects.
Most mantises feed on other such insects.
Most mantises fold front legs.
Most mantises have compound eyes.
Most mantises have excellent eyesights.
Most mantises have eyes.
Most mantises have eyesights.
Most mantises have habits.
Most mantises have heads.
Most mantises have legs.
Most mantises have ranges.
Most mantises have tendencies.
Most mantises have triangular heads.
Most mantises have wings.
Most mantises live in regions.
Most mantises live in tropical regions.
Some mantises belong to families.
Some mantises eat bees.
Some mantises eat butterflies.
Some mantises eat dragonflies.
Some mantises have an extremely elaborate colouring camouflage rivalling that of any animal.
Some mantises have behavior.
Some mantises have big appetite.
Some mantises have cases.
Some mantises have distinct body regions.
Some mantises have distinct regions.
Some mantises have regions.
Some mantises have spikes.
Some mantises live for weeks.
Some mantises produce pheromone.
Some mantises shed skin.
A mantispid is an insect
Mantispids are widely distributed, hut are commoner in southern regions.
Mantispids superficially resemble preying mantids because they have raptorial front legs.
Some mantle cavities aid in respiration.
Some mantle cavities form grooves.
Some mantle cavities have areas.
Some mantle cavities have large areas.
Some mantle cavities have large surface areas.
Some mantle cavities have surface areas.
Mantle cells stick to such a particle and are trapped within the mantle tissue.
Mantle convection begins.
Mantle howler monkeys have diets.
Some mantle margins have functions.
Some mantle margins have sensory functions.
Mantle muscles perform functions.
Mantle plumes are areas of hot, upwelling mantle.
A mantle is a symbol
Mantle isa symbol.
Mantle plumes and episodic crustal growth.
Mantle plumes control magnetic reversal frequency.
Mantle talks about life before stroke, the actual experience, and the uphill recovery from stroke.
Mantles are albums.
Mantles are black and rims are bright white.
Mantles are epidermises.
Mantles are important.
Mantles are layers.
Mantles are part of lithospheres.
Mantles are shelfs.
Mantles are symbols.
Mantles Identify the construction of different mantle styles.
Mantles lean against the walls all kinds and varieties looking stranded and forlorn.
All mantles come unfinished and pre-sanded.
A mantlepiece is a shelf
Mantlepiece gets a nice little in and out on the last wave.
Mantra meditation is a method that can help athletes who have high levels of mental anxiety.
Mantra meditation is a very easy to learn and effective relaxation technique.
Mantra meditation is very similar to the American Indian dance meditation.
Mantra recitation is to purify the speech.
Mantra therapies are no substitute for conventional, traditional or ancient forms of medical care.
Mantra yoga focuses on chanting and can be a very spiritual practice.
Mantra yoga uses the concentrated repetition of a word or phrase to aid in the control of the mind.
A mantra is a sacred writing
Mantras are and can be used in spiritual journey to get to a point from where the jump can happen.
Mantras are different in that they have different meanings and create different vibrations.
Mantras are energy-based sounds and are tools of power.
Mantras are essential parts of all samskaras.
Mantras are meaningless sounds.
Mantras are mottos.
Mantras are of all different varieties.
Mantras are sounds or groupings of sounds with a pre-determined vibratory effect.
Mantras are sounds which take our awareness to quieter, more subtle levels.
Mantras are very powerful healing aids.
Mantras are words.
Mantras contain powers and deep philosophical meaning.
Mantras express simple phrases of prayer in repetitive patterns.
Mantras take three forms.
Mantras work in meditation.
Any mantra is fine.
Every mantra has an originator, which is a rishi .
Some mantras have meanings .
Some mantras have meanings.
A mantrap is a woman
Mantraps provide physical access security with centralized control and oversight.
Manual acupuncture reduces hyperemesis gravidarum.
Manual adjustment is available.
Manual adjustment is made by either moving process batches or due dates.
Manual advance works on all platforms.
Manual aerators are well suited for small to mid-sized lawns.
Manual alignment is done by positioning pairs of markers.
Some manual alignment is necessary for spots with low intensity values.
Manual alterations are possible at any time.
Manual analysis involves some basic mathematic operations which are explained below.
Manual analysis is a possibility.
Manual armor is set by changing each location to have the desired number of armor points.
Manual assignment can take weeks or months to complete depending on the size of the protein.
Manual assistance ensures everyone participates.
All manual backups go to a separate directory from the Automatic backups.
Manual bindings are sturdier.
Manual bookkeeping is more difficult than computerized bookkeeping and is less efficient.
Manual brake stops sanding disc in seconds.
Manual calculations are just as important and extremely wide ranging.
Manual calculations can cause problems.
Manual camera is required.
Manual categorization faces the scalability problem.
Manual chairs come in various sizes, shapes, weights, and colors.
Most manual chairs are collapsible and therefore fit into most vehicles.
Every manual change made to the computer solution automatically recalculates line efficiency.
Manual charge is more susceptible to human error.
Manual checks are available on an emergency basis.
Manual checks are for emergency use only.
Manual choke Provides quick, cold engine temperature starts.
Manual circulation continues.
Manual classification is thus a non-starter.
Manual cleanup includes collection with pompoms and spill pads.
Manual clerks comprises one section.
Every manual comment produces part of the manual page.
Manual communication involves signs and fingerspelling.
Manual configuration can be cumbersome, but it is necessary to fall back on.
Manual configuration give no easy way of doing so.
Manual configuration is a drudgery.
Some manual configuration is required for more advanced features and scenarios.
Manual control allows instantaneous control of all functions.
Manual control allows the pet owner to manually open, close and lock the door.
Manual control can be effective on new infestations which are small in size.
Manual control can result in overpurification or loss of valuable product.
Manual control is activated until the quit button is pressed.
Manual control is also possible via front panel keys.
Manual control is effective if in limited acreage or plant numbers.
Manual control is the best solution.
Manual control is unrealistic.
Manual controls allow a person to zoom in on the television.
Manual controls allow each element to be tuned for maximum life.
Manual controls are standard on most models.
Manual copying is a laborious and monotonous process that can lead to dropped letters or lines.
Manual correction can be laborious and calculation errors can occur.
Manual correction is often impossible.
Manual correction is possible on the densitometric curves or directly on the zoomed gel image.
Manual correlation agrees well with optimization using cross correlation.
Manual counts are fairly simple to undertake.
Manual counts resume in the morning.
Manual cranks are standard, but more sophisticated units are electrically powered.
Manual cranks raise and lower upper body and knees as well as bed height.
Manual cycles are necessary for plate zapping.
Manual dampers reduce air flow through the stove by mechanically blocking the flue.
Manual deployment requires too many resources and is error-prone.
Manual desensitization is another means of quieting the pain and superficial skin hypersensitivity.
Manual dexterity is a great advantage in undertaking cardiac catheterisation procedures.
Manual dexterity is also important when performing tests.
Manual dexterity is also important.
Manual dexterity is developed using microcomputers and machine driven exercises.
Manual dexterity is essential for the range of treatments performed by podiatrists.
Manual dexterity is essential in order to count, insert, paste, and fold.
Manual dexterity is essential, and the ability to move and lift audiovisual equipment is required.
Manual dexterity is essential.
Manual dexterity is needed also.
Manual dexterity is needed in handling equipment, reagents and samples.
Manual dexterity is needed to operate automated postage meters and sorting mail.
Manual dexterity is needed to operate equipment and use tools.
Manual dexterity is needed to operate postage meters and sort mail.
Manual dexterity is needed to operate reprographic equipment.
Manual dexterity is needed to operate security devices and radio equipment.
Manual dexterity is required for grafting, budding and potting.
Manual dexterity is required in handling fragile documents.
Manual dexterity is required in the operation of automated postage meters and sorting mail.
Manual dexterity is required to separate, handle, and perform treatments on paper records.
Manual dexterity is skillfulness
Manual dexterity is stressed and exercised with a varied program of skills and media.
Manual disc brakes work fine.
Manual disconnect switches.
Manual docking can be slower than desired, and in some cases precious fuel can be wasted.
Manual doors enter into the arena lobby.
Manual drain valves.
Manual drawing is too slow.
Manual dumbwaiters are operated by pulling on a hand rope to lift or lower the car.
Manual effort is replaced by direct access to information.
Manual effort is required in addition to simulation.
Manual efforts produce the opposite.
Manual elevation allows alignment at any chosen position.
Manual elevator takes figures up to any of the four floors.
Manual entries placed in a routing table are examples of static routing.
Manual entry is also possible.
Most manual estimates are greater than or equal to automatic estimates.
Manual examination is the standard in the diagnostics of sacroiliac joint conditions at present.
Manual exposure gives the photographer complete control over shutter speeds and apertures.
Manual exposure places the user in complete control of both shutter speed and aperture settings.
Manual expression can result in iatrogenic hematuria.
Manual expression is the most natural and affordable way to do so.
Manual files exist for most standard utilities and can be read using the man command.
Manual files exist to maintain hard copy documentation.
Manual focus allows free control of the focus to any selected value.
Manual focus can be an advantage - although it is another thing to think about.
Manual focus is also useful for pan foucus images.
Manual focus is available by moving a switch on the lens.
Manual focus is good to use when there is a lot of movement of dominant figures.
Manual focus is only possible with camera power on and camera activated.
Manual focus is very nice, with a convenient focus throw and nicely dampened feel.
Manual focus takes some getting used to.
Manual foot pump backup.
Manual gain adjust with front panel control.
Manual gearboxes are preferable to automatics .
Manual graduates attend all the major Kentucky colleges, many in honors programs.
Manual half stop settings.
Manual heads are the most common and usually have double-action piston pumps.
Manual healing refers to the use of touch and manipulation with the hands.
Manual hedge clippers, and ones powered by gasoline or electricity, are available.
Manual holders are responsible for expeditiously inserting revisions upon receipt.
Manual input is used when no machine readable badges are available.
Manual inspection is an inefficient, and often ineffective, method of industrial quality control.
Manual inspection is the only answer.
Manual inspection is unreliable and tedious.
Manual installation is required.
Manual interpretation is, however, time-consuming, labourious and, hence, expensive.
Manual intervention is required only when there are new products to be monitored.
Manual intervention is required to correct the date.
Manual intervention is required.
Manual keys are ebony with bone-covered accidentals and stop knobs are rosewood.
Manual labor is just one of many contributions from members through the decades.
Manual labor is labor
Manual labor is labor.
Manual labor is more dignified here than in other colonies.
Manual labor is the most significant factor increasing body exposure.
More manual labor is accomplished through automation and foreign subcontractors.
Manual labour can result in quality variance.
Manual labour is labor
Manual labour is the original and current practise.
Manual loading is time consuming and a bit tricky, but worth it.
Manual machinery is excluded, except for lifting equipment.
Manual maintenance includes sweeping and vacuuming the pool with special tools.
Manual measurements allow manual test parameter selection and manual spectrum analysis.
Manual measurements are too time consuming to provide more than a few readings per tube.
Manual medicine is a cornerstone of osteopathic treatment.
Manual methods are also useful for spot-weeding plants that survive from other control methods.
Manual methods are useful for patients with motility problems such as with spina bifida.
Manual methods refer to tree pruning.
Manual mode displays only the camera settings initially.
Manual mode operates using the mouse.
Manuals of style show how to write papers and how to cite sources.
Manual ones are cumbersome and invite erroneous readings.
Manual operation enables quick sampling or convenient system purging.
Manual operation is also available.
Manual operation is always active allowing hands on adjustments during the show.
Manual operation is for maintenance and emergency purposes only.
Manual operation is possible in the event of a system failure.
Manual operation is set at the top of the scale.
Manual operation results in quiet and quick forcible entry on a variety of doors.
Manual operations are inefficient, costly and time-consuming.
Manual operations offer fast turnaround on low-production parts.
Manual override allows employees to temporarily overrule the schedule without reprogramming.
Manual override allows the user to lock onto a specific range of interest.
Manual override allows unpowered positioning.
Manual override is possible.
Manual override using the digipot control is smooth and precise.
Manual overrides allow tailored calculated results for specific tax situations.
Manual page is here .
Manual page is rewritten.
Manual pages are available on line with information on how to use ssh.
Manual pages are available online for each of the editors listed above.
Manual pages are available online for virtually every system command.
Manual pages are now available online for each program .
Manual pages are references files which come with the operating system.
Manual pages are sometimes quite cryptic and difficult to understand.
Manual pages are water-warped.
Manual pages can be hard to read.
Manual pages can sometimes be hard to read.
All manual pages start on an odd page.
Most manual pages have pictures as well as text that explain each button and option.
Manual paperwork begins.
Manual pollination is time consuming and difficult to manage.
All manual positions require previous experience with lathes, drills and mills .
Manual power means no sparks due to ignition found in gasoline and electric winches.
Manual processes are to dependent on paper and are labor intensive.
Manual processes are too dependent on paper and are labour intensive.
Manual processing has excessive errors in verification of received goods.
Manual processing is necessary given that the quality of the surface image can be quite variable.
Manual processing is reduced or eliminated, speeding up the processing of the form considerably.
Manual protection includes using condoms.
Manual pump is mounted in the cockpit at the helmsman position.
Manual pumps are best for moms who pump only occasionally.
Manual pumps are usually harder for most women to use.
Manual pumps conserve deep-lying water.
Manual rangers are more versatile and can be safer for use in the field than autorangers.
Manual recordings stop at the end of the recording period.
Manual recordings stop at the end of the show or recording period, whichever comes first.
Manual recounts are open to the public.
Manual recounts make sense only if there are standards for judging.
Manual regulation is possible with the use of infrared remotes or keypads.
Manual removal can result in excessive trauma to the corneal endothelium or an uneven scleral rim.
Manual removal Find and delete the following files.
Manual removal works well for small populations.
Manual review is required to ensure image quality is acceptable.
Manual safeguards are in place to prevent damage from potential lightning strikes.
Manual scans can now handle as many volumes as the file server supports.
Manual search is a time-consuming and expensive option.
Manual searches are time consuming, but because most research.
Manual searches seem to be entirely abandoned.
Manual seats adjust into several positions, and are firm, supportive and sporty.
Manual selection is also possible.
Manual selection provides automatic transfer from a dry to liquid or a liquid to dry system.
Manual series takes into consideration the enormous changes in the arena of healthcare.
Manual setting is possible.
Manual site listings extra.
Manual solutions are difficult and time-consuming.
Manual spelling takes time.
Manual statements are a thing of the past.
Manual stencils are labor intensive and lack bar code capability.
Manual stimulation is done by the therapist gently rotating the needle.
Manual students participate in many science and math competitions.
Manual submission has certain advantages over automated submission.
Manual submission is more reliable than automated submission.
Manual submission is much better than automatic.
Manual submission is time consuming but definitely worth it.
Manual submissions are submissions that are done manually with the help of a human operator.
Manual submissions take a lot of time but it can be time well spent.
Manual surveys are very costly, cumbersome and time consuming.
Manual synchronization is available on demand.
All manual syringes come with rubber stoppers.
Manual system comes with three sets of rollers.
Manual system contains errors.
Manual system Put the envelope into the mail.
Manual systems require daily readings of thermometers and rain gauges at the same time each day.
Manual technique is too tedious to be used in clinical trials.
Manual techniques are for small batches.
Manual techniques are the most effective for releasing tight muscles and other soft tissues.
Manual techniques assume special significance in the construction of palindromes.
Manual temperature controls.
Manual test cases record actual results.
Manual test cases record results.
Manual testing can be free of structure and control.
Manual therapists recognize that total body x-rays are dangerous for children.
Manual therapists use the techniques described below to evaluate and treat musculoskeletal injuries.
Manual therapy involves restoring a greater range of motion to the joints of the human body.
Manual thinning removes vulnerable trees in the forests to create a more healthy forest ecosystem.
Manual time runs while push button is pressed, stops when released.
Manual training is ordered in all primary schools of Boston.
Manual transactions are things like cheques and depositing money over the counter.
Manual transmission is no treat in traffic, and it's hard to modulate smooth shifts on twisty roads.
Manual transmission models only.
Manual transmissions are as old as cars.
Manual transmissions are transmissions.
Manual transmissions are usually more efficient than automatic transmissions.
Manual transmissions can become sluggish and rough to shift from gear to gear.
Manual transmissions can go a little further between services.
Manual traversal is both time-consuming and boring.
Manual tune allows the clinician control of the frequency as well as amplitude of the tip vibration.
Manual tunnels ensure interoperability with a large number of hosts.
Manual typewriters are still indispensable.
Manual units range from petcock to a ball, gate or globe valve.
Manual updates are available at per hour charge.
Manual updates are nearly impossible because manufacturers change their product lines daily.
Manual updates are time consuming and introduce a far greater possibility of errors.
Manual valves require very little discussion.
Manual valves simplify material shut-off without relieving chemical or hydraulic pressure.
All manual valves are available with or without handles.
All manual valves are brass or bronze ball valves, which provide low loss characteristics.
Manual vent allows air bleeding or site for injection.
Manual verification is possible if the doit action is changed to mail .
Manual welders control all aspects of a welding assignment.
Manual wheelchairs are also available at the Rotunda area of the parking structure.
Manual wheelchairs are also available for rental.
Manual wheelchairs are also available.
Manual work is minimized.
Manual writing is an activity that many professions require.
A manual is a reference
Manual isa book.
Manuals accompany the videos and each video is based on work in an individual country.
Manuals also are available in Spanish.
Manuals andon-line help are available.
Manuals are a very important part of a software package.
Manuals are also available at both locations.
Manuals are also available for check-out for most 'standard' and 'multimedia' applications.
Manuals are also available for reference.
Manuals are also available in .pdf format from the technical support pages .
Manuals are also available in online HTML format.
Manuals are also available in tarred and gzipped versions.
Manuals are also available on researching and proposal writing.
Manuals are also available on-line as .PDF files.
Manuals are also available there.
Manuals are also available through purchase from the vendor.
Manuals are also available.
Manuals are an important part of any software package.
Manuals are another world.
Manuals are arguably the single most stressful items related to computers.
Manuals are available at an additional cost.
Manuals are available at the commencement of each semester.
Manuals are available both in print and in online formats.
Manuals are available downtown in the documentation room.
Manuals are available during regular shopping hours.
Manuals are available for check out for one week.
Manuals are available for checkout at the lab assistant's desk.
Manuals are available for checkout through the consultants.
Manuals are available for in-library use for all programs installed on the computer.
Manuals are available for livestock, pets and poultry .
Manuals are available for livestock, pets and poultry.
Manuals are available for most disciplines.
Manuals are available for most of the operating systems in use on campus.
Manuals are available for most programs and can be downloaded for replication at other sites.
Manuals are available for reference.
Manuals are available for sale also, and can be very helpful.
Manuals are available for software programs on the workstations.
Manuals are available for some software in the Lab.
Manuals are available for student loan from the store.
Manuals are available for study at the test locations before taking the test.
Manuals are available for the plant.
Manuals are available from cooperative extension offices.
Manuals are available from the vendor.
Manuals are available in alternative formats.
Manuals are available in each level, or as a composite manual which includes all four levels.
Manuals are available in html and pdf formats.
Manuals are available in pdf format .
Manuals are available in printed, CD ROM or online versions.
Manuals are available in the lab.
Manuals are available in the university bookstore.
Manuals are available on a daily basis.
Manuals are available on the small bookshelf next to the computers.
Manuals are available online via the craydoc facility on meeker.ucar.edu.
Manuals are available on-line.
Manuals are available to be viewed on-line or to be downloaded for printing in a variety of formats.
Manuals are available to the public for a nominal fee.
Manuals are available upon request.
Manuals are available, ask at the department computer lab.
Manuals are available.
Manuals are complete and are being distributed.
Manuals are extra.
Manuals are for use in the lab and are notto be taken out.
Manuals are good for advanced things.
Manuals are handbooks.
Manuals are highly recommended reading.
Manuals are in .pdf format.
Manuals are in print and on cassette tape.
Manuals are now available.
Manuals are optional for all products.
Manuals are readily available from book shops or from the suppliers.
Manuals are reference work.
Manuals are searchable by keyword or subject index.
Manuals are sometimes helpful.
Manuals are subject to prior sale.
Manuals are subject to recall at any time deemed necessary for purposes of updating.
Manuals are supplied free of charge.
Manuals are to be consulted for an exhaustive equipment and command reference.
Manuals are to be readily available to individuals working in shops, laboratories, and offices.
Manuals are to be returned on the shelf immediately after use.
Manuals are too time consuming, and following someone else's rules interferes with individual style.
Manuals are unclear at times.
Manuals are useful, but they have a common flaw.
Manuals are usually in stock at the factory or available on short delivery.
Manuals are usually more effective for reference than for learning.
Manuals can be a little difficult, and specials are sometimes tricky.
Manuals can be wrong.
Manuals can displace the Bible and become the primary text.
Manuals can foster legalism.
Manuals can illustrate and expand the player's gaming experience.
Manuals contain no logic.
Manuals contain one or more pages.
Manuals contain pictures.
Manuals cover U.S., Canadian and foreign companies listed on the U.S. stock exchanges.
Manuals covering other waterbody types are in preparation.
Manuals demonstrate the basic operations.
Manuals describing each component are available at cost.
Manuals disappear the day after the device is installed.
Manuals expand to fill all the allocated shelf room.
Manuals explain usage.
Manuals form part of a structured course.
Manuals give an inventory of all parts and software.
Manuals give answers.
Manuals have (part) artwork.
Manuals have (part) cartoons.
Manuals have (part) chapters.
Manuals have (part) items.
Manuals have (part) page numbers.
Manuals have (part) paragraphs.
Manuals have (part) sections.
Manuals have (part) word order.
Manuals have information.
Manuals have obsolete support numbers.
Manuals have the effect of making the outrageous seem commonplace.
Manuals have weekly updates.
Manuals include information.
Manuals include lists.
Manuals make treatment overly complicated.
Manuals provide evidence.
Manuals provide guidance.
Manuals provide information.
Manuals provide instructions in how to perform a task.
Manuals provide location for all vehicle makes.
Manuals provide references.
Manuals relating to the use of the workstations and software are available in the laboratory.
Manuals remain in effect until superseded.
Manuals Replace a lost manual or buy a second one for reference at home or at the office.
Manuals require payment.
Manuals Welcome to the sunn FREE manual download area.
Manuals usually contain procedures for experimental analysis.
All manuals are also available electronically in the on-line Help menus.
All manuals are available on-line.
All manuals are free and easily downloadable.
All manuals are fully editable and designed for tutor-led training.
All manuals are in English.
All manuals are in excellant condition.
All manuals are in loose-leaf format accompanied by the entire contents on disc.
All manuals are in PDF format and organized by product functionality.
All manuals are out of date the instant they are published.
All manuals are password protected.
All manuals are photocopies.
All manuals are plus shipping and handling.
All manuals are subject to change without notice.
All manuals exclude postage and packing.
Every manual also contains schematic, testing and use of the assembled kit.
Every manual is based on a teardown and rebuild of the specific vehicle.
Many manuals also contain music to accompany the dances.
Many manuals also discuss request for payment vouchers and repair and service of equipment.
Many manuals are available online.
Many manuals are too technical for the casual user.
More manuals are in development.
More Manuals click here.
Most manuals are avaliable from a variety of sources, including the internet.
Most manuals are part of a multi-volume set categorized by industry.
Most manuals contain pictures.
Most manuals explain usage.
Most manuals give answers.
Most manuals have information.
Most manuals have trouble-shooting appendices as well as specific operational information.
Most manuals indicate which pin is the positive voltage pin and mark or indicate it.
Most manuals offer five forward speeds with overdrive for improved fuel economy.
Most manuals online are just plain ol' text.
Most manuals provide a brief bio.
Most manuals provide evidence.
Most manuals provide guidance.
Most manuals provide information.
Most manuals provide references.
Most manuals say to close any air vents after purging fumes to prevent reigniting any fire.
Some manuals also contain footings.
Some manuals are also available for download .
Some manuals are available for sale.
Some manuals are available online.
Some manuals are better than others.
Some Manuals are large in file size and take time to load.
Some manuals are only available from the manufacturer.
Some manuals are only available from the manufacturers site.
Some manuals cover biology.
Some manuals cover ecology biology.
Some manuals have slight defects.
Some manuals have wiring diagrams as well.
Some manuals offer advice.
Some manuals recommend adding sealer to the thermostat gasket for the best seal.
Some manuals summarize laboratory methods.
Some manuals summarize methods.
Some manuals tell players how to summon demons and indulge in astral projection.
Some manuals use pounds per acre when referring to seeding rates.
Manufacture companies use water.
Most manufacture companies use water.
Some manufacture companies are found by fathers.
Some manufacture companies employ women.
Manufacture firms use computers.
Manufacture industries employ electrical engineers.
Manufacture industries employ engineers.
Manufacture includes the complete production cycle from the design to the finishing and packaging.
Manufacture is a word which has the same roots.
Manufacture is developed with partner companies.
Manufacture is outsourced.
Manufacture is simple.
Manufacture is to be moved overseas, perhaps to Ireland or the Czech Republic.
Manufacture is transformation the fashioning of raw materials into a change of form for use.
Manufacture produces no environmentally toxic by-products.
Manufacture refers to articles which are made, and includes all manufactured articles.
Manufacture takes place on the mainland using components sourced from Japan.
Manufacture takes place using recyclable materials and an energy saving production method.
Manufactures airflow sensors and precision temperature sensors for the medical electronics industry.
Manufactures are limited to basic consumer items and processed cocoa and timber.
MAnufactures are unable to deliver data for such use.
Manufactures block making equipment.
Manufactures brass hose fittings, quick release couplings, diesel fuel injection replacement parts.
Manufactures can change rebate amounts without notice.
Manufactures carnitine from lysine and other nutrients.
Manufactures coil springs, leaf springs, mud flap holders and brackets.
Manufactures complex five axis frames, bulkheads, spars and chords for aircraft.
Manufactures complex five axis frames, bulkheads, spars and chords.
Manufactures derive viewable area numbers by measuring diagonally from corner to corner.
Manufactures desolder, solder, and circuit-board rework systems.
Manufactures die sublimation and thermal transfer products and proofers.
Manufactures electrically conductive and lubricating coatings, inks, and dispersions.
Manufactures electrophoresis equipment and scientific instruments.
Manufactures enclosures and accessories for the telecommunications industry.
Manufactures exibits, displays and draperies.
Manufactures feel more comfortable guaranteeing their products when they are installed over plywood.
Manufactures fuses, fuse holders, and voltage selectors and switches.
Manufactures gears and splines.
Manufactures gel and hardened gel candles in a variety of designs, Taiwan.
Manufactures generate large sums of waste, some of it hazardous.
Manufactures hardware to convert computer video signals to standard video signals.
Manufactures heat the juice at low temperatures to produce a powder and a gel.
Manufactures hemoglobin in the red blood cells.
Manufactures inks, adhesives, tapes, and labels.
Manufactures keep an edge by treating sizings as proprietary and keeping their compositions secret.
Manufactures landscape timbers and landscape bollards.
Manufactures locomotives for various uses.
Manufactures lumacurve taxiway and runway signs.
Manufactures make a wide selection of types, shapes, sizes, and colors.
Manufactures own brand products including note books, writing pads, short hand pads, and pencils.
Manufactures own lines and private logo items.
Manufactures paints and chemicals.
Manufactures paints, coatings and polymers for domestic and international markets.
Manufactures pinch valves for shut off and control requirements in slurry and powder processing.
Manufactures pipe hangers and supports.
Manufactures polycarbonate glazings.
Manufactures polycarbonate laser protective eyewear in spectacles, fitovers and goggles.
Manufactures precision fine wire in virtually any alloy.
Manufactures provide maintenance and use information in the owner's manual.
Manufactures publish viewable screen size, which is slightly smaller than the CRT size.
Manufactures range of equipment for surface cleaning and finishing of metal components.
Manufactures range of filter presses for solid-liquid separation.
Manufactures range of metalcutting bandsaw machines for the industrial market.
Manufactures range of rotary injection moulding machines for footware industry.
Manufactures range of special purpose circular knives and machine cutting blades.
Manufactures range of vibrators for variety of bulk materials.
Manufactures repair parts and performs custom repairs for industrial equipment.
Manufactures review sketches, construction methodology and the finishing of cabinet woods.
Manufactures servo voltage stabilizers.
Manufactures singlemode and multimode optical fiber.
Manufactures sound enclosure for drums.
Manufactures sparks when none are naturally forthcoming.
Manufactures surface preparation and abrasive blasting equipment.
Manufactures surface treatment equipment.
Manufactures toroidal transformers and chokes for the American industry, including medical OEMs.
Manufactures ultrasonic nondestructive test equipment and transducers.
Manufactures use calculus formulas when determining maximum volume.
Manufactures use different parts of the plant to make marijuana than they do to make hemp.
Manufactures use food additives generally recognized as safe.
Manufactures use steel, aluminum polycarbonate or Xenoy resin for the deck material.
Manufactures use synthetic resins to make many types of products.
Manufactures use their own type indictors as prefixes grouped as follows.
Manufactures often give a simple linear curve, similar to the one below.
Manufactures often provide time and frequency domain plots for each transducer.
Manufactures often specify the impedance ratio at two temperatures.
All manufactures have to have a supply of raw material to produce their products.
All manufactures have warranty information available at their web sites.
All manufactures provide a warranty for the equipment they sell.
All manufactures recommend retiring a rope after one long fall.
Every manufacture has a measurement chart to use as a guideline when determining the correct size.
Every manufacture lists installation methods with the equipment.
Many manufactures even add a life-time warranty one there vises.
Many manufactures finish splits to look like top grain leathers in order to offer a lower price.
Many manufactures offer a variety of model categories.
Many manufactures offer attractive rebate program as a marketing tool.
Many manufactures specialize in only rubber.
Many manufactures use a light coat of clear on the shaft which retards dirt build-up.
Many manufactures use mill finish on grilles and one uses grey paint as the standard finish.
Many manufactures use the terms ferrite and ceramic interchangeably.
Most manufactures focus on function only.
Most manufactures have a factory direct warranty.
Most manufactures have further discounts available for larger quantity orders.
Most manufactures offer a multitude of colors that are readily available.
Most manufactures offer several displays.
Most manufactures prefer to deal with the consumers directly on warranty issue.
Most manufactures provide a pressure tap on the manifold or the gas pressure regulator.
Most manufactures provide free classes.
Most manufactures supply the software for their modems.
Some manufactures actually manage C card institutes and schools.
Some manufactures are now named something else or out of business, so it can be difficult.
Some manufactures do have routines they label as a low level formatter.
Some manufactures have many tints available.
Some manufactures now print the amounts of cholesterol, fatty acid, and potassium on their labels.
Some manufactures permanently mount all tips in the handpieces.
Some manufactures recommend a one week interval between the worm and fluke treatment.
Some manufactures recommend moistening their food.
Some manufactures require attendance in credit courses for eligibility.
Some manufactures use a screw on connector that slips over the twisted end of the element.
Manufactured buildings means a manufactured home, mobile home or factory built building.
Manufactured cages are also available at garden centers.
Manufactured equipment is easier to transport, move and assemble.
Manufactured events stink.
Manufactured experiences are the rage.
Manufactured exports are thus limited to agricultural based products.
Manufactured exports are yet to figure significantly in our trade exchanges.
Manufactured foods inhibit proper digestion.
Manufactured gas is produced from petroleum.
Manufactured gas is replaced by natural gas, which begins arriving in pipelines from Louisiana.
A manufactured home is a housing
Manufactured homes are a very affordable way to purchase a new home.
Manufactured homes are an important source of affordable housing.
Manufactured homes are equal to or exceed current standards for conventional homes.
Manufactured homes are less safe in hurricane winds than other forms of housing.
Manufactured homes are more economical.
Manufactured homes are no more prone to fire than homes built on-site.
Manufactured homes are now more stable and weather-resistant too.
Manufactured homes are one of the fastest-growing segments of America's housing market.
Manufactured homes are particularly vulnerable to the destructive force of tornados.
Manufactured homes are simply that, homes constructed in a manufacturing facility.
Manufactured homes are the only form of housing built to a rigid federal building code.
Manufactured homes are the only housing in America built to a national building code.
Manufactured homes are the only type of housing built to a federal standard.
Manufactured homes are very energy efficient.
Manufactured homes are very vulnerable in a tornado.
Manufactured homes are welcome.
Manufactured homes can be a great alternative for first-time homebuyers.
Manufactured homes enjoy many advantages over the site built home.
Manufactured homes have many options and features for a variety of floor plans.
Manufactured homes have special rules.
Manufactured homes look like and are financed just like conventional homes.
Manufactured homes offer a great value and are economical at the purchase point.
Manufactured homes offer a wide variety of styles and prices.
Manufactured homes provide little to no protection during severe tornadoes.
Manufactured homes tend to be more common in the southeast, in the midwest and in the northwest.
Manufactured homes welcome with restrictions.
Manufactured homes welcome.
Most manufactured homes have a utility room for storage built adjacent to the home.
Manufactured ice is an obstruction .
Manufactured ice is an obstruction.
Manufactured items are never exactly alike.
Manufactured materials are commercial texts.
Manufactured medicines are often only available in tablets or capsules.
Manufactured nostalgia is an entirely different beast, though.
Manufactured product is shipped as it is produced.
Manufactured products are also likely to increase as new export markets for furniture expand.
Manufactured runs are big weapons in close games.
Manufactured spreaders are available from garden centers and mailorder companies.
Manufactured structures vary in design.
Manufactured substances are a direct result of electric production process.
Manufactured tobacco includes cigarettes and other products ready to sell.
Manufactured units are available that make turning the pile and aerating it quick and easy.
A manufacturer is business
Manufacturer agrees to pay a certain amount of retailers media.
Manufacturer can require all dealers to be responsible for their own sales.
Manufacturer can separate service entirely from dealer or distribution system.
Manufacturer claims no toxic materials used in their product.
Manufacturer claims that the product is nontoxic and recyclable.
Manufacturer couponing is a prime example of a marketing program which has a delayed impact.
Manufacturer defect testing .
Manufacturer denies that the saw is unreasonably dangerous.
Manufacturer disclaims all responsibility for losses.
Manufacturer does post code.
Manufacturer donates part of their profits to environmental causes.
Manufacturer indicates a lifetime warranty against rust.
Manufacturer inquires welcome.
Manufacturer is a version aimed at manufacturing companies.
Manufacturer is bleem, inc.
Manufacturer is corrupt Hello there , reader.
Manufacturer is great with support and everything.
Manufacturer is in Switzerland.
Manufacturer is trapped in a time warp.
Manufacturer is unknown.
Manufacturer is welcome to offer.
Manufacturer isa business.
Manufacturer lets purchasing agents post bid proposals from desktops.
Manufacturer maintains an independent distribution network.
Manufacturer makes no application claims.
Manufacturer means the original equipment manufacturer or their distributor or their agent.
Manufacturer offers a money back guarantee.
Manufacturer offers Educational pricing to educational institutions.
Manufacturer provides toll-free customer service.
Manufacturer rebate coupons by wholesalers, regulation of.
Manufacturer recommends monitoring kidneys and liver if used longer than one month.
Manufacturer recommends uncompressed hard drive.
Manufacturer records only.
Manufacturer recycles all scraps into the process.
Manufacturer reserves the right to cancel or approve all orders.
Manufacturer reserves the right to change product specifications without notice.
Manufacturer reserves the right to change specifications or options without notice or obligation.
Manufacturer reserves the right to substitute item of equal value.
Manufacturer states that a blow dryer maybe be used to dry the soaked fabric.
Manufacturer strongly suggest that treatments be made prior or after the birds nesting cycle.
Manufacturer submit to accredited laboratory technical documentation and samples of products.
Manufacturer warrants material and workmanship for two years.
Manufacturer warrants the product for twelve months from the date of purchase.
Manufacturers account for two-thirds of all outsourcing.
Manufacturers achieve compliance.
Manufacturers achieve high efficiencies in various ways.
Manufacturers acknowledge that 'expertise varies widely among the doctors they sell to.
Manufacturers actually pay their customers to take such a program.
Manufacturers actually support meltdowns because they know it bolsters their bottom line.
Manufacturers add a food source to both liquid and dry products.
Manufacturers add caffeine to other products, including muffins, candies and yogurts.
Manufacturers add preservatives to delay fat oxidation in products.
Manufacturers add their own branding, while retaining the flexibility to customize.
Manufacturers admit heat can be a problem.
Manufacturers advertise that bodysuits enhance the performance of competitive swimmers.
Manufacturers aim to create lighter, easily rigged, and more efficient sailing equipment.
Manufacturers already are able to place millions of transistors per square centimeter.
Manufacturers also adjust to inflation in the manner in which they adjust prices.
Manufacturers also benefit from easier inventory management.
Manufacturers also benefit from innovative and efficient services.
Manufacturers also benefit from the system.
Manufacturers also can post information about their products.
Manufacturers also can save credits for use or sale in future model years.
Manufacturers also have several other alternatives to selling full ZEVs under the current program.
Manufacturers also have the option of listing cholesterol, fatty acids, and potassium content.
Manufacturers also have to take location into consideration.
Manufacturers also look to the process to identify and eliminate the root causes of bottlenecks.
Manufacturers also make clothing and textiles, cigarettes, processed foods, and beverages to export.
Manufacturers also make harnesses for dogs that cover the chest area and clip to a seat belt.
Manufacturers also market their goods directly to customers in factory outlet malls.
Manufacturers also monitor the products' safety and efficacy on an ongoing basis.
Manufacturers also offer a message of caution to consumers.
Manufacturers also offer a wide range of accessories for fun and function.
Manufacturers also offer dealers various cash incentives to sell specific cars.
Manufacturers also offer more realistic wood-look laminates than they used to.
Manufacturers also offer variations on the basic compound-microscope.
Manufacturers also pay a nominal annual maintenance fee.
Manufacturers also pay for freight both ways.
Manufacturers also post new and updated hardware drivers on their Web sites.
Manufacturers also produce non-hazardous solid waste.
Manufacturers also provide nozzle arrangement setups.
Manufacturers also provide the latest kayaks and equipment to try out.
Manufacturers also score over information businesses in their export prowess.
Manufacturers also stand to benefit.
Manufacturers also take issue with the testing methods.
Manufacturers also tend to support their products better than a broker or other memory middleman.
Manufacturers also use a coating over the glass for greater energy efficiency.
Manufacturers also use algins in lipsticks, soaps, photographic film, paint, varnish, and buttons.
Manufacturers also warn that price differentials can mean a difference in quality.
Manufacturers also wish to be able to make claims about the variability of the radon detectors.
Manufacturers also work to impact consumers directly through promotions and advertising.
Manufacturers alter the chemical makeup of progesterone in order to create progestins.
Manufacturers anticipate only nominal gains in shipments.
Manufacturers apparently agree.
Manufacturers appear to be attempting to keep inventories from declining further.
Manufacturers approach service to their systems differently.
Manufacturers are able to declare ranges of products and new features.
Manufacturers are able to define various levels of defects.
Manufacturers are almost sure to agree to create an entirely new standard.
Manufacturers are also concerned because there is currently no market for recycled paint.
Manufacturers are also in the best company in the Yakima Valley.
Manufacturers are always willing to produce a product if there is a market for it.
Manufacturers are among the largest and most powerful companies in the world.
Manufacturers are among the most obvious beneficiaries of improved interstate access.
Manufacturers are business.
Manufacturers are busy making sure the devices are accommodating.
Manufacturers are busy, and retailers are doing well.
Manufacturers are committed to building fuel cell vehicles that meet or exceed safety standards.
Manufacturers are confused about the long-range objectives.
Manufacturers are contractors if engaged in on-site construction, alteration, or repair.
Manufacturers are extremely helpful.
Manufacturers are far more likely to respond to an individual than to a marketing company.
Manufacturers are finally capable of putting decent sound systems into the cars they build.
Manufacturers are free to implement additional parameters.
Manufacturers are free to re-submit movements that fail.
Manufacturers are free to start making announcements as of tomorrow.
Manufacturers are frequently surprised by how people use their products.
Manufacturers are generally quick to respond to consumers.
Manufacturers are good at branding products.
Manufacturers are good like that.
Manufacturers are happy to see that the solids content on the incoming milk receipts is increasing.
Manufacturers are hard at work devising green product technologies.
Manufacturers are here to exhibit the latest rods, gear, clothing and boats.
Manufacturers are here to lend a hand on questions regarding their products.
Manufacturers are however, concerned about the rising energy prices.
Manufacturers are interested in buyers of equipment and buyers are interested in sources of supply.
Manufacturers are interested in transportation management.
Manufacturers are liable for lack of air bags and seat belts.
Manufacturers are makers.
Manufacturers are more dominant at the state and federal levels.
Manufacturers are more likely to respond to an individual than a marketing company.
Manufacturers are more than happy to oblige, since there's an incredible amount of money to be made.
Manufacturers are more then welcome to post their product for sell in the auction as well.
Manufacturers are no different, they too are capitalists trying to maximize profit as best they can.
Manufacturers are no help.
Manufacturers are no longer dependent upon the same kinds of products.
Manufacturers are notoriously diverse when it comes to sizing.
Manufacturers are now able to use computer technology to engineer a more realistic floor.
Manufacturers are often overly conservative in specifying safe lives.
Manufacturers are only human and they sometimes get it wrong.
Manufacturers are open for outsourcing and cooperation.
Manufacturers are out in full force, and stations are visiting the booths, checkbooks in hand.
Manufacturers are physically or financially responsible for product waste management.
Manufacturers are quick to add new items to categories that are growing.
Manufacturers are quite limited.
Manufacturers are ready to do business in euros, hotels to take payment in euros.
Manufacturers are reluctant to disclose information about products.
Manufacturers are reluctant to discuss radioactivity in their products.
Manufacturers are reluctant to release information, and measurements can be misleading.
Manufacturers are responsible for all new products.
Manufacturers are responsible for all support of their products.
Manufacturers are responsible for all technical support and warranties of their products.
Manufacturers are responsible for ensuring that their product's ingredient list is accurate.
Manufacturers are responsible for ensuring the safety of any lead substitutes.
Manufacturers are responsible for harm caused by defective or unsafe products.
Manufacturers are responsible for investigating and evaluating the cause of each event.
Manufacturers are responsible for nutrition labeling values on their products.
Manufacturers are responsible for the accuracy of the nutrition labeling values on their products.
Manufacturers are shameless when it comes to promoting their new wares.
Manufacturers are sometimes unable to keep pace with the demand for newly released items.
Manufacturers are supportive.
Manufacturers are susceptible to the economic swings of the larger economy.
Manufacturers are the backbone of the industry, endless searching for better ways of doing things.
Manufacturers are then able to focus on product innovation, production and marketing.
Manufacturers are unlikely to check each plant portion for validity.
Manufacturers are very aware of what mothers want to feed their babies.
Manufacturers are very liability conscious, especially in the low-speed regime.
Manufacturers are very responsive to what they learn from research.
Manufacturers are welcome to monitor the group and answer questions as well.
Manufacturers are willing to pay more for speciality fibers when there is a quality reason to do so.
Manufacturers are willing to pay more of specialty fibers when there is a quality reason to do so.
Manufacturers are yet in their infancy.
Manufacturers are, therefore, reworking strategies.
Manufacturers attempt to build safety features into equipment.
Manufacturers bear the sole responsibility for their devices.
Manufacturers become more efficient when they coordinate logistics with specialized software.
Manufacturers begin operating at capacity.
Manufacturers believe that is how they are routinely used.
Manufacturers believe they can get drugs to the patient within that amount of time.
Manufacturers benefit by generating quality leads online .
Manufacturers benefit by selling products in larger quantities to consumers who desire their brands.
Manufacturers benefit from sales to rental companies.
Manufacturers blame an inadequate ground system for most problems.
Manufacturers blame high fees for using courts.
Manufacturers break the market into different segments.
Manufacturers bring the latest designs and cutting-edge technology.
Manufacturers build clubs by the thousands.
Manufacturers build LED displays with black screens for maximum contrast.
Manufacturers build vehicles.
Manufacturers buy expensive fibers, make a new board, then go out and have kids ride it.
Manufacturers buy in such large quantity, that they have their threads dyed to match.
Manufacturers can access the latest technologies and practices.
Manufacturers can also include an optional paragraph describing their product offering.
Manufacturers can also sell on the Internet commerce marketplace through their distributor agents.
Manufacturers can also switch to less toxic alternatives.
Manufacturers can also use the service to track which sites show their clips.
Manufacturers can and do use inferior ingredients and thus make the product seem tastier.
Manufacturers can and do use obscure and easily misunderstood terms.
Manufacturers can barely keep up with increasing demand.
Manufacturers can begin e-commerce with a company they know and have trusted for years.
Manufacturers can bid on projects requiring completed assemblies.
Manufacturers can change ingredients in their products at any time.
Manufacturers can code DVDs to allow playback only on players set to allow certain ratings levels.
Manufacturers can comply with such rules.
Manufacturers can continue using the air bags already designed for their vehicles.
Manufacturers can control quality and recall product, if necessary, at an economic cost.
Manufacturers can create additional incentives for builders to upgrade products in their homes.
Manufacturers can create tagged credit cards, key tags, watches, and more.
Manufacturers can create their own MIFs specific to a component.
Manufacturers can develop and port software independent of the hardware layers.
Manufacturers can distribute parts information to resellers.
Manufacturers can do the same for their distributors.
Manufacturers can easily integrate the new tube into existing mammography equipment designs.
Manufacturers can eliminate their in-house paint lines.
Manufacturers can engage part-time workers to help with spikes in production.
Manufacturers can even compete on efficiency, rather than on testosterone-driven engine power.
Manufacturers can expand their customer base and strengthen their links to key suppliers.
Manufacturers can have the results in four days.
Manufacturers can implement features quite differently.
Manufacturers can improve the crash-worthiness of cars.
Manufacturers can jump the coil count by using a mattress unit as a box spring.
Manufacturers can keep costs down by stinting on quality control.
Manufacturers can make small actuators and pump valves measuring in microns.
Manufacturers can move product by rail, truck, van and intermodally.
Manufacturers can no longer differentiate themselves just with technology.
Manufacturers can no longer rely on support simply because they are the only game in town.
Manufacturers can no longer use Freon in air conditioners.
Manufacturers can now accurately diagnose, monitor and control fabrication methods.
Manufacturers can now build plants in Asian and Latin American countries where wages are much lower.
Manufacturers can opt to program a disc to play in any combination of the world's regions.
Manufacturers can participate as well by using recycled materials in their products.
Manufacturers can provide a single design to a world market.
Manufacturers can provide information on local dealers and installers.
Manufacturers can provide the names and locations of regional or local suppliers.
Manufacturers can provide useful information online.
Manufacturers can rate hitches higher than as indicated.
Manufacturers can reduce risk by developing to a well known specification.
Manufacturers can reuse packing materials and pallets.
Manufacturers can save hundreds of dollars by using only a thin layer of fiberglass.
Manufacturers can save on maintenance costs and extend the productive life of aging machine tools.
Manufacturers can save through dramatic reductions in standard and hazardous waste disposal costs.
Manufacturers can select precisely which features they want.
Manufacturers can sell direct to small, targeted markets without alienating big distributors.
Manufacturers can sell directly to customers, cutting out store owners.
Manufacturers can sell existing inventories, but that's it.
Manufacturers can stack chips on top of one another, or they can stack boards.
Manufacturers can state the exact percentage of organic ingredients on the principal display panel.
Manufacturers can submit summary information instead of the underlying data.
Manufacturers can substantially reduce waste volume through substitution.
Manufacturers can substitute a single-barrel vial for two curved vials.
Manufacturers can supply specific information on the choice of glove.
Manufacturers can supply the right gloves for all applications.
Manufacturers can take spent goods back for recycling or disposal without approvals or manifests.
Manufacturers can tap into the expanding market for environmentally responsible products.
Manufacturers can teach people to use air bags in a lot of methods.
Manufacturers can upgrade washing machines so the wash cycle itself consumes less water.
Manufacturers can upload their products free of charge.
Manufacturers can use a larger type size and are encouraged to do so.
Manufacturers can use existing fabrics.
Manufacturers can use inferior ingredients and thus make the product seem tastier.
Manufacturers can use IRBs to help finance the expansion of their facilities.
Manufacturers can use the free directory to find customers and suppliers.
Manufacturers can use the same equipment, timing and settings as in their normal process.
Manufacturers can usually construct a systems built home from standard blueprints.
Manufacturers can utilize round the clock trading floor to buy and sell bulk drugs.
Manufacturers can vary in sizing and particularly with briefs.
Manufacturers can, however, design telephones to be interference-free.
Manufacturers carefully select each material for optimum performance.
Manufacturers carry a heavy burden to decrease returns.
Manufacturers carry out battery tests on brand new equipment within protected environments.
Manufacturers cater to both.
Manufacturers caution users about shocking wet animals.
Manufacturers change ingredients often without warning.
Manufacturers choose to automate crimping wherever possible in order to achieve their goals.
Manufacturers claim maple has two advantages over ash.
Manufacturers claim that chondroitin products in the U.S. are only derived from U.S. cows.
Manufacturers claim that silver discourages the growth of bacteria within the filter.
Manufacturers claim that such products are less likely to irritate the skin.
Manufacturers claim that they are absorbed into the body faster and in a higher dose than pills.
Manufacturers claim that they are victims of a system gone haywire.
Manufacturers claim that they identify chemical hazards through animal testing.
Manufacturers claim they are even better than ultrasonic ones.
Manufacturers claim they are justifiably regaining their huge investments in crucial new research.
Manufacturers claim they are trying to provide the training.
Manufacturers claim they have non-staining formulas, but with exceptions.
Manufacturers claim they provide additional energy or are superior to eating regular food.
Manufacturers clearly mark the R-value on the types of insulation they produce.
Manufacturers click here , distributors click here .
Manufacturers coat most lenses to prevent excess UV penetration.
Manufacturers come and go as their results wax and wane.
Manufacturers come up with thousands upon thousands of trade names to describe colors.
Manufacturers commonly list bounds on the varistor voltage.
Manufacturers commonly provide training and special courses about new products or equipment.
Manufacturers conduct their own inspections, too.
Manufacturers constantly change their links.
Manufacturers constantly introduce new models and change existing models.
Manufacturers continually introduce new types of peripherals.
Manufacturers continually release new models.
Manufacturers continue to be responsible for signage on the equipment they make.
Manufacturers continue to claim that there's no proof it actually caused stroke and other problems.
Manufacturers continue to develop new, mercury-free alkaline batteries that can be recharged.
Manufacturers continue to expand the use of various metals and adopt new methods towards welding.
Manufacturers continue to face high costs for fuels and electricity.
Manufacturers continue to face up to the challenge of repositioning themselves for the future.
Manufacturers continue to focus on developing beac on technology to improve search times.
Manufacturers continue to have trouble working off stocks of unsold goods.
Manufacturers continue to introduce new products, and improve the technology.
Manufacturers continue to offer extensive rebates and incentive financing.
Manufacturers continue to pour investment into the mainland, looking for cheap labor and factories.
Manufacturers continue to update their hardware and software to deal with the conflicts.
Manufacturers continue to warn against permitting extra riders on equipment.
Manufacturers continuously design new ink jet printers using inks of different characteristics.
Manufacturers contribute to what has become a knowledge driven economy .
Manufacturers control quality more rigorously.
Manufacturers convert abandoned barns or garden sheds into e factories, which can be filthy.
Manufacturers convert diosgenin to the identical progesterone molecule that the body produces.
Manufacturers convert it into acetic anhydride and acetate esters.
Manufacturers copy each other's ideas, and most packages are now beginning to look the same.
Manufacturers counter that the slump is more serious.
Manufacturers counter that they are ready.
Manufacturers create many different foams by varying ingredients and manufacturing methods.
Manufacturers create products.
Manufacturers create superior products.
Manufacturers cunningly select specifications to make systems sound too good to be true.
Manufacturers decide what units to put the money on and mainly they do it to spark sales.
Manufacturers defend their product and claim shoddy workmanship is to blame.
Manufacturers demand a lot of the product and a lot of themselves.
Manufacturers deny any attempt to create a teen-drinking market.
Manufacturers depend on the contractor to satisfy the homeowner and ultimately the purchaser.
Manufacturers describe tub size differently.
Manufacturers develop products to create an optimum balance of inhibitors.
Manufacturers differ on the importance of electronic innovations.
Manufacturers display and promote their own products, and group purchase follows.
Manufacturers do have a duty to warn consumers about risks associated with their products, however.
Manufacturers do it because it is so cheap.
Manufacturers do listen, especially when many voices are talking.
Manufacturers do no have to prove that a supplement works.
Manufacturers do place warning labels on their products already.
Manufacturers do tests.
Manufacturers don t revise manuals every time they make changes to the software.
Manufacturers donate to the charitable concerns based on how much is sold during a promotion.
Manufacturers employ innovative technologies to research pro and consumer needs.
Manufacturers employ workers.
Manufacturers engage in persuasive marketing to the public, to managers, and to clinicians.
Manufacturers enjoy tremendous cost savings due to volume purchasing power.
Manufacturers ensure that the correct balance is achieved by supplementing seed diets with calcium.
Manufacturers Entering a manufacturer number is very easy.
Manufacturers equip catch basins with either a pump or drain to remove liquid.
Manufacturers establish prices for prescription drugs.
Manufacturers estimate the life of dye-sub prints to be fifty years.
Manufacturers even sell laminate moldings and transition strip.
Manufacturers even ship their cards together with frequency-changing utilities.
Manufacturers exhaustively test integrated circuits before they are shipped to customers.
Manufacturers expect a slight improvement in the next six months.
Manufacturers expect a slight pickup in orders during the next six months.
Manufacturers expect an upturn by the middle of the year and modest growth thereafter.
Manufacturers expect basically steady activity in the first half of the year, on balance.
Manufacturers expect business conditions to improve during the next six months.
Manufacturers expect growth to increase slightly.
Manufacturers expect only steady conditions during the first half of the year.
Manufacturers expect only very slight improvement in business conditions during the next six months.
Manufacturers expect orders to rise.
Manufacturers expect the first of the next generation laptops to be available in the summer.
Manufacturers expect the prices to go down as more units are sold.
Manufacturers export mainly to the West and have avoided some Asia-related setbacks.
Manufacturers extract it from wool using a special process.
Manufacturers face a host of problems.
Manufacturers face many competitive challenges in today's global marketplace.
Manufacturers face similar challenges.
Manufacturers fear an increase in liability if devices are used independently in the water.
Manufacturers fences their, master-halco's total well but wooden range opener.
Manufacturers fiberglass industrial molded parts, products and components.
Manufacturers fight back.
Manufacturers Find Canadian auto makers online.
Manufacturers Find links to manufacturers of all types of construction materials.
Manufacturers Find people.
Manufacturers find solutions in vinyl.
Manufacturers focus on plant upgrades and expansions.
Manufacturers focus on quality.
Manufacturers forecast a seasonally stronger second half.
Manufacturers forecast a slight increase in business in the second half of the year.
Manufacturers forecast increases in shipments and orders.
Manufacturers forecast modest gains in shipments and new orders.
Manufacturers forecast rising business activity and they are boosting capital spending.
Manufacturers forecast somewhat better business conditions.
Manufacturers fortify pet foods with different forms of iron.
Manufacturers gain an e-business education .
Manufacturers generally appear sanguine about future trends.
Manufacturers generally bundle such cameras with cables and driver software.
Manufacturers generally indicate reduced effectiveness after two to three years of storage.
Manufacturers generally list field loss and laboratory loss.
Manufacturers generally make their pipes and headers about right or, if anything, a little long.
Manufacturers generally receive progress payments when producing a large fixture order.
Manufacturers generally say that they are successfully managing their inventories.
Manufacturers generally state a coating's solids content as a percentage of both volume and weight.
Manufacturers give away hardware in order to sell software.
Manufacturers give out demonstration disks, and they often can be downloaded from their websites.
Manufacturers go all out to attract media and public interest.
Manufacturers go to incredible lengths, to make sure that there are no differences.
Manufacturers grind the peanut shells into powder.
Manufacturers hate to see unchecked boxes in evaluations.
Manufacturers have a big role to play in source reduction.
Manufacturers have a far more difficult task in retrenching and finding new niches.
Manufacturers have a little different instruction with their pumps.
Manufacturers have a points race of their own.
Manufacturers have a responsibility to make sure that products perform as promised.
Manufacturers have ability.
Manufacturers have advantage.
Manufacturers have clear advantage.
Manufacturers have cutaway pictures of their designs.
Manufacturers have departments.
Manufacturers have difficulty maintaining consistent color between lots.
Manufacturers have diverse policies about publishing lists if their own resellers.
Manufacturers have methods.
Manufacturers have one year to comply.
Manufacturers have options when they are being pushed around by big government.
Manufacturers have password access to their pumps.
Manufacturers have plants.
Manufacturers have power.
Manufacturers have production schedules and timetables to beat.
Manufacturers have productivity advantage.
Manufacturers have special needs.
Manufacturers have test kitchens.
Manufacturers have the power to negotiate their contracts with suppliers and vendors.
Manufacturers have the responsibility to prove that a new food product is safe.
Manufacturers have their own unique lasts.
Manufacturers have thus the ability to use art images very easily and at competitive prices.
Manufacturers have to be careful when preparing drugs from human origin.
Manufacturers have to be nimble to capitalize on instant demand for merchandise.
Manufacturers have to clear out the old, to make way for the new.
Manufacturers have to develop a new telephone for each standard.
Manufacturers have to pay for their mistakes.
Manufacturers have to reject some blades to ensure the safety of the aircraft.
Manufacturers have very odd ideas about women's breast shapes.
Manufacturers Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Manufacturers Here are the manufacturers, follow the links to their motorcycle tire web sites.
Manufacturers here say local employees are quickly trained and eager to work.
Manufacturers hire technicians to build and final-test biomedical electronic equipment.
Manufacturers hope that translates into sweeter music in the audio field.
Manufacturers hotly debate the merits of the two approaches.
Manufacturers improve productivity by the use of new sensor and control systems.
Manufacturers incorporate environmental considerations in product design and manufacture.
Manufacturers increasingly support and benefit from manufacturing research at universities.
Manufacturers indicate that most materials costs are flat to down compared to a year ago.
Manufacturers indicate that most materials costs are flat to down.
Manufacturers indicate that they are paying much more for plastics and fuels.
Manufacturers indicate the permanency of each color on the label or in their catalog lists.
Manufacturers insist that a used car pass a series of inspections before it can become certified.
Manufacturers insist their commercial strains are safe.
Manufacturers intentionally make vinyls to look like leather.
Manufacturers interchange names and units for integral or reset action.
Manufacturers invest in Northern Ireland.
Manufacturers just know that they ship a lot of equipment to distributors.
Manufacturers keep abreast of the latest information and change their diets to prevent deficiencies.
Manufacturers keep making the products better and better.
Manufacturers know a good opportunity when they see one.
Manufacturers know new means evolving .
Manufacturers know new means evolving.
Manufacturers know or can determine where component parts are from.
Manufacturers know the safety wraps are effective, records show.
Manufacturers know their market.
Manufacturers know their own products and the risks they carry.
Manufacturers know very well that consumers can switch brands very easily.
Manufacturers learn from early sales about consumer concerns and solve problems in later models.
Manufacturers like to prevent it if they can.
Manufacturers like to spread discounts around.
Manufacturers list age ranges on toys.
Manufacturers list newly released products in the new product page.
Manufacturers located in Ontario are close to major North American industrial markets.
Manufacturers Look up golf manufacturers.
Manufacturers lose interest if it is difficult to find the desired information.
Manufacturers love coconut oil because it burns the cleanest, and supposedly tastes the best.
Manufacturers love the telephone.
Manufacturers mainly produce machinery and transport equipment, textiles and clothing.
Manufacturers maintain a continuous supply of brite cans on the production line.
Manufacturers make available specification charts for various applications.
Manufacturers make bird feeders to meet different tastes.
Manufacturers make both electric remote control and manual, or hand-operated switches.
Manufacturers make ceramics from such minerals as bauxite, clay, feldspar, silica, and talc.
Manufacturers make cubes for all the most popular materials techniques such as photo resist.
Manufacturers make equipment to protect players for one reason and that's to prevent injury.
Manufacturers make every effort to keep pace with the textile industry.
Manufacturers make fabricated metal products, machinery, chemicals, rubber and plastic products.
Manufacturers make heads and hoops a standard size.
Manufacturers make heavy-duty jars specifically for home canning.
Manufacturers make much of the harm that parallel imports allegedly cause consumers.
Manufacturers make new products from collected materials.
Manufacturers make new products from the collected materials.
Manufacturers make other specialized sound cards for different uses, such as music.
Manufacturers make plastics from chemicals.
Manufacturers make products that people buy or they go out of business.
Manufacturers make products.
Manufacturers make soaps by combining calcium and fats.
Manufacturers make their money selling the consumables, and their cost is falling.
Manufacturers make tires to exactly fit specific models of cars.
Manufacturers make untenable claims about their lubricants' abilities in the presence of mud.
Manufacturers make versions.
Manufacturers mend the merchandise but can no longer sell it as new.
Manufacturers narrow their comparisons to competitive products against which they look good.
Manufacturers normally produce standard packets for every flat pack.
Manufacturers normally provide cleaning solutions and instructions.
Manufacturers normally refine their designs during the production run of a chip.
Manufacturers note some signs of turnaround in commercial aircraft and semiconductor markets.
Manufacturers notify interested parties prior to meetings.
Manufacturers now appeals.
Manufacturers now create tubs and showers in every shape and size.
Manufacturers now enclose the devices in stainless steel or titanium cases to reduce interference.
Manufacturers now face a real challenge.
Manufacturers now have a process for treating aluminum called anodization.
Manufacturers now have options for expediting and fulfilling their testing and certification needs.
Manufacturers now have the flexibility to respond to consumers' demand for comfort and fashion.
Manufacturers now issue consumer relations guidelines that dealers are supposed to follow.
Manufacturers now offer a wide range of luminaires that can be moved along the track with ease.
Manufacturers now offer easier alternatives.
Manufacturers now offer sealed combustion furnaces, boilers, and gas-fired fireplaces.
Manufacturers now share the burden of inventory risk that was once borne by retailers.
Manufacturers now use a supercritical fluid to remove caffeine from coffee beans.
Manufacturers now use many different techniques to forge metal.
Manufacturers occasionally change tunes, subject to availability.
Manufacturers offer a variety of accessories for recessed downlights.
Manufacturers offer competitive salaries, fringe benefits, insurance and advancement.
Manufacturers offer free technical seminars for customers.
Manufacturers offer great training programs also, but more oriented to their specific products.
Manufacturers offer guidelines.
Manufacturers offer hardware and software throughout the world.
Manufacturers offer numerous specifications when it comes to speed.
Manufacturers offer products.
Manufacturers offer rebates for a number of reasons.
Manufacturers offer specific guidelines.
Manufacturers offer various topical solutions to combat skin problems and hair loss.
Manufacturers offer warranties.
Manufacturers only have to provide proof of a product s quality.
Manufacturers only have to report information they have.
Manufacturers only use small bar tacks to reinforce the most critical areas.
Manufacturers package tungsten-halogen lamps in protective plastic bags to avoid handling problems.
Manufacturers pass on the savings to consumers.
Manufacturers pay a fee to post wares on the site, and buyers can search for the best deals.
Manufacturers pay nearly half the wages in Erie County.
Manufacturers pay premium prices for designer bottles, boxes, and display cartons.
Manufacturers pay slotting fees to retailers in order to secure shelf space.
Manufacturers pay the State of Minnesota for commodity value of truckload.
Manufacturers pay the stores a premium to get their products placed at eye level.
Manufacturers pay to use team names and player likenesses.
Manufacturers periodically refund dealers money they've held back at the time of sale.
Manufacturers place a plastic lip just beneath the nose on most crankbaits.
Manufacturers place batch identification numbers on food packages.
Manufacturers place restrictions.
Manufacturers place sand in a gun and shoot at the denim.
Manufacturers place the deposit information on the containers.
Manufacturers place the strips in re-sealable plastic vials.
Manufacturers plan to offer increased capacities for both types in the future.
Manufacturers predict a slight rebound in demand for their products.
Manufacturers prefer to deal directly with the inventor.
Manufacturers prepare the bacterial killer in large fermentation vats.
Manufacturers produce a huge number of items daily.
Manufacturers produce billions of dollars in excess inventory each year.
Manufacturers produce both final goods for consumers and inputs for other firms.
Manufacturers produce chemical products, transport equipment, metal products.
Manufacturers produce different grades for the many types of plants.
Manufacturers produce furniture in a shade of putty, and companies bought it because it was there.
Manufacturers produce products.
Manufacturers produce quality products.
Manufacturers produce tablets because they are economical.
Manufacturers produce tampons in various gradations of absorbency.
Manufacturers produce various grades, often depending on the target crop.
Manufacturers produce what the customer demands.
Manufacturers produce xenon through fractionally distilling liquid air.
Manufacturers promise big savings when installing plumbing, electrical and mechanical systems.
Manufacturers promote a macho image.
Manufacturers provide cloth-masks to workers to satisfy the codes of conduct.
Manufacturers provide estimated yearly operating costs based on standard U.S. government tests.
Manufacturers provide estimated yearly operating costs, based on standard U.S. government tests.
Manufacturers provide jobs.
Manufacturers provide limited number of fonts, called resident fonts, with their printers.
Manufacturers provide literature that spells out the acceptable sizes and location of the cutouts.
Manufacturers provide manuals.
Manufacturers provide only a limited selection of models for the overseas markets.
Manufacturers provide permanent jobs.
Manufacturers provide products.
Manufacturers provide proper mounting positions on product literature.
Manufacturers provide services.
Manufacturers provide superior products.
Manufacturers provide the instruments.
Manufacturers publish graphs and tables.
Manufacturers pull out all the stops in designing tents with multiple functions and characteristics.
Manufacturers quit producing anaplasmosis vaccine last year.
Manufacturers rate the business climate as favorable, plan expansions and more.
Manufacturers rate the strength of a generator in terms of wattage.
Manufacturers Read about the latest bikes and equipment from the top manufacturers.
Manufacturers realize that there are now enough women into snowboarding to make a market.
Manufacturers receive an extended boost from new housing starts.
Manufacturers receive an initial audit for each production facility.
Manufacturers receive quote and sample requests directly from engineers.
Manufacturers recognize the value of the symbol and put it on everything they possibly can.
Manufacturers recommend about every six months.
Manufacturers recommend airbags be deployed in a vehicle, which has been declared a total loss.
Manufacturers recommend certain amounts of tip trimming for a good reason.
Manufacturers recommend pregnancy tests.
Manufacturers recommend regular brake fluid inspections.
Manufacturers recommend regular preventative maintenance checkups.
Manufacturers recommend replacing the hoses every five years.
Manufacturers recommend tests.
Manufacturers recommend that every occupied floor of a house have a detector.
Manufacturers recommend that the filters be cleaned once every two to three years.
Manufacturers recommend they be used only on unloaded guns.
Manufacturers recommend use of a tractor for transport.
Manufacturers recommend use.
Manufacturers refer to on-chip debugging by the type of interface.
Manufacturers refine car bodies around the stampings.
Manufacturers release fixes and updates which can improve compatibility with other modems.
Manufacturers release new products.
Manufacturers release products.
Manufacturers rely on electronics.
Manufacturers rely on imported castor oil for making certain commercial materials.
Manufacturers rely on many different computer programs to design and produce machined parts.
Manufacturers rely on rail transportation when moving heavy materials long distances.
Manufacturers rely on solid state electronics.
Manufacturers report enormous productivity gains from using fabbers.
Manufacturers report good sales and note few input bottlenecks or other impediments to production.
Manufacturers report mixed conditions.
Manufacturers report no significant labor market or wage developments in the past two months.
Manufacturers report permeation rate in different ways.
Manufacturers report that export markets in Asia are experiencing strong growth.
Manufacturers report very mixed capital spending plans.
Manufacturers require a certain degree of electronics knowledge prior to hiring.
Manufacturers require different fastening techniques.
Manufacturers require far greater amounts of isoprene than can be obtained from natural sources.
Manufacturers require large minimum orders on new products and can take up to a year to deliver.
Manufacturers require types.
Manufacturers reserve the right to alter specifications without notice.
Manufacturers reserve the right to alter specifications.
Manufacturers reserve the right to change specifications without notice.
Manufacturers reserve the right to limit stock balance returns on discontinued items.
Manufacturers respond by producing more fuel-efficient vehicles.
Manufacturers respond to market demands.
Manufacturers retain any insurance proceeds on account of defense costs.
Manufacturers retain special investigation firms that monitor news reports of rollovers and fires.
Manufacturers retread compounds and rubber compound mixtures for manufacture of tyres.
Manufacturers say it increases erections in men.
Manufacturers say salicylates seep through the skin to relieve pain.
Manufacturers say that liposomes act like a delivery system.
Manufacturers say the swag lights are particularly appropriate for Victorian-style houses.
Manufacturers say the tight-fitting sleepwear is unsaleable.
Manufacturers say there is an imminent shortage of life-saving medical devices due to litigation.
Manufacturers say they are trying to help women who aren t meeting their daily nutritional needs.
Manufacturers say they pay local prevailing wages or better.
Manufacturers say they're concerned owners ignore the letters, or put off repairs.
Manufacturers see a range of retailers and their merchandising plans.
Manufacturers See many of the manufacturers of many different roof systems.
Manufacturers seek to have a product that has a consistent and reliable quality.
Manufacturers seem happy to oblige.
Manufacturers seem to have as many descriptions for the process as there are terms.
Manufacturers seem to make most of their profits on expensive options.
Manufacturers seem to think so.
Manufacturers sell drugs at different prices in different countries for several reasons.
Manufacturers sell products.
Manufacturers send mixed colors.
Manufacturers send mixed lots.
Manufacturers send mixed styles.
Manufacturers send other mixed messages to users.
Manufacturers send video cards to reviewers months before sending video cards to vendors.
Manufacturers sew a piece of polyester twill tape known as the V-tab onto the mylar platform.
Manufacturers show clothing designed for special situations and needs.
Manufacturers show problems.
Manufacturers solve problems.
Manufacturers specify accuracies in several ways.
Manufacturers specify tolerances on both at the rated temperature.
Manufacturers spend an enormous amount of money on cooperative marketing funds with retailers.
Manufacturers spend endless days designing and testing products borne of their own needs.
Manufacturers spend millions advertising on television.
Manufacturers stand to benefit too.
Manufacturers state alternative methods.
Manufacturers state methods.
Manufacturers stems vary.
Manufacturers still await a final rule on control procedures for cut labeling.
Manufacturers still use all three material categories in paddles today.
Manufacturers stop production when the products fail to sell.
Manufacturers stumble Even the manufacturing end of the industry has some problems.
Manufacturers submit their games to rating reviewers for classification.
Manufacturers submit their responses for review at the annual contract award meeting.
Manufacturers succeed to a greater or lesser degree.
Manufacturers suggest applying lotions to slightly damp skin, topped with dusting powder.
Manufacturers suggest guidelines.
Manufacturers suggest taking the tea on an empty stomach to minimize possible side effects.
Manufacturers suggest that because the cars run on air they are environmentally friendly.
Manufacturers suggest vacating the area being sprayed for several hours after application.
Manufacturers supplement consumer buying trends with low fat cookies, crackers and treats.
Manufacturers supply directions on different mixing procedures.
Manufacturers supply smaller fibers on the outside of the core reducing abrasion.
Manufacturers supply tables of nozzle flow rates at various pressures.
Manufacturers support production.
Manufacturers tailor their cards to the microprocessor involved.
Manufacturers Take a look the major bike manufacturers and see what they have to offer.
Manufacturers take advantage of women workers in a number of ways.
Manufacturers take chances.
Manufacturers take lead over rivals in United States.
Manufacturers take several approaches in offering ink-mixing systems and corresponding modifiers.
Manufacturers take steps.
Manufacturers target market products to engineers with specific product interests.
Manufacturers tend to be very co-operative and helpful.
Manufacturers tend to be very linear in their thinking.
Manufacturers tend to favor one and use that type in all of their cameras.
Manufacturers tend to report the best removal rate of which their unit is capable.
Manufacturers tend to use high levels of capital, which includes cash, equipment and supplies.
Manufacturers test handlers for material movement and thermal conditioning during test.
Manufacturers test only prototypes and a small sampling of each production run.
Manufacturers test the finished chips at various speeds, certifying the performance of each one.
Manufacturers test their products and reveal their product quality in the warranty they offer.
Manufacturers test their products.
Manufacturers then ramp up production to increase supply and the cycle comes full circle again.
Manufacturers then use the recyclables to make new products - recycling's second step.
Manufacturers There are currently eight nematode manufacturers in the United States.
Manufacturers think that wheat, tin and gypsum come from the commodities market.
Manufacturers thus compete vigorously with one another to develop new products.
Manufacturers to provide additional instruction.
Manufacturers to provide instruction.
Manufacturers tout the number of vents in their helmets, a meaningless parameter.
Manufacturers traditionally offer one neck style or maybe two.
Manufacturers traditionally rely on sellers to market their products.
Manufacturers try to balance aesthetics with resilience.
Manufacturers try to impose their own definitions of impairment.
Manufacturers try to keep their customers in good standing, but even the best are swayed.
Manufacturers try to persuade people to buy their products.
Manufacturers typically add salt to improve the taste of canned vegetables and processed foods.
Manufacturers typically carry the cost of any promotions.
Manufacturers typically charge considerably more than third party providers.
Manufacturers typically claim that they receive no complaints of problems with their products.
Manufacturers typically describe the waterproof breathability of fabrics using two numbers.
Manufacturers typically have a higher profit margin on consumables than on the printers themselves.
Manufacturers typically have very complex procedures prior to the surplusing of excess inventories.
Manufacturers typically indicate the wattage on the back of the appliance.
Manufacturers typically recommend washing in cold water and line drying for silk boxers.
Manufacturers typically recommend washing in warm water and drying on medium temperatures.
Manufacturers typically sell goods overseas through agents and distributors.
Manufacturers undertake tasks.
Manufacturers use a variety of techniques to make suede from full-grain.
Manufacturers use about nine trillion gallons of fresh water every year.
Manufacturers use animal hair in making a variety of products.
Manufacturers use automotive processes to bond paint to metal walls.
Manufacturers use biodegradable cotton string, but decomposition rates vary.
Manufacturers use BMDP for analysis of qality control.
Manufacturers use canola as an ingredient in soap, margarine, and lamp fuel.
Manufacturers use ceramics to make bricks, tiles, piping, and other construction materials.
Manufacturers use channels.
Manufacturers use chemical additives to mask environmental tobacco smoke .
Manufacturers use chitosan as a natural polymer to remove heavy metals from industrial waste water.
Manufacturers use coupons primarily to attract new customers.
Manufacturers use cyclopentadiene to make resins and other chemicals.
Manufacturers use different chemical stews to fill their airbags.
Manufacturers use different colors to produce specific results.
Manufacturers use different methods and materials for sizing watercolor papers.
Manufacturers use different methods of packaging the resistor into the antenna assembly.
Manufacturers use enzymes in making a wide variety of products.
Manufacturers use equipment.
Manufacturers use estimates to plan production schedules and establish market shares.
Manufacturers use fibres in clothing and such home furnishings as carpets and upholstery.
Manufacturers use head circumference as the basis for their sizing system.
Manufacturers use hickory wood for the handles of tools, especially axes, hammers, and picks.
Manufacturers use huge amounts of paper and other resources to promote their baby milks.
Manufacturers Use images and streaming video to test new products and minimize risk.
Manufacturers use it for furniture, barrels, and railroad ties.
Manufacturers use it for sell sheets, catalogs, and flyers about products and services.
Manufacturers use it to imply a sense of class and quality.
Manufacturers use it to make furniture and musical instruments.
Manufacturers use many different types of plastic in electronic equipment.
Manufacturers use methods.
Manufacturers use oil.
Manufacturers use only the amount of an additive necessary to achieve the desired effect.
Manufacturers use our machinery monitors and controllers as original parts on their new machinery.
Manufacturers use parallel channels.
Manufacturers use parties.
Manufacturers use powder to line latex gloves so they are easier to slip on.
Manufacturers use sampling methods to guard against producing defective products.
Manufacturers use special machines to extract safflower oil from the seeds.
Manufacturers use such codes to design wings and other parts of high-altitude vehicles.
Manufacturers use surveys with warranties.
Manufacturers use techniques.
Manufacturers use terms that are deceptive.
Manufacturers use the millions of pounds of recyclables to make new products.
Manufacturers use the product franchise to govern how a retailer distributes their product.
Manufacturers use the same technique to sterilize many disposable medical devices.
Manufacturers use the service to ensure compliance and perform product research.
Manufacturers use thick liquorice concentrates which are included into a wide range of products.
Manufacturers use third parties.
Manufacturers use trademarks to distinguish their products from others.
Manufacturers use trademarks.
Manufacturers use various combinations of the leaves, stems, roots, and other plant parts.
Manufacturers use various forms of the metastability equation.
Manufacturers utilize increasingly sophisticated technology to convert the starch to sugar.
Manufacturers valves, piston rings, guides and numerous other products.
Manufacturers vary the tune based on availability, however, selections always fit the sculpture.
Manufacturers voluntarily provide equipment and provide technical support.
Manufacturers vulcanize and shape molded products by heating the molds under pressure.
Manufacturers warn against leaving children unattended in the bath seats.
Manufacturers warrant all products, unless otherwise noted.
Manufacturers will have guidelines.
Manufacturers work with accredited laboratories to insure compliance.
Manufacturers frequently attach a tag to sunglasses stating the transmission factor.
Manufacturers frequently create their own terminology.
Manufacturers frequently introduce new materials . . . . . .
Manufacturers frequently offer monitoring equipment either as part of the package or as an option.
Manufacturers frequently update their drivers.
Manufacturers often assign personnel to the receiving function thus incurring additional costs.
Manufacturers often begin in fast food industry.
Manufacturers often blend different types of beans to gain the required quality, flavour and taste.
Manufacturers often build their plants near the material source to eliminate transportation costs.
Manufacturers often cite. . .
Manufacturers often close security breaches with patches or new versions of software.
Manufacturers often combine the diodes with filters to limit the noise to a desired frequency range.
Manufacturers often deliver machines where the tower height is equal to the rotor diameter.
Manufacturers often give the power taken at maximum flow, in watts.
Manufacturers often have a set repair price for a given model, regardless of the parts needed.
Manufacturers often have differing specifications as to cutting dovetail slots.
Manufacturers often have strengths and weaknesses in different product categories.
Manufacturers often limit dealers to sales in restricted territories.
Manufacturers often make paper towels and toilet paper from recycled paper.
Manufacturers often offer rebates or cash back offers if their sales are slow.
Manufacturers often print their own rates in their literature.
Manufacturers often provide end users with the bonus of a mail-in rebate after an item is purchased.
Manufacturers often provide placement advice in the manual.
Manufacturers often recommend their own brand of media, if they have one.
Manufacturers often release updated versions of the software that controls modems.
Manufacturers often rely on buyer feedback to correct problems when they build the next generation.
Manufacturers often specify ground current for a series reference.
Manufacturers often stamp, impress, paint, or leave identifying signatures on their work.
Manufacturers often start testing by using the chip set's local-loopback feature.
Manufacturers often state warnings on their peroxide forming chemicals.
Manufacturers often supply a number of models with different work volumes.
Manufacturers often use anti-sharkskin additives, but until now it was unclear why they work.
Manufacturers often use iodine-base cleaners on their machinery.
Manufacturers often use the same microprocessor in more than one scanner model.
Manufacturers often use warning statements on labels when there is even a small chance of a problem.
Manufacturers sometimes change technical information.
Manufacturers sometimes demand that their retailers handle their products exclusively.
Manufacturers sometimes get the highest ppm rating by printing the same page multiple times.
Manufacturers sometimes hydrogenate some fats.
Manufacturers sometimes list nutritional information for portions other than the package.
Manufacturers sometimes offer unadvertised rebates to their dealers.
Manufacturers sometimes specify a flash's power as a guide number.
Manufacturers usually add extra nutrients to sweeter cereals.
Manufacturers usually agree to recall their products.
Manufacturers usually attend trade shows, looking for new distributors.
Manufacturers usually indicate the net free area provided by their vents.
Manufacturers usually list a toll-free number somewhere on the appliance or product.
Manufacturers usually provide a range of line strengths that they recommend for a reel.
Manufacturers usually quote the maximum linear density used on each drive.
Manufacturers usually recommend a cleaning procedure, product and frequency for their equipment.
Manufacturers usually recommend a slightly damp soft cloth.
Manufacturers usually recommend an adequate clearance.
Manufacturers usually salt peanuts to improve their flavor.
Manufacturers usually specify flue dimensions and chimney requirements for their products.
Manufacturers usually specify the impedance of a piece of apparatus in p.u.
Manufacturers usually take special processes to protect the proteins during reaction.
All manufacturers advise against use during lactation.
All manufacturers are . . .
All manufacturers are available.
All manufacturers are identical except for the mode of intra-urban transportation employed.
All manufacturers attach great importance to the timing of promotional activities.
All manufacturers base the size of washers on tub capacity.
All manufacturers can calculate load capacity.
All manufacturers continue to market improved ventilation, with more vents and air-flow features.
All manufacturers cooperate to ensure that each address is unique.
All manufacturers design their speaker to sound tonally the same.
All manufacturers have many grades of paint.
All manufacturers have to do is agree in advance on various standards.
All manufacturers occasionally have a bad batch.
All manufacturers offer quality products and service.
All manufacturers offer some sort of riding apparel to go along with their bikes.
All manufacturers offer some type of warranty on the products they supply.
All manufacturers offer some type of warranty, to get the details go to their sites listed below.
All manufacturers offer unique advantages for the home user.
All manufacturers print their addresses on their products.
All manufacturers produce affordable lenses for beginners on a limited budget.
All manufacturers provide the interlocks for safety.
All manufacturers provide unsurpassed quality and flexibility in design and guaranteed pricing.
All manufacturers recommend first rinsing off the vinyl to remove the elements of nature and man.
All manufacturers stand behind their product with a one-year warranty.
All manufacturers strive in the quest to improve distance with control.
All manufacturers test their paper to exacting specifications on a regular basis.
All manufacturers use an extruded gasket which is bonded in a loop.
All manufacturers use the same system.
All manufacturers warranty terms and restrictions apply.
Any manufacturer can apply for permission to produce and market a drug after the patent has expired.
Any manufacturer desiring to use the product can usually obtain it packaged in bags or in bulk.
Any manufacturer has a finite capacity.
Every manufacturer bases their film on different colours of the spectrum.
Every manufacturer builds boots around different lasts.
Every manufacturer can make such a car.
Every manufacturer can slip once in awhile.
Every manufacturer claims to have the answer, and always has.
Every manufacturer claims to have the deepest seeking machine on the market.
Every manufacturer depends on electric power to different degrees.
Every manufacturer does something different.
Every manufacturer has a customer service department.
Every manufacturer has a default exterior color, so expect to pay a bit extra for any other color.
Every manufacturer has a different warranty for each model and make.
Every manufacturer has a training facility, but most fall short of complete automation.
Every manufacturer has different sizing conventions.
Every manufacturer has it's strong points and weak points.
Every manufacturer has room for improvement.
Every manufacturer has some type of arbitration process or dispuit resolution board.
Every manufacturer has their own labelling scheme to indicate the quality of their tapes.
Every manufacturer has their own style or philosophy.
Every manufacturer has to get the product to the customer.
Every manufacturer is different.
Every manufacturer makes a cheap paint.
Every manufacturer makes one component better than they can another.
Every manufacturer seems to make one.
Every manufacturer sells their bench top into all the main market areas.
Many manufacturer sell retrofit guards.
Many manufacturers already comply, as a part of good engineering practice.
Many manufacturers already label medical and dental products on a voluntary basis.
Many manufacturers also come to display products, and give demonstrations.
Many manufacturers also do some direct distribution to retailers, hospitals and government agencies.
Many manufacturers also have adapter kits for retrofiting existing water heater tanks.
Many manufacturers also make custom parts for large volume OEM use.
Many manufacturers also make glider units with at least one removable sash for cleaning.
Many manufacturers also provide on-line tech support or free software downloads.
Many manufacturers also provide PC Card NICs for notebook computers.
Many manufacturers are aware that some users require more than the standard cord length.
Many manufacturers are aware that there is a growing market for low salt alternatives.
Many manufacturers are difficult to maintain.
Many manufacturers are small, and some bunk beds are produced for retail sale in homes and garages.
Many manufacturers are still suspicious about the cost implications of soft switching converters.
Many manufacturers are unaware of their environmental exposures.
Many manufacturers are very small.
Many manufacturers build all machines to order.
Many manufacturers build boats using similar sidelight fixture installations.
Many manufacturers build game improvement features into their shoes.
Many manufacturers build specially designed runabouts for one activity.
Many manufacturers buy lot traceability and serial number traceability.
Many manufacturers can provide manuals even for discontinued models.
Many manufacturers claim that store-bought cleaners can dull the finish.
Many manufacturers claim they make unisex boots that fit both men and women.
Many manufacturers cross the border many times a day.
Many manufacturers declare a warranty void once it has been transferred to a second owner.
Many manufacturers demand the original sales receipt.
Many manufacturers develop special cushioning devices as part of the midsole.
Many manufacturers do a poor job of identifying the un lapped face.
Many manufacturers ease access to PC technology with financing programs tailored to students.
Many manufacturers elect to use pulse mode DC test to minimise the power dissipation issue.
Many manufacturers emphasize the fact that they design packs that fit all body shapes and types.
Many manufacturers encourage builders to invest in a model home.
Many manufacturers especially offer smaller variants, though.
Many manufacturers even offer retrofitting services that can make it handicapped accessible.
Many manufacturers fear having their brand names become generic names.
Many manufacturers go directly to mainland China because prices are so cheap.
Many manufacturers have a website with the latest drivers.
Many manufacturers have accessories for their houses.
Many manufacturers have attachments that improve grasscycling performance.
Many manufacturers have demos for download .
Many manufacturers have different incentives for different regions New Vehicle information.
Many manufacturers have internet listing restrictions.
Many manufacturers have multiple categories in their areas of specialties.
Many manufacturers have on-line help at their Web site.
Many manufacturers have special financing available.
Many manufacturers have special terms and conditions.
Many manufacturers have their own home pages on the Web with information and addresses.
Many manufacturers have their own technical support web site and hot line.
Many manufacturers hold two buckets of inventory for a finished good.
Many manufacturers lack clear documentation of receipt of shipments.
Many manufacturers list only the unit's swiftest DVD-ROM speed.
Many manufacturers make a white microwave oven liner paint as well.
Many manufacturers make aftermarket turbos and super chargers for many different cars.
Many manufacturers make better single pans than what the set has to offer.
Many manufacturers make both TSO'd and non-TSO'd rafts and some make only TSO'd rafts.
Many manufacturers make european or over-seas models that are different in quality and style.
Many manufacturers make fleece clothing.
Many manufacturers make larger or smaller skis for larger or smaller skiers.
Many manufacturers make multifeature machines that perform different tasks.
Many manufacturers make shoes especially designed for trail running.
Many manufacturers make shoes in varying styles and colors that can be termed therapeutic.
Many manufacturers make standard and high-efficiency models of motors.
Many manufacturers make structural panels.
Many manufacturers make their conformance statements available on the Internet.
Many manufacturers make trail shoes which have the characteristics needed for trail running.
Many manufacturers make windows in a variety of sizes for the remodeling market.
Many manufacturers misrepresent their products.
Many manufacturers now have compliance statements available on the Web.
Many manufacturers now make similar products and the market is very competitive.
Many manufacturers now offer film laminates that are specifically designed for inkjet media.
Many manufacturers now offer low cost, high value extended warranty on electrical components.
Many manufacturers now realize that time is a critical and valuable commodity.
Many manufacturers now supply ergonomic workstations designed specifically for VDTs.
Many manufacturers now use improved edge seals with much better thermal performance.
Many manufacturers offer a buy-back program for damaged helmets.
Many manufacturers offer a design that looks like a pocket flashlight.
Many manufacturers offer a large selection of trim and corner pieces.
Many manufacturers offer a yellow page program.
Many manufacturers offer air cleaning devices that combine two or more different filter types.
Many manufacturers offer fine quality figures.
Many manufacturers offer free trial pairs.
Many manufacturers offer great training programs , but more oriented to their specific products.
Many manufacturers offer modifications free or for a small charge.
Many manufacturers offer multiple sizes of their multi-tools.
Many manufacturers offer product mailers.
Many manufacturers offer rebates on computer hardware and software.
Many manufacturers offer similar model names for vehicles and insurance costs can vary.
Many manufacturers offer single-use or multiuse licenses at different prices.
Many manufacturers offer some sort of on-site training or training at their schools.
Many manufacturers offer warrantees beyond our money back guarantee.
Many manufacturers offers presented.
Many manufacturers operate factory stores adjacent to their facilities.
Many manufacturers operate their own used vehicle sales and service organizations.
Many manufacturers outsource the sales and marketing of their products to others.
Many manufacturers pack paper in double-roll bolts.
Many manufacturers participate, and the list of approved products keeps growing.
Many manufacturers place a gun on each side of the aerial device.
Many manufacturers post updated drivers on their Websites.
Many manufacturers produce amplifiers which have entirely too much gain.
Many manufacturers produce balers specifically for making balage.
Many manufacturers produce brochures that include a specification of the product they are selling.
Many manufacturers produce foam cushion tapes.
Many manufacturers produce iron-on transfers.
Many manufacturers prohibit Internet listings.
Many manufacturers prohibit retailers from displaying or selling products on line.
Many manufacturers provide a grounding screw on their cabinets as a convenience to the user.
Many manufacturers provide a three-year warranty with a new monitor.
Many manufacturers provide application notes regarding correct filter applications.
Many manufacturers provide comprehensive product warranties.
Many manufacturers provide rollers in a series of sizes.
Many manufacturers provide their own technical support lines.
Many manufacturers provide virus definitions free of charge on their Web sites.
Many manufacturers recommend changing antifreeze every year.
Many manufacturers recommend replacement every five years, but some of that is just marketing.
Many manufacturers rely on anecdotes from users who claim the product works.
Many manufacturers report new efforts to reduce costs.
Many manufacturers require an inventory of the cards installed in the PC and their part numbers.
Many manufacturers require installers to make the final gas pressure adjustment after installation.
Many manufacturers restrict returns even on defective items.
Many manufacturers say they have also taken a cue from the past.
Many manufacturers seem to be packing their kits with other software, however.
Many manufacturers sell conversion kits and provide instructions to help.
Many manufacturers sell drives already low-level formatted.
Many manufacturers sell through dealers, as well as selling direct.
Many manufacturers sell wind rated doors, and retrofit kits are available at building supply stores.
Many manufacturers simply place their mark instead of a printed name.
Many manufacturers specify the duty load for a one month period.
Many manufacturers take short cuts to save money in processing their product.
Many manufacturers tout the advantages of their scented products to cat owners.
Many manufacturers try to double material costs.
Many manufacturers use alternate names for their pin descriptions.
Many manufacturers use an extra letter as their own identification code.
Many manufacturers use bovine material.
Many manufacturers use fillers, binders and coatings that can be harmful or dangerous.
Many manufacturers use material from many suppliers.
Many manufacturers use nitrogen to fill the space in the bags.
Many manufacturers use poultry or beef digests to enhance the palatability of their foods.
Many manufacturers use rivets to join their deck to their hull.
Many manufacturers use rosewood and nato as the wood of choice for fingerboards.
Many manufacturers use the much cheaper and less durable polyester resin.
Many manufacturers use weight alone as the guide for ski length.
Many manufacturers use wheat flour to keep spices from clumping.
Many manufacturers use whey as the flavour carrier.
Many manufacturers utilize chemists to make things.
Many manufacturers utilize compressed air to clean containers.
Many manufacturers void their warranty for improper chemical balance.
Many manufacturers work extremely hard to correct warranty problems, and to make the customer happy.
Many manufacturers write their scanner software to work as a plugin.
More manufacturers opt to let facilities like Capabilities perform their warranty and repair work.
Most manufacturer s technical manuals supply information on the governor.
Most manufacturers achieve compliance.
Most manufacturers add an anti-glare coating to prevent ghost images and increase image sharpness.
Most manufacturers add non-fat milk, flavors, sugar and other ingredients.
Most manufacturers advertise the depth ranges of individual lures on the packaging.
Most manufacturers also claim that they penetrate the skin and act on the lower layers.
Most manufacturers apply one inventory policy for all stock-keeping units in a product line.
Most manufacturers are able to produce appropriate reports on their various teat dips.
Most manufacturers are confident of further growth.
Most manufacturers are in fact investment projects launched by the multinational corporations.
Most manufacturers are including return boxes for shipment with orders.
Most manufacturers are passionate about their business.
Most manufacturers are quite satisfied with the cloning the reference design.
Most manufacturers are surprisingly far behind in many basic techniques.
Most manufacturers are willing to provide demonstrations.
Most manufacturers arrange LEDs in a dot formation along the letters of the sign.
Most manufacturers buy raw substrate from paper suppliers.
Most manufacturers buy their semolina from other milling companies.
Most manufacturers can deliver goods in less than twelve weeks.
Most manufacturers check all their wheels for acceptable run out.
Most manufacturers claim their systems can be installed and programmed in a day.
Most manufacturers create products.
Most manufacturers create superior products.
Most manufacturers develop their systems for general office applications.
Most manufacturers distribute their products through wholesalers or agents.
Most manufacturers do tests.
Most manufacturers do their best to wash the machinery in between batches.
Most manufacturers do their own in house testing, but they usually buy the equipment from vendors.
Most manufacturers employ workers.
Most manufacturers encourage the return of the pump for any repairs.
Most manufacturers expect clients to replace systems every three to five years.
Most manufacturers expect their business to expand in coming months.
Most manufacturers face pressure to streamline processes and cut costs.
Most manufacturers focus on quality.
Most manufacturers guarantee their products to perform as well or better than new cartridges.
Most manufacturers have a guide on the package.
Most manufacturers have a guide ring built into the top of the case above the cell.
Most manufacturers have a high and low grade of paint.
Most manufacturers have a lighted pointer controlled by a joy stick on the multi-view module.
Most manufacturers have a touchup available in approx.
Most manufacturers have a tweaking tool in the drivers to change core and memory clock.
Most manufacturers have a wide variety of paints from cheap to expensive.
Most manufacturers have ability.
Most manufacturers have advantage.
Most manufacturers have an early warning system built-in.
Most manufacturers have clear advantage.
Most manufacturers have demos or at least detailed explanations of their programs.
Most manufacturers have departments.
Most manufacturers have drivers for download on their web sites.
Most manufacturers have elaborate notice procedures.
Most manufacturers have factory outlets.
Most manufacturers have Internet sites listing tested and compliant products.
Most manufacturers have methods.
Most manufacturers have nutrient data available on their food products.
Most manufacturers have packages that bundle popular options for their cars.
Most manufacturers have plants.
Most manufacturers have power.
Most manufacturers have productivity advantage.
Most manufacturers have profiles available from their web sites.
Most manufacturers have pull out shelving available.
Most manufacturers have samples.
Most manufacturers have several blade styles to choose from.
Most manufacturers have similar concerns.
Most manufacturers have software patches available free of charge for non-compliant programs.
Most manufacturers have some high quality products and some that are more marketable than others.
Most manufacturers have special models of dispensers available for use with abrasive materials.
Most manufacturers have test sailings - especially during the spring.
Most manufacturers have the most current upgrade available on their websites.
Most manufacturers have web sites for their brand name drugs.
Most manufacturers have Web sites that post product information.
Most manufacturers have web sites with the latest drivers available for downloading.
Most manufacturers have Web sites, with photos and details about appliances.
Most manufacturers have websites that contain very detailed product information.
Most manufacturers hold finished goods inventory in sufficient quantities to meet retail demand.
Most manufacturers indicate little if any pressure from materials costs.
Most manufacturers indicate that their materials costs and selling prices remain generally stable.
Most manufacturers indicate with colored binding posts a difference between the speaker terminals.
Most manufacturers keep their sauce recipes secret.
Most manufacturers keep updated drivers for their cards available on their websites for download.
Most manufacturers know their unit cost of production.
Most manufacturers list a toll free service number on the instructions.
Most manufacturers list sizes according to breed, age, type or weight.
Most manufacturers list toll-free numbers on their products.
Most manufacturers maintain their business offices on the factory premises.
Most manufacturers make a universal condenser.
Most manufacturers make copies of their latest software available for download on their Web sites.
Most manufacturers make even more of it by providing good motherboards.
Most manufacturers make only one or two basic distillation units.
Most manufacturers make products.
Most manufacturers make several lines to provide a range of handle materials and sizes.
Most manufacturers make size recommendations based on boat length.
Most manufacturers make versions.
Most manufacturers mount burners on a cradle or mount just below the actual burner.
Most manufacturers now carry steel pipe and fittings.
Most manufacturers now have Web sites that describe their products, often with suggested prices.
Most manufacturers now make at least a few of the larger hooks.
Most manufacturers now offer a kit that converts a lawn mower into a mulching mower.
Most manufacturers now offer programmable thermostats specifically designed for heat pumps.
Most manufacturers now promote their televisions with flat screens.
Most manufacturers now provide more than just product.
Most manufacturers now use a durable plastic, or aluminum, to avoid rust.
Most manufacturers offer a full line of cooktops in a variety of configurations.
Most manufacturers offer a full range of equipment from masks to regulators.
Most manufacturers offer a lifetime replacement guarantee.
Most manufacturers offer a one year limited warranty on their product.
Most manufacturers offer a standard warranty against defects.
Most manufacturers offer a variety of actuator sizes.
Most manufacturers offer a wide range of mulching mowers.
Most manufacturers offer accessories for their lifts.
Most manufacturers offer advertising support and demonstration units.
Most manufacturers offer all their gloves in powdered and unpowdered forms.
Most manufacturers offer an adjustable footplate as an option.
Most manufacturers offer at least seven paint strips in every color grouping.
Most manufacturers offer bikes designed for urban transportation.
Most manufacturers offer both a light, natural color flooring and a darker, amber variety.
Most manufacturers offer both types of modems.
Most manufacturers offer both types of shifters in alternating models.
Most manufacturers offer both types.
Most manufacturers offer charts that specify the recommended volume required for their speakers.
Most manufacturers offer either USB port, parallel port or internal card units.
Most manufacturers offer free upgrades that detect newly created viruses.
Most manufacturers offer full-view doors with lower vent panels.
Most manufacturers offer guidelines.
Most manufacturers offer guides that suggest the best use for their roller cover.
Most manufacturers offer hygiene kits that include replacement cushions and foam inserts.
Most manufacturers offer more than one type of gage head.
Most manufacturers offer one year parts and labor warranties, with service done at the factory.
Most manufacturers offer products.
Most manufacturers offer publications on how to do it properly on their machines.
Most manufacturers offer servo plugs that are compatible with their radio systems.
Most manufacturers offer several colors in addition to white.
Most manufacturers offer some kind of warranty, in some cases a lifetime warranty, on tape media.
Most manufacturers offer some sort of demo or trial version.
Most manufacturers offer some sort of software upgrade.
Most manufacturers offer specific guidelines.
Most manufacturers offer their own patented designs, some of which are available in several sizes.
Most manufacturers offer units based on voltage and wattage capacities.
Most manufacturers offer upgrade pricing for new releases.
Most manufacturers offer warranties of up to seven years on certain structural components.
Most manufacturers offer warranties of various sorts on their products.
Most manufacturers offer.
Most manufacturers only carry enough inventories to sustain production for a few weeks at most.
Most manufacturers place restrictions.
Most manufacturers post written notices when defects are found with their products.
Most manufacturers prefer that the released macros be used.
Most manufacturers prefer to deal directly with the end user on any warranty issues.
Most manufacturers press a crown pattern into the ski base.
Most manufacturers produce a beginning boot that comes with a beginning blade.
Most manufacturers produce a blocky shape, somewhat between a cube and a sphere.
Most manufacturers produce a service kit, which contains small parts needed for sprayer repair.
Most manufacturers produce product specifications on disc or as downloadable files.
Most manufacturers produce products.
Most manufacturers produce quality bits.
Most manufacturers produce quality products.
Most manufacturers produce several mask styles.
Most manufacturers produce three weights of fleece outerwear to cope with a variety of conditions.
Most manufacturers provide access to electronic components through a door in the cabinetry.
Most manufacturers provide driver updates every few months.
Most manufacturers provide free technical advice.
Most manufacturers provide jobs.
Most manufacturers provide manuals.
Most manufacturers provide only air-dried logs.
Most manufacturers provide permanent jobs.
Most manufacturers provide products.
Most manufacturers provide services.
Most manufacturers provide setup instructions.
Most manufacturers provide some type of index for their photometric files.
Most manufacturers provide storage information and hazard warnings on their labels.
Most manufacturers provide superior products.
Most manufacturers provide their customers with regular upgrades.
Most manufacturers provide very extensive programs in fall protection.
Most manufacturers publish standard recovery rates for their fryers.
Most manufacturers put more sugar in their foods to compensate for the lack of fat.
Most manufacturers quote dry weights.
Most manufacturers rate their pumps at a certain pressure.
Most manufacturers rcommend a tune-up once a year, preferably in spring or summer.
Most manufacturers recommend at least a seasonal transmission fluid change.
Most manufacturers recommend cleaning the air filter every few weeks.
Most manufacturers recommend installing new blades every three months.
Most manufacturers recommend more frequent oil changes for turbocharged engines .
Most manufacturers recommend more frequent oil changes for turbocharged engines.
Most manufacturers recommend new heads after one year.
Most manufacturers recommend only a damp cloth to clean the keys and cabinet.
Most manufacturers recommend pregnancy tests.
Most manufacturers recommend regular checks.
Most manufacturers recommend replacement after five years.
Most manufacturers recommend replacement monthly during the peak heating season.
Most manufacturers recommend replacing wiper blades at the beginning of fall.
Most manufacturers recommend tests.
Most manufacturers recommend that a professional do the job.
Most manufacturers recommend the burner be the master drive on the secondary channel .
Most manufacturers recommend use.
Most manufacturers recommend using minimum flaps in high or gusty crosswinds.
Most manufacturers recommend using soap and water only.
Most manufacturers recommend waxing the vehicle at least twice a year.
Most manufacturers refer inquiries to their websites.
Most manufacturers refine, bleach, and deodorize the oil after extraction.
Most manufacturers release beta and demo versions of their software before general release.
Most manufacturers release new products.
Most manufacturers release products.
Most manufacturers rely on electronics.
Most manufacturers rely on solid state electronics.
Most manufacturers replace broken parts by simply sending a comparable rod section from their stock.
Most manufacturers report that overall materials prices are similar to or lower than a year ago.
Most manufacturers require types.
Most manufacturers sell a two part system consisting of a resin and hardener.
Most manufacturers sell commercial test packs for large floor standing sterilizers.
Most manufacturers sell drives already low-level formatted.
Most manufacturers sell products.
Most manufacturers sell retrofit kits that can be installed for additional bracing.
Most manufacturers sell telescope packages that include all that good stuff.
Most manufacturers show problems.
Most manufacturers show the amperage rating in a large, bold font for the shopper to notice.
Most manufacturers solve problems.
Most manufacturers specify their warranty policies on product insert sheets.
Most manufacturers stamp the stator plate with three marks, near the plate's mounting holes.
Most manufacturers state alternative methods.
Most manufacturers steam the tempeh as part of their initial cooking process.
Most manufacturers still fasten their frame and sash corners with screws.
Most manufacturers strongly discourage installation in full bathrooms.
Most manufacturers suggest at least one smoke alarm for each floor.
Most manufacturers suggest guidelines.
Most manufacturers suggest line drying or drying flat.
Most manufacturers supply a single pump for both circulation and drainage.
Most manufacturers supply an eye relief measurement in the binocular's technical specifications.
Most manufacturers supply specifications on each boat.
Most manufacturers supply the information needed to make a wise choice.
Most manufacturers support production.
Most manufacturers take chances.
Most manufacturers take steps.
Most manufacturers test their products extensively before they are made available to the public.
Most manufacturers think so.
Most manufacturers turn out eight or nine different lines.
Most manufacturers understand that energy performance is important to their customers.
Most manufacturers undertake tasks.
Most manufacturers update their software once a month.
Most manufacturers use a chemical titration method that gives an incorrectly high rating.
Most Manufacturers use a knife edge and load cell to measure moment.
Most manufacturers use a plain flat washer.
Most manufacturers use a thin sheet of plywood as a platform for the slate.
Most manufacturers use channels.
Most manufacturers use equipment.
Most manufacturers use methods.
Most manufacturers use much longer pipelines to reach higher megahertz ratings in their CPU designs.
Most manufacturers use oil.
Most manufacturers use only spring steel.
Most manufacturers use open cell foam that they buy at the carpet store.
Most manufacturers use palm oil, a pleasant-tasting fat readily available in the region.
Most manufacturers use parallel channels.
Most manufacturers use parties.
Most manufacturers use sharp-edged, very hard seats and soft, maybe plastic, poppets.
Most manufacturers use sub-contractors to set up their homes.
Most manufacturers use techniques.
Most manufacturers use third parties.
Most manufacturers use trademarks.
Most manufacturers utilize computer activated electronic controls.
Most manufacturers welcome the idea of improving their process using imaging technology.
Some manufacturers acknowledge the limitations of Internet appliances.
Some manufacturers add anti-mold treatments to their preprimed canvas.
Some manufacturers add baffles or fans to the inside of the deck to enhance the process.
Some manufacturers add caffeine to aspirin.
Some manufacturers add liquids.
Some manufacturers add salt.
Some manufacturers add sugar.
Some manufacturers add vitamins.
Some manufacturers already don t offer PCI versions of some of their products.
Some manufacturers already sell radiation shields for mobiles, reducing radiation to the head.
Some manufacturers also add a weak fertilizer to the blend.
Some manufacturers also add deodorizing agents to block or mask waste odors.
Some manufacturers also advocate their use for the prevention of efflorescence on masonry walls.
Some manufacturers also make bags from ballistic nylon, the fabric used in bulletproof vests.
Some manufacturers also make waders with the boots attached.
Some manufacturers also offer discontinued models.
Some manufacturers also offer smaller portable PCs called subnotebooks.
Some manufacturers also produce videotapes demonstrating good practice.
Some manufacturers also provide advertising materials ready to be customized.
Some manufacturers also provide patches to upgrade earlier releases.
Some manufacturers also recommend pouring concrete around the shelter's walls.
Some manufacturers also sell direct.
Some manufacturers also sell valerian teas.
Some manufacturers apply a coating to the inside of the base casting before assembling the drive.
Some manufacturers are a good source of help.
Some manufacturers are better at fitting certain losses than other manufacturers.
Some manufacturers are in bankruptcy.
Some manufacturers are less than cooperative when problems arise to begin with.
Some manufacturers are more optimistic.
Some manufacturers are now manufacturing units with a battery backup in case power is lost.
Some manufacturers are ominously quiet.
Some manufacturers are very small and are simply no longer in business.
Some manufacturers argue that the heat is needed to pasteurize the food and make it more digestible.
Some manufacturers associate a particular type of trouble with the color of the exhaust.
Some manufacturers attach their controls to the side of the spa cabinet.
Some manufacturers believe mechanical stirring is best for particulated or fibrous samples.
Some manufacturers believe that the addition of herbal remedies assist the capsaicin.
Some manufacturers believe that their best hope for future development lies in regional focus.
Some manufacturers boost their cps rating by printing fast only in very small character ptiches.
Some manufacturers boost their cps ratings by printing fast only in very small character pitches.
Some manufacturers build the costs into the price of the product.
Some manufacturers build wire.
Some manufacturers can produce geofoam with a proprietary insect control additive.
Some manufacturers caution against heating their products in the microwave.
Some manufacturers choose instead to develop other device integration strategies.
Some manufacturers choose to join their cast-iron boiler sections together with elastomer gaskets.
Some manufacturers choose to use polyurethane and isocyanurate as the insulating material.
Some manufacturers claim better crystal patterns.
Some manufacturers claim it to be better.
Some manufacturers claim that price is a more important selling point than features.
Some manufacturers claim that software is the only differentiating feature among most machines.
Some manufacturers claim that zeolite is efficient for the control ammonia.
Some manufacturers claim to reduce freight costs by shipping motor freight.
Some manufacturers combine the product with vitamin E because it helps prevent rancidity.
Some manufacturers compromise on blade pitch by using cheap materials.
Some manufacturers cover rust and corrosion.
Some manufacturers create a wall, or bulkhead that separates the space inside the kayak.
Some manufacturers create mulching mowers by simply blocking all clipping exit channels.
Some manufacturers deliver accurate results.
Some manufacturers deliver results.
Some manufacturers design their progressive lenses to provide wide viewing zones.
Some manufacturers design their warranties to become void if the customer misses a procedure.
Some manufacturers develop a new glider for each competition.
Some manufacturers do a better job than others at satisfying dealers.
Some manufacturers do an additional detergent wash after the product is removed from the molds.
Some manufacturers do both.
Some manufacturers establish links with local schools to further ensure they'll get recruits.
Some manufacturers even make advanced technical documents available for their products.
Some manufacturers even make modems for both types.
Some manufacturers even offer more than one model.
Some manufacturers even offer to do the work under warranty, or supply free filters.
Some manufacturers even recommend prewashing on their labels.
Some manufacturers even recommend tire rotation as a part of a major service.
Some manufacturers even use factory down time to produce goods for barter.
Some manufacturers even void equipment warranties if non-approved fluids are used.
Some manufacturers export pre-specified material furniture to private label U.S. customers.
Some manufacturers export under their own brand names as well.
Some manufacturers expose employees.
Some manufacturers expose workers.
Some manufacturers extrude instead of press wet powder slurry and then sinter the material.
Some manufacturers feel that only a few cleanings throughout the life of the disc is advisable.
Some manufacturers feel that there is still a large untapped potential for pasta use.
Some manufacturers fill the hollow parts of the frame with foam or fiberglass insulation too.
Some manufacturers fix the delay time based on their card's performance.
Some manufacturers focus on women with specific clubs.
Some manufacturers focus strictly on quality award programs.
Some manufacturers foresee revenue growth in the low single digits.
Some manufacturers further modify the skin by applying various sizings, gessoes, etc.
Some manufacturers generate recyclable waste wood as well.
Some manufacturers give a free repair or replacement only on defective parts or workmanship.
Some manufacturers glaze is more durable than others.
Some manufacturers go a bit further.
Some manufacturers guarantee their arrows to be that straight.
Some manufacturers have a no Internet pricing policy.
Some manufacturers have an adapter that attaches the helmet directly to a protective suit.
Some manufacturers have different series ranging from economy eyepieces to first-class ones.
Some manufacturers have flaws in their factory settings that can actually make things worse.
Some manufacturers have grocery store shelves.
Some manufacturers have lids.
Some manufacturers have mixed LED colors in an effort to approximate broad spectrum light.
Some manufacturers have presence.
Some manufacturers have recommendations.
Some manufacturers have sales.
Some manufacturers have shelves.
Some manufacturers have software APs available, too.
Some manufacturers have special formulations for the purpose of cleaning laboratory glassware.
Some manufacturers have tether kits for their forward-facing safety seats.
Some manufacturers have their own Web sites.
Some manufacturers have two sizes of clamps, one for adults and the other for infants.
Some manufacturers have voiced concern about meeting federal deadlines, says one observer.
Some manufacturers have web sites with programming information on line.
Some manufacturers identify their cameras by resolutions available only through interpolation.
Some manufacturers ignore students.
Some manufacturers incorporate a course projection into the map page.
Some manufacturers insert the fiber first and then apply epoxy.
Some manufacturers insist on leaving bat boxes unpainted.
Some manufacturers insist upon removal of resilient floors.
Some manufacturers intend to distribute their products in limited markets.
Some manufacturers invite customers to participate on a product review panel.
Some manufacturers just deserve better recognition.
Some manufacturers just replace returned items with refurbished ones.
Some manufacturers keep lists of known bugs and solutions on their Web pages.
Some manufacturers label their interference filters with the designation IF .
Some manufacturers limit or restrict students' purchase of their educationally priced products.
Some manufacturers list the concentration on their labels.
Some manufacturers look for ways.
Some manufacturers maintain and advertise that mono-extrusion is better.
Some manufacturers make a range of special feature pumps for such applications.
Some manufacturers make better pads than others.
Some manufacturers make certain products better than others.
Some manufacturers make dry gel crystals that can take care of crickets' water needs.
Some manufacturers make it easy, some difficult.
Some manufacturers make misleading claims about the environmental benefits of their products.
Some manufacturers make patterns.
Some manufacturers make refrigerators with sliding shelves.
Some manufacturers make special pony mixes.
Some manufacturers make special powder-free surgical gloves out of vinyl or nitrale.
Some manufacturers make telephones without adequate shielding from strong RF signals.
Some manufacturers make very low protein gloves.
Some manufacturers make yellow sticky cards or tapes.
Some manufacturers market dual checks that can be tested and serviced in-line.
Some manufacturers merely attach ripper shanks behind a disk.
Some manufacturers mold the resin symbol into the bottom of the container for easy identification.
Some manufacturers now make gloves without latex powders.
Some manufacturers now market nickel-free bits.
Some manufacturers now produce an all maple lane, which improves lane strength and consistency.
Some manufacturers now sell fully recycled furniture.
Some manufacturers now use four wheel steering and complex electronic suspensions.
Some manufacturers now void their warranty when tank blankets are used.
Some manufacturers offer a choice of genuine factory replacement parts.
Some manufacturers offer a four-step fertilizing process, with recommendations on when to apply.
Some manufacturers offer a motorless purge system.
Some manufacturers offer alternatives.
Some manufacturers offer combination smoke and carbon monoxide units.
Some manufacturers offer different types of battery systems for their cameras.
Some manufacturers offer digital camera cases.
Some manufacturers offer dimmable electronic ballasts.
Some manufacturers offer discounts for as few as five licenses.
Some manufacturers offer duplexing capability as options on lower-speed copiers.
Some manufacturers offer extended coverage plans.
Some manufacturers offer fan models with high efficiency motors.
Some manufacturers offer filter kits for digital cameras.
Some manufacturers offer free or discounted software fixes.
Some manufacturers offer grays, purples, oranges, and other color variations.
Some manufacturers offer growth kits with free parts to reconfigure the chair.
Some manufacturers offer inspection services that cover many of the aforementioned items.
Some manufacturers offer lifetime limited warranties.
Some manufacturers offer longer payment periods on merchandise purchased through a buying group.
Some manufacturers offer materials.
Some manufacturers offer only limited warranties.
Some manufacturers offer paper copies of their labels that are often easier to read.
Some manufacturers offer phones specifically made for subzero conditions.
Some manufacturers offer pre seasoned varieties like Italian, or Savory.
Some manufacturers offer pseudo-differential inputs.
Some manufacturers offer rebates on select models.
Some manufacturers offer several material choices.
Some manufacturers offer several versions of both their thigh braces with varying amounts of hook.
Some manufacturers offer sound support built into the motherboard.
Some manufacturers offer special coatings to enhance spectral response of CCDs.
Some manufacturers offer stacking racks or buttons on the chair frames.
Some manufacturers offer trade-ins for older machines in working order.
Some manufacturers offer vehicles with built-in child safety seats and booster seats.
Some manufacturers offer wire shelves as an option.
Some manufacturers only promise to recoat rather than merely replace damaged siding.
Some manufacturers only purchase from the highest quality providers for their source material.
Some manufacturers oversell and their customers suffer.
Some manufacturers participate only in selected states.
Some manufacturers perceive a real market.
Some manufacturers place a sticker on the card with the hardware address.
Some manufacturers place separate heating and cooling coils directly in the bath reservoir.
Some manufacturers place the .inf file in a folder and copy the driver files from a subfolder.
Some manufacturers plan portable music devices based on both standards to hedge their bets.
Some manufacturers plan to transmit moving images to mobile phones in the future.
Some manufacturers post their owner's manuals at their Web sites.
Some manufacturers power the mini-pivot using batteries recharged by a solar panel.
Some manufacturers prefer to open factory outlets to control the way their products reach customers.
Some manufacturers print the colors used within their fabrics on the salvage borders.
Some manufacturers print the names of chemicals on their product labels.
Some manufacturers produce edge units that are designed to fit against edge restraints.
Some manufacturers produce food on machinery that is also used to make many different products.
Some manufacturers produce instruments that come precalibrated.
Some manufacturers produce notebooks.
Some manufacturers produce orally administered iron supplements for newborn animals.
Some manufacturers produce stovepipe in porcelain enamel colors to match their stoves.
Some manufacturers produce toy-store quality cars that are intended for the small ones.
Some manufacturers produce water-soluble packaging that is incorporated into the final product.
Some manufacturers promote ergonomic products that are useless or even dangerous.
Some manufacturers provide a chin strap to help stabilize the helmet so that it moves with the head.
Some manufacturers provide a frosted glass filter for diffusing light emitted from the bulb.
Some manufacturers provide a strip to fit behind the strike plate.
Some manufacturers provide an automatic back-flush feature.
Some manufacturers provide an emergency system powered by a motor-driven hydraulic pump.
Some manufacturers provide animal glue.
Some manufacturers provide CDs full of images.
Some manufacturers provide contractors.
Some manufacturers provide glue.
Some manufacturers provide good information online.
Some manufacturers provide information.
Some manufacturers provide libraries of details that can be imported into design programs.
Some manufacturers provide no email address on the website and require a form to be filled out.
Some manufacturers provide no help, drivers or even documentation.
Some manufacturers provide no instructions at all.
Some manufacturers provide only a thin plastic liner to intercept any leaks from the primary tank.
Some manufacturers provide only one number to represent the total sound produced.
Some manufacturers provide speakers with their models.
Some manufacturers provide up to ten years' coverage on compressors.
Some manufacturers publish manuals on their websites.
Some manufacturers put desktop processors in notebooks.
Some manufacturers quit, and new ones enter into their positions.
Some manufacturers reach consumers directly on the Internet.
Some manufacturers really care about their reputation in the market place.
Some manufacturers recirculate air without adequate filtration.
Some manufacturers recommend a flushing with a hose to remove soil.
Some manufacturers recommend a small camber difference to compensate for crowned roads.
Some manufacturers recommend an occasional application of oil.
Some manufacturers recommend buffing the rough raised grain after the first coat.
Some manufacturers recommend checking and resetting sensitivity up to several times per day.
Some manufacturers recommend cleaning the machine after every third distillation.
Some manufacturers recommend different methods of installing DIMMs.
Some manufacturers recommend discarding seats after a certain number of years.
Some manufacturers recommend draining the tank and system before storage.
Some manufacturers recommend face nailing in addition to other fastenings.
Some manufacturers recommend priming instead.
Some manufacturers recommend replacing banana jacks annually.
Some manufacturers recommend sterilization every other day.
Some manufacturers recommend that a small amount of water be drained periodically from the tank.
Some manufacturers recommend that the gas tank be drained before long periods of storage.
Some manufacturers recommend the addition of gravel or water from an established aquarium.
Some manufacturers recommend the use of very long coaxial cables.
Some manufacturers recommend turning the cover upside down on the canner.
Some manufacturers recommend warming to room temperature before use.
Some manufacturers reduce cost.
Some manufacturers reduce production cost.
Some manufacturers refuse to respond.
Some manufacturers regularly test beyond that limit into the millions of cycles.
Some manufacturers rely on outside suppliers for the membranes used in their vacuum cups.
Some manufacturers report a long-term problem in hiring people with a strong electronics background.
Some manufacturers report price drops for general and some specialty grades of steel.
Some manufacturers require driver software installed prior to physical modem installation.
Some manufacturers require literally no scheduled maintenance.
Some manufacturers require that the consumer pay for all labor and repair expenses.
Some manufacturers reserve the right to do just that.
Some manufacturers resort to molded wood compositions to imitate real carving.
Some manufacturers restrict or forbid sales of their products via the internet.
Some manufacturers restrict or forbid shipping of their products.
Some manufacturers restrict our publishing discounted prices on the Internet.
Some manufacturers restrict the content of their games.
Some manufacturers run their own arbitration programs.
Some manufacturers save money and space by putting balanced signals on three-conductor phone jacks.
Some manufacturers say that optimal results can only be achieved with their consumables.
Some manufacturers say they are committed to leasing.
Some manufacturers say to unplug their products every time lightning threatens.
Some manufacturers seem reluctant to make such changes.
Some manufacturers sell cleaning products specially made for their finishes.
Some manufacturers sell directly, but more often they sell through one or more distributors.
Some manufacturers sell floats designed to withstand the increased pressure.
Some manufacturers sell fountains.
Some manufacturers sell pet fountains.
Some manufacturers sell replacement straps for secondhand highchairs.
Some manufacturers sell seeds.
Some manufacturers sell single use applicators which can be handy for travel and dates.
Some manufacturers ship hazardous materials and fail to include the correct.
Some manufacturers shorten the top tube to allow for women's generally shorter torsos.
Some manufacturers simply produce knives.
Some manufacturers simply throw away large amounts of precious eyerelief by poor mount design.
Some manufacturers specify aperture grille spacing instead of dot pitch.
Some manufacturers specify aperture-grille spacing instead of dot pitch.
Some manufacturers specify camera sensitivity as that on the faceplate or sensor.
Some manufacturers sponsor intensive training sessions on their products.
Some manufacturers stamp the accuracy right on their levels.
Some manufacturers state the pH only for certain percentage solutions, after dilution.
Some manufacturers still continue to use old equipment and imported cans have no regulations.
Some manufacturers still distribute animal glues.
Some manufacturers suggest their batteries be equalized monthly.
Some manufacturers suggest using a sawing, rocking motion.
Some manufacturers suggest vibration to eliminate voids.
Some manufacturers supply correction programs on their home pages.
Some manufacturers supply down equipment with mesh or cotton hanging bags, which are ideal.
Some manufacturers take care.
Some manufacturers talk of someday allowing users to select from six or eight popular ciphers.
Some manufacturers tell their dealers to sell right at list price.
Some manufacturers test specific computer models for use in a networked setting.
Some manufacturers track is too narrow in gauge.
Some manufacturers treat the potatoes with chemicals to improve the color of the final product.
Some manufacturers try to reach both markets with garments that can be cleaned by either method.
Some manufacturers use a flannel cotton lining or other fuzzy lining.
Some manufacturers use a zig-zag spring.
Some manufacturers use both methods to increase the efficiency and reduce preheat energy loss.
Some manufacturers use cartilage powders and claim that their products have chondroitin.
Some manufacturers use chemicals.
Some manufacturers use countersunk screws.
Some manufacturers use designations to distinguish their products which they claim as trademarks.
Some manufacturers use different tones on specific sub-channels.
Some manufacturers use engines.
Some manufacturers use extranets to streamline their selling channels.
Some manufacturers use friction.
Some manufacturers use gravity.
Some manufacturers use HFCs instead.
Some manufacturers use highly toxic poisons to kill any mildew that comes into contact with it.
Some manufacturers use hollow rods with a small hollow hole going through the center of the rods.
Some manufacturers use inexpensive recycled plastic, thereby compromising tube performance.
Some manufacturers use Julian dates or encrypted codes.
Some manufacturers use juniper.
Some manufacturers use less desirable parts of the plant.
Some manufacturers use low voltage to control the system, others use line voltage.
Some manufacturers use materials as a marketing device to differentiate themselves from competitors.
Some manufacturers use one millisecond.
Some manufacturers use plastic and others natural materials like leather and sheepskin.
Some manufacturers use rolls of pink cushion material.
Some manufacturers use smooth walled steel or molded fiberglass.
Some manufacturers use steel.
Some manufacturers use the gluten-free symbol on their label.
Some manufacturers use the parking light bulb for the daytime running lights.
Some manufacturers use the same motherboards from model to model.
Some manufacturers use the term rate or pre-act instead of derivative.
Some manufacturers use triple-pane glass.
Some manufacturers use various chips so there are listed more than one in the table.
Some manufacturers use western juniper.
Some manufacturers use wheat that has had the gluten removed to make gluten free foods.
Some manufacturers veer slightly from that standard.
Some manufacturers work informally with their resellers to offer such services.
Some manufacturers write it on their sewing machines as a selling feature.
Manufacturers representatives are here to answer all questions about their product line.
Manufacturing companies add value to materials for customers.
Manufacturing companies are business.
Manufacturing companies are considerably more pessimistic.
Manufacturing companies are producers.
Manufacturing companies are quite strong here.
Manufacturing companies can use the Internet for direct access to material vendors' inventories.
Manufacturing companies continue to report higher stocks of finished products.
Manufacturing companies have special tax, accounting and financing needs.
Manufacturing companies keep an inventory of items needed in production.
Manufacturing companies throw away billions of tons of usable materials each year.
Every manufacturing company has inventory, even job shops that purchase material for each job.
Many manufacturing companies use our financial systems and accounting systems.
Most manufacturing companies have no quick method of disposing of their machinery.
Manufacturing cost depends on manufacturing complexity.
Manufacturing cost is identical to non-floating bars.
Manufacturing cost is low for small or large quantities.
Manufacturing cost is only one part of the cost of a product.
Manufacturing costs are high.
Manufacturing costs are much lower, and a single design can satisfy all languages in all markets.
Manufacturing costs are negligible and distribution is more about marketing than transportation.
Manufacturing costs associated with technology become cheaper and cheaper with time.
Manufacturing defects are infrequent, but they do occur.
Manufacturing defects can result in action against the producer.
Manufacturing defects do happen and they show up very early on.
Manufacturing defects occur during the manufacture of a product.
Manufacturing defects occur in many ways.
Manufacturing defects tend to be the single largest cause of computer hardware failure.
Manufacturing industries are relatively small and underdeveloped in Mali.
Manufacturing industries employ another third.
Manufacturing industries favor employment of engineers.
Manufacturing industries make products to sell in Canada and around the world.
Manufacturing industries make products which are sold in Canada and else where around the world.
Manufacturing industries rebound as technology slows.
Manufacturing industry concentrates on consumer goods and construction materials.
Manufacturing industry includes chemicals, brewing, wood-pulping, and tyre manufacture.
Manufacturing industry includes clothing and the assembly of electrical components for re-export.
Manufacturing industry is a significant contributor to economic development and employment creation.
Manufacturing industry is at a standstill.
Manufacturing industry is confined to timber processing.
Manufacturing industry is gone.
Manufacturing industry is small but takes advantage of locally-generated hydroelectricity.
Manufacturing industry is the mainstay here.
Manufacturing industry makes a vital contribution to the economy.
Manufacturing industry produces automobiles, electronics, cigarettes, tyres, sawn logs, and cement.
All manufacturing industries use measuring systems.
Most manufacturing industries receive technical cooperation from foreign companies.
Manufacturing licenses are available.
Manufacturing operations are efficient and provide optimal throughput.
Manufacturing operations are eligible, as are certain warehousing facilities.
Manufacturing operations play a key role in that activity.
Every manufacturing operation is unique.
A manufacturing plant is a plant
Manufacturing plant opens in Murray Hill, New Jersey.
Manufacturing plant opens in Scotland.
Manufacturing plants are on reduced schedules.
Manufacturing plants can also use air ionizers to settle electron behavior.
Manufacturing plants operate ar-ound the world, seven days a week, every week.
Manufacturing plants run around the clock.
Most manufacturing plants are computer controlled.
Most manufacturing plants have someone there who is pretty proud of what they're doing.
Manufacturing process deals directly with materials forming, cutting, shaping, planning, etc.
Manufacturing processes are particularly dependent.
Manufacturing processes are the most common causes of residual stress.
Manufacturing processes can mature in a similar manner.
Manufacturing processes differ by manufacturer.
Manufacturing processes use up raw materials and create pollution.
All manufacturing processes operate with environmental consequences.
Any manufacturing process starts with raw material.
Many manufacturing processes call for visual inspection of work done by machines.
Many manufacturing processes involve the addition, removal or control of heat energy.
Some manufacturing processes affect properties in an undesirable way.
Manufacturing sector accounts for one-third of county employment.
Manufacturing sectors show declining customer satisfaction as well.
A manufacturing is a creation
Manufacturing abroad can also have potential problems as well.
Manufacturing accounts for a fifth of the GDP and employs a fifth of the labour force.
Manufacturing accounts for approximately half of the value of merchandise exports.
Manufacturing accounts for roughly one-fifth of all employment in Toledo metropolitan region.
Manufacturing accounts for ten percent of total employment.
Manufacturing actively recruits candidates who have strong technical and interpersonal skills.
Manufacturing adds value to materials because it increases their usefulness.
Manufacturing adds valueto materials because it increases their usefulness.
Manufacturing allows rapid market entry.
Manufacturing also has to face the realities of the new business era.
Manufacturing also is underrepresented in Coos County.
Manufacturing also makes smaller, but significant, contributions to labor and capital investment.
Manufacturing also provides an important source of foreign exchange.
Manufacturing also provides roughly a quarter of all rural earnings.
Manufacturing also supports other industries.
Manufacturing also tends to be an early indicator of the economy's overall direction.
Manufacturing are good jobs.
Manufacturing are making.
Manufacturing are progressings.
Manufacturing begins with raw ceramic powder and ends with completed hermetic seals.
Manufacturing builds information infrastructure for e-commerce excellence.
Manufacturing can do just so much to manage dimensional variability.
Manufacturing can often lead to bottlenecks resulting in loss of precious time and money.
Manufacturing can take place quickly, under rigorous quality control.
Manufacturing comprises an important part of the north central Massachusetts economy.
Manufacturing comprises one-fifth of the U.S. economy.
Manufacturing conforms to the strictest quality standards.
Manufacturing consists mainly of cigarettes, cigars, and furniture.
Manufacturing consists of Durable and Nondurable goods.
Manufacturing constitutes a bigger share of Wisconsin's economy than it does nationally.
Manufacturing continues as the largest employment sector in the New River Valley.
Manufacturing continues to be a soft spot in the South Carolina economy.
Manufacturing continues to be the main source of employment in Yorkshire.
Manufacturing continues to bear the brunt of the slowdown .
Manufacturing continues to matter, but the strategic problem of production is changed for companies.
Manufacturing continues to play a major role in Frederick County's economy.
Manufacturing continues to prove more profitable than wholesale and retail distribution.
Manufacturing continues to weigh on the economy.
Manufacturing continues to witness productivity gains, while the rest of the economy crawls along.
Manufacturing controls infrastructure and tool sets remain fragmented along sector lines.
Manufacturing depends largely on the development of skills and equipment.
Manufacturing dominates the economic export-led growth.
Manufacturing dominates the economy, followed by agriculture.
Manufacturing dominates the local economy.
Manufacturing drives some changes.
Manufacturing employs about one-fifth of the metropolitan area's workers.
Manufacturing employs about one-fifth of the total work force.
Manufacturing employs an even greater number of area workers.
Manufacturing features a number of agroprocessing factories.
Manufacturing Find out about our CD pressing services here.
Manufacturing focuses mainly on the processing of agricultural products.
Manufacturing forms the largest single component of Malaysia's economy.
Manufacturing generate items with irregular surface profiles.
Manufacturing grows as people demand more manufactured goods.
Manufacturing happens in plants elsewhere.
Manufacturing has a major importance in most advanced economies.
Manufacturing has a mixture of both continuous process and contract basis operations.
Manufacturing has project responsibility for all production jobs.
Manufacturing has to do something.
Manufacturing holds the void size to a tight range.
Manufacturing includes a variety of high technology equipment, machinery, and chemicals.
Manufacturing includes aircraft and other industries.
Manufacturing Includes all buildings and structures at manufacturing sites.
Manufacturing includes automotive equipment and parts, food products and chemicals.
Manufacturing includes bakery and chemical equipment, silicon, graphite, plastic and metal products.
Manufacturing includes chemicals, steel, machinery, and textiles.
Manufacturing includes food canning.
Manufacturing includes food processing and aircraft production.
Manufacturing includes food processing.
Manufacturing includes food products, steel, and electronic equipment.
Manufacturing includes iron, steel, glass and chemicals.
Manufacturing includes machinery for industry and food service, as well as wood products.
Manufacturing includes meat packing, fish freezing, and the production of soft drinks and furniture.
Manufacturing includes ship building, textiles, forestry and chemicals.
Manufacturing includes textiles and processed foods.
Manufacturing includes textiles, clothing, furniture, timber production and chemicals.
Manufacturing includes the activities of both manufacturers and processors for hire.
Manufacturing is a big part of the local economy .
Manufacturing is a big part of the local economy.
Manufacturing is a classic case of the change in Wyoming's economy.
Manufacturing is a company with a legacy that spans a century and a half.
Manufacturing is a fabrication and assembly operation.
Manufacturing is a key focus area.
Manufacturing is a key industrial sector and truly a cornerstone for economic growth.
Manufacturing is a leading manufacturer of scaffolding and drywall carts.
Manufacturing is a major employer, producing a range of goods from computer chips to teddy bears.
Manufacturing is a nations core competency.
Manufacturing is a significant sub-sector of industry.
Manufacturing is a source of regional divergence.
Manufacturing is a strategic capability that can be similarly leveraged.
Manufacturing is a sunset industry in the west.
Manufacturing is a team activity.
Manufacturing is a tough business, and a valuable one.
Manufacturing is alive and well.
Manufacturing is all about producing quality goods to meet customer needs at an acceptable cost.
Manufacturing is already in recession because of the widening of the U.S. trade gap.
Manufacturing is also a significant and valued part of our community.
Manufacturing is also an integral part of today's economy.
Manufacturing is also important to the city's economy.
Manufacturing is also one of the key pillars of the economy.
Manufacturing is an applied discipline.
Manufacturing is another area that is seeing a lot of wireless activity.
Manufacturing is another strong economic force to the city.
Manufacturing is anything but a stable definition itself though.
Manufacturing is at a dead end here.
Manufacturing is back to high gear now.
Manufacturing is based in Montreal, Quebec.
Manufacturing is based on metal, mechanical engineering, chemical and timber processing industries.
Manufacturing is based on the processing of indigenous primary products and imported raw materials.
Manufacturing is both increasingly fast-paced and internationally competitive.
Manufacturing is by far the largest of the goods-producing industries in terms of employment.
Manufacturing is carried out and checked to extreme tolerances.
Manufacturing is centered at various production facilities around the globe.
Manufacturing is centered on heavy industry, with light industry lagging far behind.
Manufacturing is clearly different in nature from the design oriented areas discussed so far.
Manufacturing is composed of both durable and nondurable goods segments.
Manufacturing is concentrated in food processing, textiles, vehicles and chemicals.
Manufacturing is concentrated in processed foods, chemicals, metal products, machinery and textiles.
Manufacturing is concentrated in the iron, steel and engineering industries.
Manufacturing is conducted in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Manufacturing is conducted with stringent quality control measures to ensure accurate performance.
Manufacturing is confined largely to agricultural and forestry products and to basic consumer goods.
Manufacturing is confined largely to agricultural and forestry products.
Manufacturing is confined to small textile concerns.
Manufacturing is contracted out to companies on the West Coast and the Far East.
Manufacturing is controlled by strict quality control standards.
Manufacturing is currently in full swing.
Manufacturing is dependent on petroleum and other mineral refineries.
Manufacturing is difficult in the United States.
Manufacturing is dominated by agro-industrial activities.
Manufacturing is dominated by textile production.
Manufacturing is done by qualified partners from the local mechanical industry.
Manufacturing is done in the area.
Manufacturing is done internally as well.
Manufacturing is done on contract by a company in Reno.
Manufacturing is done under strict physical security and security accounting.
Manufacturing is down and cheap Chinese imports have crushed small industry.
Manufacturing is down to almost nil.
Manufacturing is driven by the marketplace.
Manufacturing is encouraged.
Manufacturing is engineering's customer.
Manufacturing is environmentally friendly and requires very little energy use.
Manufacturing is for the dregs of the world.
Manufacturing is geared mainly to the processing of agricultural products.
Manufacturing is generally a basic activity that can generate the basic wealth of a community.
Manufacturing is generally strong in Chicago.
Manufacturing is hard work.
Manufacturing is held to strict standards and inventory maintained at various strategic locations.
Manufacturing is important but it is the land-based products and services that are the real key.
Manufacturing is important to Connecticut.
Manufacturing is important to Minnesota's economy.
Manufacturing is important to the city's economy.
Manufacturing is important to the economy.
Manufacturing is important.
Manufacturing is in a recession.
Manufacturing is in a serious recession.
Manufacturing is in a steep decline.
Manufacturing is in Italy, Eastern Europe, China, Taiwan and Indonesia.
Manufacturing is largely devoted to consumer goods.
Manufacturing is led by the textile industry, followed by toys and electronics.
Manufacturing is less important to the economy today.
Manufacturing is less important.
Manufacturing is likely to exhibit robust growth as cotton manufactures continue to expand.
Manufacturing is likely to feel the slowdown in growth the most.
Manufacturing is limited to providing small goods for internal consumption.
Manufacturing is limited to the mainland processing of timber and a water-bottling plant at Bata.
Manufacturing is limited to the processing of raw materials and production of basic goods.
Manufacturing is limited, and the formal labor sector consequently also is limited.
Manufacturing is limited, with most foodstuffs and general goods imported from elsewhere.
Manufacturing is little developed.
Manufacturing is located in the USA, Germany, Italy and China.
Manufacturing is more efficient in single level factories as opposed to multi-level factories.
Manufacturing is more efficient, resulting in lower production costs and competitive pricing.
Manufacturing is much less profitable than designing, marketing and selling networking kit.
Manufacturing is no longer the basis of the economies of developed nations.
Manufacturing is non-existent and the farms are small.
Manufacturing is now an international endeavor.
Manufacturing is now the backbone of China's economy.
Manufacturing is offered only on-line.
Manufacturing is on a relatively small scale.
Manufacturing is on the rise.
Manufacturing is one major areas of employment.
Manufacturing is one of the fastest growing sectors in the Newfoundland and Labrador economy.
Manufacturing is only a small part of Wyoming's economy.
Manufacturing is only a small part, mainly foreign owned.
Manufacturing is only part of the story.
Manufacturing is peculiar to man.
Manufacturing is poor.
Manufacturing is primarily of a low wage type, such as textiles, apparel, and forest products.
Manufacturing is provided by a complete machine shop, prosthetics laboratory, and electronics shop.
Manufacturing is relatively easy to control.
Manufacturing is restricted at the residence.
Manufacturing is still the largest sector in the state's economy.
Manufacturing is subcontracted.
Manufacturing is the engine room of the emerging economy.
Manufacturing is the engine that drives our state economy.
Manufacturing is the firm's largest commercial market.
Manufacturing is the greatest source of industrial hazardous wastes in Sydney.
Manufacturing is the largest end user of chemical products.
Manufacturing is the largest goods-producing economic sector.
Manufacturing is the largest part of the economy.
Manufacturing is the largest source of employment.
Manufacturing is the last step in the automated production system.
Manufacturing is the leading vertical market for SANs, followed by government.
Manufacturing is the making or processing of products.
Manufacturing is the principal economic activity, as measured by employee earnings.
Manufacturing is the principal economic sector, as measured by employee earnings.
Manufacturing is the principal source of income today.
Manufacturing is the process of converting raw materials into products.
Manufacturing is the second largest foreign exchange earner.
Manufacturing is the sector where it is easiest to measure productivity.
Manufacturing is the state's third largest industry.
Manufacturing is the up and coming hope for the future.
Manufacturing is very different than a year ago.
Manufacturing is vital to a healthy economy.
Manufacturing is vital to Oklahoma.
Manufacturing is vulnerable to a shortage of parts.
Manufacturing is where the action is.
Manufacturing is where the lion's share of the value-added is realized.
Manufacturing is, by definition, multidisciplinary.
Manufacturing is, overall, a net job loser.
Manufacturing leads the economy in Dayton.
Manufacturing lies at the heart of old Japan.
Manufacturing link the barb products value.
Manufacturing makes up an increasing proportion of the Mexican economy.
Manufacturing makes up only a small part of Wyoming's economy.
Manufacturing means making things.
Manufacturing now accounts for only a fifth of the British economy.
Manufacturing occupies the attention of the majority.
Manufacturing offers a rich variety of careers to any student who has a strong technical background.
Manufacturing offers little long-term promise in a world that is shrinking technologically.
Manufacturing offers tremendous spin-off benefits bringing new money into our local economy.
Manufacturing plays a relatively smaller role in the economy.
Manufacturing produces a range of items, from machinery and crude steel to compouters and watches.
Manufacturing produces automobiles and submarines.
Manufacturing produces wealth.
Manufacturing provides a small but growing source of employment and income.
Manufacturing Provides brief profiles of industries.
Manufacturing provides good, high-paying jobs needed for economic growth.
Manufacturing really runs well.
Manufacturing refers to both production and production support.
Manufacturing relies on complex, distributed supply web.
Manufacturing remains a core component, but most of the job growth has occurred in services.
Manufacturing remains by far the hardest hit sector.
Manufacturing remains in a deep slump.
Manufacturing remains limited.
Manufacturing remains on the decline in most districts, though a few noted some improvement.
Manufacturing remains one of the main contributors to the local economy.
Manufacturing remains strong.
Manufacturing remains the leading sector in international business.
Manufacturing represents just six percent.
Manufacturing requires a mask for each different horizontal cross section of a design.
Manufacturing says they are well made.
Manufacturing seems to be of interest to many people.
Manufacturing serves as a good illustration.
Manufacturing shows moderate growth.
Manufacturing stands at the center of the industrial supply chain.
Manufacturing still forms the backbone of investment, most of it garments.
Manufacturing still matters.
Manufacturing takes about three days to complete the process.
Manufacturing takes place in the U.S., Germany , and India .
Manufacturing takes place under strictly controlled conditions with complete traceability.
Manufacturing thus offers new opportunities for exploiting goat meat.
Manufacturing traditionally has a lot of friction in information flow.
Manufacturing transforms raw materials into a finished product.
Manufacturing typically pays higher wages than services, wholesale, retail etc.
Manufacturing typically pays wages that are above the state average.
Manufacturing workplaces Workplaces with manual material handling operations.
Manufacturing always introduces some imperfections that degrade the performance of a lens.
Manufacturing always seeks to maximize productivity and quality at the lowest possible cost.
All manufacturing depends upon intervention and reorganization of nature.
All manufacturing is computer controlled and routine laboratory analyses are available upon request.
All manufacturing is done in-house to maintain high levels of quality control.
All manufacturing is done in-house.
All manufacturing is done on our premises by skilled personnel.
All manufacturing is done on-site.
All manufacturing is repetitive.
All manufacturing is vendor-based outside the United States.
All manufacturing meets strict quality assurance requirements.
All manufacturing occurs at our factory in Charlestown, Massachusetts.
Most manufacturing also takes place in Japan.
Most manufacturing is concentrated around the capital.
Some manufacturing also exists.
Some manufacturing takes place in guarded camps.
Manuka honey has the highest anti-bacterial compound composition.
Manuka honey is another effective treatment for ulcers.
Manuka honey is produced in New Zealand by bees that pollinate the native manuka bush.
Manuka honey is said to be the best.
Manuls live on the rocky plateaus and riverbanks of Central Asia.
A manumission is a release
Manumission is considered a meritorious act.
Manumission is the release from slavery or servitude.
Manure disposal can be a critical issue for some feedlots.
Manure disposal can present a serious management problem on farms producing livestock.
Manure disposal is a major problem for all animal industries worldwide.
Manure distribution is influenced by water sites, shade, and topography.
Manure management is a growing concern for owners of horse properties.
Manure management is a very important to the farmer.
Manure management is also a critical part of our operation.
Manure management is also important to decrease insect populations.
Manure management is crucial for all farms.
Manure management is most important for house fly reduction.
Manure management is the needed activity at the end of the production process.
Manure spreaders are heavy.
Manure tea is a partially decomposed, liquid mixture of animal manure and water.
Manure tea is another good food additive for the rose beds.
Manure tea is used to give plants a boost just before they start to bloom.
Manure teas are simple to make and are used all over the world.
Manure treatment requires a more complete analysis of solid content compared to land application.
Manure utilization is part of the environmental efforts.
Manure worms adapt to different environments.
Manure worms adapt to environments.
Manure worms adapt to many different environments.
Manure adds nutrients.
Manure aerates the soil and helps it absorb and cling to water.
Manure also consumes large quantities of oxygen as it decomposes.
Manure also degrades salmon habitat.
Manure also feeds the earthworms which are important for soil aeration.
Manure also harms salmon habitat.
Manure also improves biological activity, soil tilth, and soil chemical properties.
Manure also promotes common scab on new tubers.
Manure also supplies humus which helps the soil hold water.
Manure can also be a source of organic matter.
Manure can also cause nuisance problems, such as odors and pests.
Manure can be a source of nitrogen, phosphorus, salts, and bacteria.
Manure can be an excellent and valuable substitute for commercial fertilizer.
Manure can be part of a complete nutrient management plan.
Manure can contribute a variety of nutrients and bacteria.
Manure can contribute nutrients and disease-causing organisms to both surface water and groundwater.
Manure can encourage iris soft rot.
Manure can help make it more palatable.
Manure can play a part in meeting soybean nutrient needs.
Manure can pollute drinking and surface water with nitrates, parasites, bacteria and viruses.
Manure can then contaminate a water source.
Manure can vary from a lot of straw with a little ordure, to a lot of ordure with a little straw.
Manure carries with it other substances that are used on industrial farms.
Manure causes increases of microbial predators, while decreasing the abundance of plant parasites.
Manure comes from a bull.
Manure comes from cattle.
Manure contains almost all.
Manure contains an appreciable amount of nitrogen.
Manure contains nitrogen in several forms.
Manure contains nitrogen which helps with the composting of plant wastes.
Manure contains nitrogen, phosphorus, inorganic salts, organic solids and microorganisms.
Manure contains pathogens, which can cause intestinal problems.
Manure contains residues.
Manure contains seeds.
Manure contains the same nutrients.
Manure contains valuable organic materials and nutrients crucial to the health of soil and crops.
Manure contains zinc.
Manure decreases the oxygen in the water and as a result, the fish suffocate.
Manure does add some nutrition as well as organic matter.
Manure emits various gases, particularly ammonia into the air.
Manure enters the impeller either by gravity or by auger in the spreader.
Manure even has small amounts of plant nutrients.
Manure exits slightly above the soil surface through the supply tube between the disks.
Manure fertilizes the fields upon which cows graze.
Manure flows out the bottom of the storage through a large diameter pipe and into the pump.
Manure fumes and rotting carcasses cause poultry workers to wear gas masks.
Manure gases all behave differently and interact in unpredictable ways.
Manure handling for the brooding pen is the same as for a chicken broiler pen.
Manure has beneficial effects.
Manure has benefits.
Manure has characteristics.
Manure has effects.
Manure helps fuel the composting process when the weather warms.
Manure increases soil fertility by supplying requisite elements.
Manure increases the loading of nutrients and decreases dissolved oxygen demand.
Manure increases the soil's organic matter and improves physical structure.
Manure is a basic, old-fashioned, excellent ingredient for compost.
Manure is a combination of feces and urine.
Manure is a complete fertilizer, but low in nutrients.
Manure is a complete fertilizer, but low in the amount of nutrients it supplies.
Manure is a complete fertilizer, but low in the amounts of nutrients it can supply.
Manure is a favorite place for flies to lay their eggs.
Manure is a food source for earthworms.
Manure is a good resource.
Manure is a good, non-chemical fertilizer.
Manure is a habitat for the tetanus spore.
Manure is a locally produced source of plant nutrients.
Manure is a major by-product of dairy farms and is useful as a nutrient source for crop production.
Manure is a mixture of solids and liquid.
Manure is a natural by-product of cattle production and is a natural fertilizer.
Manure is a potential contaminant of domestic wells.
Manure is a renewable resource long exploited but barely scraped, potential-wise.
Manure is a significant source of nutrients on many farms in the Northeast.
Manure is a slow-release fertilizer.
Manure is a very good vehicle for disease transmission.
Manure is air-dried in storage.
Manure is almost a sure way to avoid minor element deficiencies.
Manure is also a non-ideal fertilizer in many ways.
Manure is also a source of bacteria that are human pathogens.
Manure is also a source of the greenhouse gas methane.
Manure is also an excellent source of plant nutrients and organic matter.
Manure is also helpful in improving soil fertility in cut areas from land leveling.
Manure is an alternative to a commercial fertilizer.
Manure is an excellent breeding site for houseflies.
Manure is an excellent source of plant nutrients.
Manure is an inevitable byproduct of livestock and poultry production.
Manure is an organic fertiliser
Manure is an organic fertilizer but plants can only use inorganic nutrients.
Manure is animal excrement, and compost is decomposed organic matter, usually from plants.
Manure is another problem.
Manure is applied at rates that exceed the P needs of the crop to be grown.
Manure is applied near the tillage tool that immediately mixes the manure into the soil.
Manure is available for free at horse stables and chicken farms.
Manure is burnable.
Manure is by far the most important organic fertilizer.
Manure is collected and recycled on to crops.
Manure is collected and stored in different forms.
Manure is collected daily and added to one end of the trough.
Manure is collected daily from the barn by means of a tractor scraper.
Manure is collected in under-barn pull plug pits.
Manure is collected on belts under the cages and usually is in the chicken house about two days.
Manure is comprised of undigested food, digestive juices, and bacteria.
Manure is cow poop.
Manure is easier to handle scraped up as a solid than as a sludge or liquid from a storage pond.
Manure is everywhere.
Manure is fecal matter.
Manure is fertilizer.
Manure is fresh animal feces.
Manure is fresh fecal material.
Manure is green-black.
Manure is handled by a wide variety of schemes.
Manure is hand-scraped as needed to an area of slats.
Manure is highly variable from animal to animal and it changes moment to moment over time.
Manure is kept moving down one side of the channel and back the other.
Manure is located in zoos.
Manure is most valuable when it is returned to the soil.
Manure is organics.
Manure is out of the question, except on the farm where lawn soils are usually best.
Manure is perfect breeding medium for flies.
Manure is produced by animals.
Manure is produced by livestock.
Manure is removed daily.
Manure is removed from the long-term storage in various degrees of concentration.
Manure is removed from the waste stream through composting.
Manure is rich in nutrients and is often used as a fertilizer.
Manure is scraped from the lot and piled at the top of a hill within the lot.
Manure is scraped periodically from feedlot and spread on cropland.
Manure is scraped to a slatted area just outside the pens.
Manure is simplest cure.
Manure is spread on cultivated land mainly as a way of disposing of farm animal waste.
Manure is spread on the fields because it is a very rich source of nutrients and organic matter.
Manure is stacked or composted before being spread on pastures and hay land.
Manure is taken off the property twice a week.
Manure is the main waste product from the pig and poultry industries.
Manure is the major source of infection, often through contaminated soil and water.
Manure is the primary means through which parasites are spread.
Manure is the principal food of many insects in nature, especially larval flies.
Manure is the single largest soil amendment added to Wisconsin crops annually.
Manure is the source of infection.
Manure is the usual supplier of nitrogen.
Manure is to be incorporated three days after application.
Manure is to be placed in designated receptacles only, No cleaning of trailers in the parking lots.
Manure is unpopular stuff, even with farmers.
Manure is unsanitary and breeds flies.
Manure is usually surface-applied without incorporation.
Manure isa fertilizer.
Manure produces nitrous oxide and methane - both potent greenhouse gases.
Manure provides numerous soil benefits.
Manure provides nutrition, and charcoal improves drainage.
Manure speeds up and enriches the development of compost.
Manure spills and over-application of manure on land are sources of water pollution.
Manure spreading is a common method of adding organic matter to agricultural land.
Manure supplies part of the needed soil nutrients and provides added organic matter.
Manure tops the list of dilemmas for horse owners.
Manure undergoes anaerobic fermentation.
Manure undergoes digestive fermentation.
Manure undergoes fermentation.
Manure washes into watersheds after heavy rainfall.
Manures also provide most trace elements.
Manures are available from dairy farms, riding stables, poultry farms and mink ranches.
Manures are good soil conditioners.
Manures are rich sources of bacteria, phosphates, and nitrates.
Manures are the original slow-release nitrogen fertilizer.
Manures are usually less expensive than other animal by-products.
Manures produced by fish in a polyculture pond immediately enter a detritus food chain.
Manures vary in nutrient content according to the animal source and what the animal has been eating.
Manures vary widely in their nutritional status.
All manure is spread on cropland for fertilizer.
All manure is stored on a cement pad and eaves troughs direct rainwater away from their barn yard.
All manure is suspect.
All manure is to be dumped only in a designated area.
All manures are excellent.
Most manure adds nutrients.
Most manure comes from cattle.
Most manure contains residues.
Most manure contains seeds.
Most manure contains zinc.
Most manure has beneficial effects.
Most manure has benefits.
Most manure has characteristics.
Most manure has effects.
Most manure is produced by animals.
Most manure is produced by livestock.
Most manure is spread within a five-minute radius of the barn.
Most manure is used in land application.
Some manure also contains traces of hormones, heavy metals, or antibiotics.
Some manure causes pollution problems.
Some manure causes problems.
Some manure causes significant pollution problems.
Some manure causes significant problems.
Some manure comes from goats.
Some manure contains nitrogen.
Some manure contains nutrients.
Some manure derives from animals.
Some manure emits gases.
Some manure encourages growth.
Some manure encourages vegetative growth.
Some manure has ability.
Some manure includes age manure.
Some manure includes manure.
Some manure is produced by earthworms.
Some manure is produced by humans.
Some manure provides nutrition.
Some manure replaces straw.
Manuscript format is the most trivial and easily learned aspect of writing.
Manuscript illuminations take many forms.
Manuscript inventory allows searching by incipit.
Manuscript writing continues.
Manuscript writing is reviewed also.
Manuscript covers, graphics, binding materials page charges, etc.
Manuscript demonstrates depth of knowledge and presents ideas in a new way.
Manuscript is a writing
Manuscript is autographs.
Manuscript is books.
Manuscript is consistent with the purpose of the journal.
Manuscript is handwritten.
Manuscript is in preparation for inclusion in peer-reviewed conference proceedings.
Manuscript is in progress.
Manuscript is in review.
Manuscript is on fine quality watermarked paper.
Manuscript is over half complete.
Manuscript is required.
Manuscript is returned .
Manuscript is under contract.
Manuscript is writing.
Manuscript is written on hideously yellow paper.
Manuscript lacks neatness, order, and care in proofreading.
Manuscript lyrics for songs.
Manuscript notes on end papers.
Manuscript notes on inside back cover.
Manuscript notes throughout.
Manuscript requirements All copy .
Manuscript requires a delivery outline.
Manuscript review only after completing and submitting the Dandelion Books Submission Form .
Manuscript score with sketches, in pencil and ink.
Manuscripts accompanied by publishable photos receive higher payment.
Manuscripts addressing alternative approaches to counteracting obstacles to development are welcome.
Manuscripts appear in their entirety with all figures, tables and references.
Manuscripts appear on-line almost immediately, often without peer review.
Manuscripts are also subject to copyediting.
Manuscripts are also subject to peer review.
Manuscripts are as defined in the general manuscript policy statement.
Manuscripts are available for downloading and viewing.
Manuscripts are blind reviewed by at least two qualified readers.
Manuscripts are blind reviewed, usually by at least two consulting editors and an executive editor.
Manuscripts are blind reviewed.
Manuscripts are currently in preparation.
Manuscripts are descriptive or primarily methodological in nature.
Manuscripts are double-sided and include binding and cover.
Manuscripts are due at or before the time of presentation.
Manuscripts are due in the fall.
Manuscripts are for the most part written on skin, parchment , or vellum.
Manuscripts are for the most part written on skin, parchment, or vellum.
Manuscripts are hand-written copies of Scripture before the invention of the printing press.
Manuscripts are in English.
Manuscripts are in preparation for submission to various journals.
Manuscripts are limited to four pages, including illustrations.
Manuscripts are limited to three printed pages.
Manuscripts are mandatory.
Manuscripts are normally subject to the assessments of reviewers and the editor.
Manuscripts are on the left - early printed editions on the right.
Manuscripts are peer-reviewed and the editor reserves the right to edit all copy.
Manuscripts are peer-reviewed.
Manuscripts are prepared and presentations before national organizations are encouraged.
Manuscripts are primarily in English, with some in Latin and French.
Manuscripts are rare and valuable items that can only be consulted in one place.
Manuscripts are subject to a blind review process.
Manuscripts are subject to additional copyediting up to publication.
Manuscripts are subject to editing and rewriting prior to publication.
Manuscripts are subject to editorial modification.
Manuscripts are subject to external review before a final judgement on publication is made.
Manuscripts are subject to external review.
Manuscripts are subject to further critical review by any reader of the electronic journal.
Manuscripts are subject to peer review and are read by at least two referees.
Manuscripts are subject to peer review by at least two reviewers with relevant expertise.
Manuscripts are subject to peer review.
Manuscripts are subject to review by experts in the field.
Manuscripts are subject to review by qualified referees.
Manuscripts are subject to review by two readers.
Manuscripts are subject to rigorous editing.
Manuscripts are subject to the usual review process.
Manuscripts are to be double-spaced with one inch margins on all sides.
Manuscripts are to be handed in at the registration on the first day of the conference.
Manuscripts are to be no longer than six to seven published journal pages.
Manuscripts are to be prepared according to the current practice.
Manuscripts are to be submitted as word-processed computer files.
Manuscripts are to be submitted in a readable form as an attachment.
Manuscripts are to be submitted in duplicate.
Manuscripts are to be submitted in quadruplicate.
Manuscripts are to be submitted in their final form.
Manuscripts are to be submitted in triplicate.
Manuscripts are unique items.
Manuscripts are usually alphabetized first by country, then city, then library, then call number.
Manuscripts are welcome for review and are frequently published if appropriate.
Manuscripts are welcome from all countries.
Manuscripts are welcome to be submitted at any time.
Manuscripts are welcome.
Manuscripts arrive at the organizers.
Manuscripts based on gnotobiotic research are particularly welcome.
Manuscripts based on papers presented at meetings are welcome.
Manuscripts based on research are welcome, if written for the practitioner.
Manuscripts can address theoretical development, philosophic issues, or research reports.
Manuscripts can also include scientific papers, genealogical records, memorabilia, and much more.
Manuscripts can also report progress and limitations associated with technology in counseling.
Manuscripts can contain HTML-tags, suited for display in popular Web browsers.
Manuscripts can vary from a few hundred words to several thousand.
Manuscripts containing valuable data obtained in field work are also acceptable.
Manuscripts convey new technical information and are of interest to researchers and practitioners.
Manuscripts dealing with the War of Independence are equally rich.
Manuscripts focus on technology education research, philosophy, and theory.
Manuscripts focus on technology education research, theory, and practice.
Manuscripts focusing on management in sport, exercise, dance, and play settings are appropriate.
Manuscripts Follow conventional styles or that required by the relevant archival authority.
Manuscripts generally following the outline are acceptable substitutes.
Manuscripts generated by a laser printer are preferred.
Manuscripts have to be submitted in triplicate.
Manuscripts have to be written in English.
Manuscripts having a strong interdisciplinary methodology are especially welcome.
Manuscripts is the list and links to publications by lab members.
Manuscripts listed do include locations.
Manuscripts present original work with a strong conceptual background.
Manuscripts receive external peer review.
Manuscripts remain on the site until notice is received that they have been published in print.
Manuscripts requiring keyboarding are double-keyed to ensure accuracy.
Manuscripts rotate between the museums every two months.
Manuscripts routinely undergo peer review.
Manuscripts serve as mnemonic devices.
Manuscripts undergo a double-blind, peer review.
Manuscripts undergo blind review and are accepted throughout the year.
Manuscripts written in correct English require less time for review and publication.
Manuscripts written on a word processor are also acceptable.
Manuscripts usually require from one to four months before a decision can be made.
All manuscript copy, including references, is to be typed in upper and lower case letters.
All manuscripts accepted are subject to editorial modification.
All manuscripts accepted for publication are subject to copyediting.
All manuscripts accepted for publication are subject to manuscript editing.
All manuscripts agree.
All manuscripts are available in the Manuscript Reading Room .
All manuscripts are blind reviewed.
All manuscripts are blind-reviewed by a minimum of two or more referees.
All manuscripts are double-blind refereed before acceptance.
All manuscripts are due at the beginning of the lab period.
All manuscripts are due eight weeks preceding publication month.
All manuscripts are peer-reviewed electronically.
All manuscripts are peer-reviewed.
All manuscripts are privileged communication.
All manuscripts are refereed through a peer-review process.
All manuscripts are subject to anonymous review by four or more independent sources.
All manuscripts are subject to at least three independent reviews.
All manuscripts are subject to at least two colleague reviews.
All manuscripts are subject to blind peer review and to the editorial discretion of the editors.
All manuscripts are subject to careful peer review.
All manuscripts are subject to copy editing.
All manuscripts are subject to copy-editing.
All manuscripts are subject to copyediting.
All manuscripts are subject to critical review by an anonymous reviewer.
All manuscripts are subject to editing for correctness, clarity, and length.
All manuscripts are subject to editing for sexist language.
All manuscripts are subject to editing.
All manuscripts are subject to editorial modification.
All manuscripts are subject to editorial peer review.
All manuscripts are subject to editorial review.
All manuscripts are subject to editorial revision before final acceptance.
All manuscripts are subject to experts review.
All manuscripts are subject to formal peer review.
All manuscripts are subject to our usual rigorous editorial evaluation and peer review.
All manuscripts are subject to peer review and copyediting.
All manuscripts are subject to peer review by international experts.
All manuscripts are subject to peer review, and issues are abstracted and indexed annually.
All manuscripts are subject to peer review.
All manuscripts are subject to peer-review.
All manuscripts are subject to refereed peer-review.
All manuscripts are subject to review and editorial modification.
All manuscripts are subject to review by the editor and anonymous reviews by two reviewers.
All manuscripts are subject to review by two or more independent referees chosen by the editor.
All manuscripts are subject to review.
All manuscripts are subject to rigorous peer review before acceptance is considered.
All manuscripts are subject to the blind review process .
All manuscripts are subject to the same peer review as other manuscripts in the journal.
All manuscripts are to be in English.
All manuscripts are to be submitted in electronic format.
All manuscripts are to be submitted in English.
All manuscripts are to be treated confidentially.
All manuscripts are uncategorized.
All manuscripts are welcome.
All manuscripts become the permanent property of the publisher.
All manuscripts go through a formal review process.
All manuscripts read the first person plural there.
All manuscripts remain the property of the author.
Every manuscript goes through a surprising number of steps before it is published.
Every manuscript has a story to tell.
Every manuscript is reviewed with a focus on fulfilling our publishing goals.
Every manuscript meets educational requirements and adheres to biblical precepts.
Every manuscript receives individual attention and that care shows in the resulting publication.
Every manuscript requires typographic preparation.
Many manuscripts add mh pwj before oude .
Many manuscripts are fragmentary .
Many manuscripts contain later handwritten additions .
Many manuscripts contain several bibliographical units.
Many manuscripts involve factor analytic studies.
Many manuscripts use BOTH forms.
Most manuscripts accepted for publication require a rewrite to address comments made by reviewers.
Most manuscripts are freely available for research, but some are under temporary restriction.
Most manuscripts are too long.
Most manuscripts belong to the Koine or Byzantine type.
Most manuscripts fail to find an agent or a publisher.
Most manuscripts go through at least one rewrite.
Most manuscripts have some such idiosyncrasies.
Most manuscripts submitted to major publishing houses never even make it to an editor.
Some manuscripts are also available.
Some manuscripts are available as digitized images.
Some manuscripts are in private collections or retained by the author's themselves.
Some manuscripts consist of a single small fragment.
Some manuscripts do include rough drafts, final drafts, galley proofs, and page proofs.
Some manuscripts have certain words, while other manuscripts have slightly different words.
Some manuscripts have yellowing, torn pages with notes scrawled around the margins.
Some manuscripts read law.
Some manuscripts require cover illustrations or intext drawings, paintings or photographs.
Some manuscripts run much longer, some shorter.
Manx cats are domestic cats.
Manx cats are tailless.
Manx cats have no tail.
Manx cats thrive with constant interaction with their families.
Most Manx cats have short thick double coats but some longhaired cats exist as well.
Many amateur photographers take advantage.
Many amphibians adapt to life.
Many amphibians have glands.
Many amphibians have lungs.
Many amphibians have poison glands.
Many amphibians return to water.
Most many amphibians adapt to life.
Most many amphibians have glands.
Most many amphibians have lungs.
Most many amphibians have poison glands.
Most many amphibians return to water.
Some many amphibians complete development.
Some many amphibians produce urea.
Many appalachian communities develop cultural heritage.
Many appalachian communities develop heritage.
Many applications require conditions.
Many applications require environmental conditions.
Many applications require natural conditions.
Many applications require natural environmental conditions.
Most many applications require conditions.
Most many applications require environmental conditions.
Most many applications require natural conditions.
Most many applications require natural environmental conditions.
Some many applications involve electricity.
Many areas are inhabited by raccoons.
Many areas contain habitats.
Many areas contain suitable habitats.
Many areas require improvement.
Many areas require urgent improvement.
Most many areas are inhabited by raccoons.
Most many areas contain habitats.
Most many areas contain suitable habitats.
Most many areas require improvement.
Most many areas require urgent improvement.
Some many areas have malaria.
Some many areas have quality.
Some many arthropods have gills.
Some many arthropods hide in nooks.
Many aspects affect development.
Most many aspects affect development.
Many astronomers take notes.
Many astronomers use powerful telescopes.
Many astronomers use telescopes.
Most many astronomers take notes.
Most many astronomers use powerful telescopes.
Most many astronomers use telescopes.
Some many astronomers have faculty positions.
Some many astronomers have positions.
Many athletes add mass.
Many athletes compete in sports.
Many athletes compete in team sports.
Many athletes consume proteins.
Many athletes do regular workouts.
Many athletes do workouts.
Many athletes get benefits.
Many athletes have have great success.
Many athletes have have success.
Many athletes rely on fast food.
Many athletes rely on food.
Most many athletes add mass.
Most many athletes compete in sports.
Most many athletes compete in team sports.
Most many athletes do regular workouts.
Most many athletes do workouts.
Most many athletes get benefits.
Most many athletes rely on fast food.
Most many athletes rely on food.
Some many athletes use tricks.
Many atmospheric scientists work at stations.
Many atmospheric scientists work at weather stations.
Many autoimmune diseases cause inflammation.
Most many bacteria have mechanisms.
Some many bacteria carry out fermentation.
Some many bacteria cause diarrhea.
Some many bacteria cause diseases.
Some many bacteria excrete organic compounds.
Some many bacteria excrete small organic compounds.
Some many bacteria live in intestines.
Many bacteria have mechanisms.
Many benefits improve life.
Many benefits offer services.
Most many benefits improve life.
Most many benefits offer services.
Many biologists consider life.
Many biologists consider observations.
Many biologists follow tradition.
Many biologists keep diaries.
Most many biologists consider life.
Most many biologists consider observations.
Most many biologists follow tradition.
Most many biologists keep diaries.
Some many biologists argue levels.
Some many biologists argue sustainable levels.
Some many biologists dismiss theories.
Many birds come into contact.
Many birds come to feeders.
Many birds consume food.
Many birds consume insects.
Many birds eat fruit seeds.
Many birds eat fruit.
Many birds eat insects.
Many birds eat red fruit.
Many birds eat seeds.
Many birds exhibit patterns.
Many birds feed on insects.
Many birds feed on worms.
Many birds find animal food.
Many birds find food.
Many birds have backs.
Many birds have beaks.
Many birds have bills.
Many birds have feathers.
Many birds have gizzards.
Many birds have glands.
Many birds have green feathers.
Many birds have heads.
Many birds have plumages.
Many birds have salt glands.
Many birds have sides.
Many birds have trouble.
Many birds have wings.
Many birds inhabit areas.
Many birds live on seeds.
Many birds make movement.
Many birds need areas.
Many birds need large areas.
Many birds nest in cavities.
Many birds prey on animals.
Many birds roost in trees.
Many birds suffer from calcium deficiencies.
Many birds suffer from deficiencies.
Many birds use bills.
Most many birds come into contact.
Most many birds come to feeders.
Most many birds consume food.
Most many birds consume insects.
Most many birds eat fruit seeds.
Most many birds eat fruit.
Most many birds eat insects.
Most many birds eat red fruit.
Most many birds eat seeds.
Most many birds feed on insects.
Most many birds feed on worms.
Most many birds find animal food.
Most many birds find food.
Most many birds have backs.
Most many birds have beaks.
Most many birds have bills.
Most many birds have feathers.
Most many birds have gizzards.
Most many birds have glands.
Most many birds have green feathers.
Most many birds have heads.
Most many birds have plumages.
Most many birds have salt glands.
Most many birds have sides.
Most many birds have trouble.
Most many birds have wings.
Most many birds live on seeds.
Most many birds make movement.
Most many birds nest in cavities.
Most many birds prey on animals.
Most many birds roost in trees.
Most many birds suffer from calcium deficiencies.
Most many birds suffer from deficiencies.
Most many birds use bills.
Some many birds consume ferment fruit.
Some many birds consume fruit.
Some many birds defend territory.
Some many birds eat caterpillars.
Some many birds eat finches.
Some many birds eat mosquitoes.
Some many birds enjoy carrot juice.
Some many birds enjoy fresh carrot juice.
Some many birds enjoy fresh juice.
Some many birds enjoy juice.
Some many birds feed insects.
Some many birds feed on buds.
Some many birds feed on flower buds.
Some many birds get pest rodents.
Some many birds get rodents.
Some many birds have barbs.
Some many birds lose beauty.
Some many birds rely on snails.
Some many birds see monkeys.
Some many birds show impressive skills.
Some many birds show patterns.
Some many birds show skills.
Some many botanists propose theories.
Many breeders have experience.
Many breeders have real world experience.
Many breeders hold puppies.
Many breeders realize potential.
Most many breeders have experience.
Most many breeders have real world experience.
Most many breeders hold puppies.
Most many breeders realize potential.
Some many breeders raise puppies.
Some many breeders use medicine.
Many bryophytes have features.
Many bryophytes have structural features.
Many bryophytes have various features.
Many bryophytes have various structural features.
Most many bryophytes have structural features.
Most many bryophytes have various features.
Most many bryophytes have various structural features.
Many cases describe concepts.
Many cases describe physical concepts.
Many cases have causes.
Most many cases describe concepts.
Most many cases describe physical concepts.
Some many cases involve animals.
Some many cases occur in children.
Some many cats lose weight.
Many chemical reaction occurs in reductions.
Many children enter schools.
Many children experience grow pain.
Many children experience pain.
Many children have concepts.
Many children know biological fathers.
Many children know fathers.
Many children pay attention.
Many children pay close attention.
Many children read stories.
Many children receive carbohydrates.
Many children to attend schools.
Many children to express emotion.
Most many children enter schools.
Most many children have concepts.
Most many children know biological fathers.
Most many children know fathers.
Most many children pay attention.
Most many children pay close attention.
Most many children read stories.
Most many children receive carbohydrates.
Some many children develop diabetes.
Some many children die before ages.
Some many children ensure security.
Some many children have trouble.
Some many children lose weight.
Some many children participate in sports.
Some many children require invasive procedures.
Some many children require procedures.
Some many children use vitamins.
Many citizens post photos.
Many citizens recall experience.
Many citizens recall personal experience.
Most many citizens recall experience.
Most many citizens recall personal experience.
Some many citizens die from cigarette smoke.
Some many citizens die from smoke.
Some many citizens enjoy presence.
Many climb plants have beautiful flowers.
Many climb plants have flowers.
Some many cnidarians have contractile fiber.
Some many cnidarians have fiber.
Many companies develop methods.
Many companies find growth.
Many companies have problems.
Many companies make contracts.
Many companies offer benefits.
Many companies offer options.
Many companies to help business.
Most many companies develop methods.
Most many companies find growth.
Most many companies have problems.
Most many companies make contracts.
Most many companies offer benefits.
Most many companies offer options.
Some many companies employ photographers.
Some many companies have breeds.
Some many companies have libraries.
Some many companies report difficulty.
Some many companies require treatments.
Some many companies use flowers.
Some many companies use high pressure.
Some many companies use marjorams.
Some many companies use pressure.
Many computer support specialists advance to information technology positions.
Many computer support specialists advance to positions.
Many computer support specialists continue education.
Many conifers grow into trees.
Many conifers have cones.
Many conifers have male cones.
Most many conifers grow into trees.
Most many conifers have cones.
Most many conifers have male cones.
Many countries deal with burdens.
Many countries have activities.
Many countries have regulations.
Many countries see immediate impact.
Many countries see impact.
Many countries use energy.
Many countries use nuclear energy.
Most many countries deal with burdens.
Most many countries have activities.
Most many countries have regulations.
Most many countries see immediate impact.
Most many countries see impact.
Most many countries use energy.
Most many countries use nuclear energy.
Some many countries have government policy.
Some many countries have policy.
Many dairy producers use services.
Many many dancers are in daily life chauffeurs and office workers.
Many desert animals have ears.
Many desert animals prey on birds.
Many develop countries deal with burdens.
Many develop regions have quality.
Many dialysis patients have hormones.
Many dialysis patients have parathyroid hormones.
Many different animals eat grass.
Many different causes lead to outcomes.
Many different causes lead to same outcomes.
Many different factors influence survival.
Many different insects visit flowers.
Many different insects visit scent flowers.
Many different materials come into contact.
Many different tissue serves functions.
Many disable women to perform tasks.
Some many divers work for brigades.
Some many divers work for fire brigades.
Many diverse techniques cover aspects.
Many doctors advise pregnant women.
Many doctors advise women.
Many doctors consider invasive treatments.
Many doctors consider treatments.
Many doctors recommend schedules.
Many doctors recommend vaccine schedules.
Many doctors see cases.
Many doctors see problems.
Many doctors work in fields.
Most many doctors advise pregnant women.
Most many doctors advise women.
Most many doctors consider invasive treatments.
Most many doctors consider treatments.
Most many doctors recommend schedules.
Most many doctors recommend vaccine schedules.
Most many doctors see cases.
Most many doctors see problems.
Most many doctors work in fields.
Some many doctors do jobs.
Some many doctors keep kids.
Some many doctors prescribe vitamins.
Some many doctors recommend eat yogurt.
Some many doctors recommend yogurt.
Some many doctors treat daughters.
Many ecological factors affect distribution.
Many ectotherms live in environments.
Most many ectotherms live in environments.
Some many ectotherms hold breaths.
Many educators use activities.
Most many educators use activities.
Many entomologists have ideas.
Many entomologists specialize in entomologies.
Many entomologists work for agencies.
Many entomologists work for government agencies.
Most many entomologists have ideas.
Most many entomologists specialize in entomologies.
Most many entomologists work for agencies.
Most many entomologists work for government agencies.
Many environmental historians study environments.
Many epiphytes utilize acid metabolism.
Many epiphytes utilize metabolism.
Most many epiphytes utilize acid metabolism.
Most many epiphytes utilize metabolism.
Many eukaryotes have flagella.
Most many eukaryotes have flagella.
Many examples support competitive exclusion principles.
Many examples support exclusion principles.
Many examples support principles.
Most many examples support competitive exclusion principles.
Most many examples support exclusion principles.
Some many examples demonstrate technology.
Some many examples make intuitive senses.
Some many examples make senses.
Many excellent books deal with subjects.
Many excellent sites provide information.
Many experience engineers start business.
Many experience engineers start own business.
Many experts consider patterns.
Many experts recognize values.
Many experts recommend best diets.
Many experts recommend diets.
Most many experts consider patterns.
Most many experts recognize values.
Most many experts recommend best diets.
Most many experts recommend diets.
Some many experts consider animals.
Some many experts consider zebras.
Some many experts feel lack.
Some many experts recommend cholesterol.
Some many experts recommend dietary cholesterol.
Some many experts recommend limit dietary cholesterol.
Many factors affect compositions.
Many factors affect decisions.
Many factors affect distribution.
Many factors affect hedgehogs.
Many factors affect moisture.
Many factors affect quality.
Many factors affect responses.
Many factors affect soil moisture.
Many factors affect weight.
Many factors can have effects.
Many factors can have positive effects.
Many factors cause uncertainty.
Many factors contribute to development.
Many factors contribute to explosions.
Many factors determine values.
Many factors influence biodiversity.
Many factors influence completions.
Many factors influence cost.
Many factors influence forest biodiversity.
Many factors influence growth.
Many factors influence immune responses.
Many factors influence responses.
Many factors influence situations.
Many factors influence survival.
Many factors require analyses.
Many factors threaten survival.
Most many factors affect compositions.
Most many factors affect decisions.
Most many factors affect distribution.
Most many factors affect hedgehogs.
Most many factors affect moisture.
Most many factors affect quality.
Most many factors affect responses.
Most many factors affect soil moisture.
Most many factors affect weight.
Most many factors can have effects.
Most many factors can have positive effects.
Most many factors cause uncertainty.
Most many factors contribute to development.
Most many factors contribute to explosions.
Most many factors determine values.
Most many factors influence forest biodiversity.
Most many factors influence immune responses.
Most many factors require analyses.
Most many factors threaten survival.
Some many factors affect ability.
Some many factors affect corrosion.
Some many factors affect exhaustion.
Some many factors affect growth.
Some many factors affect health problems.
Some many factors affect levels.
Some many factors affect load.
Some many factors affect mite reproduction.
Some many factors affect personal taste.
Some many factors affect problems.
Some many factors affect reproduction.
Some many factors affect reproductive success.
Some many factors affect selections.
Some many factors affect sensitivity levels.
Some many factors affect size.
Some many factors affect success.
Some many factors affect taste.
Some many factors affect time.
Some many factors affect tolerance.
Some many factors associate with diseases.
Some many factors associate with good nutrition.
Some many factors associate with nutrition.
Some many factors cause brightness.
Some many factors cause death.
Some many factors contribute to conversions.
Some many factors contribute to levels.
Some many factors contribute to mortality.
Some many factors contribute to numbers.
Some many factors contribute to osteoporosises.
Some many factors contribute to pregnancy.
Some many factors contribute to problems.
Some many factors contribute to shortages.
Some many factors contribute to status.
Some many factors determine chances.
Some many factors determine electricity.
Some many factors influence parasite load.
Some many factors influence population abundances.
Some many factors involve in development.
Some many factors lead to deficiencies.
Some many factors limit growth.
Many family members share characteristics.
Many farmers make progress.
Many farmers make significant progress.
Many farmers raise chickens.
Many farmers raise pigs.
Many farmers suffer damage.
Many farmers suffer extensive damage.
Most many farmers make progress.
Most many farmers make significant progress.
Most many farmers raise chickens.
Most many farmers raise pigs.
Most many farmers suffer damage.
Most many farmers suffer extensive damage.
Some many farmers establish orchards.
Some many farmers find mules.
Some many farmers kill animals.
Some many farmers sell bags.
Some many farmers use features.
Many features help plants.
Most many features help plants.
Some many features show similarity.
Many federal agencies require employees.
Many firms use methods.
Most many firms use methods.
Many fishermen buy worms.
Many fishermen catch fish.
Many fishermen take shelter.
Most many fishermen buy worms.
Most many fishermen catch fish.
Most many fishermen take shelter.
Some many fishermen use patterns.
Many many folks are engaged and the community is growing.
Many fruit trees produce fruit.
Many gardeners consider options.
Many gardeners consider pests.
Many gardeners consider plants.
Many gardeners have beds.
Many gardeners have problems.
Many gardeners have same problems.
Many gardeners place seeds.
Many gardeners remember mothers.
Many gardeners use methods.
Many gardeners use plastic pots.
Many gardeners use pots.
Many gardeners use products.
Most many gardeners consider options.
Most many gardeners consider pests.
Most many gardeners consider plants.
Most many gardeners have beds.
Most many gardeners have problems.
Most many gardeners have same problems.
Most many gardeners remember mothers.
Most many gardeners use methods.
Most many gardeners use plastic pots.
Most many gardeners use pots.
Most many gardeners use products.
Some many gardeners appreciate habits.
Some many gardeners consider hybrid tulips.
Some many gardeners consider tulips.
Some many gardeners formulate medicine.
Some many gardeners get fertilizer.
Some many gardeners harvest parsley plants.
Some many gardeners harvest plants.
Some many gardeners kill plants.
Some many gardeners kill poppy plants.
Some many gardeners start plants.
Some many gardeners use knives.
Many gastropods have shells.
Most many gastropods have shells.
Some many gastropods have female organs.
Some many gastropods have female reproductive organs.
Some many gastropods have organs.
Some many gastropods have reproductive organs.
Many global issues impact health.
Many government agencies operate facilities.
Many gymnosperms have needles.
Most many gymnosperms have needles.
Many harmful substances come in contact.
Many herbivores have mouthparts.
Most many herbivores have mouthparts.
Some many herbivores eat meat.
Some many herbivores feed on nectar.
Some many herbivores have breakdowns.
Some many herbivores have cheek pouches.
Some many herbivores have pouches.
Some many herbivores live in communities.
Some many herbivores live in shore communities.
Some many herpetologists hold lab assistant positions.
Some many herpetologists hold positions.
Some many herpetologists work in areas.
Many high school teachers have breaks.
Many high school teachers work years.
Many historians have degrees.
Many historians have master degrees.
Many historians study environments.
Most many historians have degrees.
Most many historians have master degrees.
Some many historians argue development.
Many homeowners consider pests.
Most many homeowners consider pests.
Some many homeowners find millipedes.
Some many homeowners prefer concrete.
Many house plants have leaves.
Many house plants have waxy leaves.
Many human activities affect photosynthesis.
Many individuals choose diets.
Many individuals experience infection.
Many individuals feel life.
Many individuals feel social life.
Many individuals hold positions.
Many individuals hold similar positions.
Many individuals perform ceremony.
Many individuals provide input.
Many individuals reach maturity.
Many individuals report allergic reaction.
Many individuals report reaction.
Many individuals return to schools.
Most many individuals choose diets.
Most many individuals experience infection.
Most many individuals feel life.
Most many individuals feel social life.
Most many individuals hold positions.
Most many individuals hold similar positions.
Most many individuals perform ceremony.
Most many individuals provide input.
Most many individuals reach maturity.
Most many individuals report allergic reaction.
Most many individuals report reaction.
Most many individuals return to schools.
Some many individuals consider suicide.
Some many individuals experience functional impairment.
Some many individuals find relief.
Some many individuals have deficiencies.
Some many individuals have vitamin d deficiencies.
Some many individuals maintain ability.
Some many individuals report injuries.
Many indoor gardeners have problems.
Many indoor gardeners have same problems.
Many indoor gardeners use pots.
Many insects consume plants.
Many insects do damage.
Many insects eat pollen.
Many insects feed on aphids.
Many insects feed on blood.
Many insects go through developmental stages.
Many insects go through incomplete metamorphosis.
Many insects go through metamorphosis.
Many insects go through precise developmental stages.
Many insects go through stages.
Many insects have annual migration.
Many insects have legs.
Many insects have migration.
Many insects have mouthparts.
Many insects have muscles.
Many insects have suck mouthparts.
Many insects have wings.
Many insects kill prey.
Many insects release compounds.
Many insects release noxious compounds.
Many insects require diets.
Many insects require special diets.
Many insects use respiration.
Many insects use sound.
Many insects visit flowers.
Many insects visit plants.
Many insects visit scent flowers.
Most many insects do damage.
Most many insects eat pollen.
Most many insects feed on aphids.
Most many insects feed on blood.
Most many insects go through developmental stages.
Most many insects go through incomplete metamorphosis.
Most many insects go through metamorphosis.
Most many insects go through precise developmental stages.
Most many insects go through stages.
Most many insects have annual migration.
Most many insects have legs.
Most many insects have migration.
Most many insects have mouthparts.
Most many insects have muscles.
Most many insects have wings.
Most many insects kill prey.
Most many insects release noxious compounds.
Most many insects require diets.
Most many insects require special diets.
Most many insects use respiration.
Most many insects use sound.
Most many insects visit flowers.
Most many insects visit plants.
Most many insects visit scent flowers.
Some many insects become adults.
Some many insects cause damage.
Some many insects change color.
Some many insects eat animal tissue.
Some many insects eat foliage.
Some many insects eat matter.
Some many insects eat tissue.
Some many insects eat zebras.
Some many insects enter homes.
Some many insects feed on cattails.
Some many insects have aquatic nymph.
Some many insects have chemical substances.
Some many insects have microbes.
Some many insects have nymph.
Some many insects have penises.
Some many insects have projections.
Some many insects have skin.
Some many insects have substances.
Some many insects play roles.
Some many insects play trophic roles.
Some many insects undergo complete metamorphosis.
Some many insects undergo metamorphosis.
Some many insects visit willows.
Many invasive plants share characteristics.
Many invasive plants share important characteristics.
Many kids develop habits.
Many kids grow up in environments.
Many kids have concepts.
Many kids love pets.
Many kids play baseball.
Most many kids develop habits.
Most many kids grow up in environments.
Most many kids have concepts.
Most many kids play baseball.
Many land animals lose life.
Many large companies make contracts.
Many lead companies develop methods.
Many lead energy companies develop methods.
Many mammals eat types.
Many mammals exhibit phenomena.
Many mammals have impact.
Many mammals have kidneys.
Many mammals have testes.
Many mammals live in climates.
Many mammals live in winter climates.
Many mammals maintain body temperature.
Many mammals maintain constant body temperature.
Many mammals maintain constant temperature.
Many mammals maintain temperature.
Many mammals possess characteristics.
Many mammals possess psychological characteristics.
Many mammals reach maturity.
Many mammals reach sexual maturity.
Many mammals use reproduction.
Many mammals use sexual reproduction.
Most many mammals eat types.
Most many mammals exhibit phenomena.
Most many mammals have impact.
Most many mammals have testes.
Most many mammals live in climates.
Most many mammals live in winter climates.
Most many mammals maintain body temperature.
Most many mammals maintain constant body temperature.
Most many mammals maintain constant temperature.
Most many mammals maintain temperature.
Most many mammals possess characteristics.
Most many mammals possess psychological characteristics.
Most many mammals reach maturity.
Most many mammals reach sexual maturity.
Most many mammals use reproduction.
Most many mammals use sexual reproduction.
Some many mammals eat fungi.
Some many mammals eat gophers.
Some many mammals eat larvae.
Some many mammals eat moth larvae.
Some many mammals graze on twigs.
Some many mammals have horns.
Some many mammals hibernate over months.
Some many mammals hibernate over winter months.
Some many mammals live near coastlines.
Some many mammals serve as hosts.
Some many mammals transmit diseases.
Some many men find wives.
Many mangrove trees have chances.
Many mathematicians use knowledge.
Many mathematicians work on problems.
Most many mathematicians use knowledge.
Most many mathematicians work on problems.
Many medical scientists develop experiments.
Some many microbes break down cellulose.
Some many microbes cause diseases.
Some many microbes obtain energy.
Some many migrants take advantage.
Many more business produces materials.
Many more individuals reach maturity.
Many more manufacturers offer products.
Some many musicians wear ear protection.
Some many musicians wear protection.
Many nations have protection.
Many nations have tradition.
Many nations recognize marriages.
Most many nations have protection.
Most many nations have tradition.
Most many nations recognize marriages.
Many natural philosophers accept theories.
Many natural predators include owls.
Many natural predators include snow owls.
Many new technology has goals.
Many notable scientists argue ideas.
Many nutrients lead to health.
Many nutrients lead to ill health.
Many nutrients protect against cancer.
Many nutrients provide benefits.
Many nutrients provide health benefits.
Most many nutrients lead to health.
Most many nutrients lead to ill health.
Most many nutrients protect against cancer.
Most many nutrients provide benefits.
Most many nutrients provide health benefits.
Some many nutrients use plants.
Many observers have ideas.
Most many observers have ideas.
Some many observers share creations.
Many many oil drops around that corner.
Many options help business.
Many organic gardeners use products.
Many organisms eat plants.
Many organisms have common patterns.
Many organisms have determinate growth.
Many organisms have growth.
Many organisms have organs.
Many organisms have patterns.
Many organisms have types.
Many organisms have vestigial organs.
Many organisms live in oceans.
Many organisms live in water.
Many organisms share migration patterns.
Many organisms share patterns.
Most many organisms eat plants.
Most many organisms have common patterns.
Most many organisms have determinate growth.
Most many organisms have growth.
Most many organisms have organs.
Most many organisms have patterns.
Most many organisms have types.
Most many organisms have vestigial organs.
Most many organisms live in oceans.
Most many organisms live in water.
Some many organisms live in habitats.
Some many organisms produce calcium carbonate shells.
Some many organisms produce shells.
Many organizations enter decline phases.
Many organizations enter phases.
Many organizations have strategies.
Many organizations rely on leaders.
Many organizations rely on traditional leaders.
Most many organizations enter decline phases.
Most many organizations enter phases.
Most many organizations have strategies.
Most many organizations rely on leaders.
Most many organizations rely on traditional leaders.
Some many organizations dedicate to bird conservation.
Some many organizations dedicate to conservation.
Some many organizations get offers.
Some many organizations offer tips.
Some many organizations use standard templates.
Some many organizations use templates.
Many other animals chew food.
Many other animals have similar structures.
Many other animals have structures.
Many other animals have teeth.
Many other animals have tooth structures.
Many other animals include bears.
Many other animals inhabit regions.
Many other animals live in rainforests.
Many other ants infest structures.
Many other bees leave hives.
Many other benefits offer services.
Many other biologists follow tradition.
Many other birds consume food.
Many other birds nest in cavities.
Many other birds prey on animals.
Many other cattle have stomachs.
Many other compounds have effects.
Many other countries have activities.
Many other development has have impact.
Many other development has have profound impact.
Many other diets require food.
Many other examples support competitive exclusion principles.
Many other examples support exclusion principles.
Many other examples support principles.
Many other factors affect hedgehogs.
Many other factors can have effects.
Many other factors can have positive effects.
Many other food has minerals.
Many other food has vitamin minerals.
Many other hormones play roles.
Many other insects have wings.
Many other materials contain atoms.
Many other nations recognize marriages.
Many other observations indicate presence.
Many other organisms share migration patterns.
Many other organisms share patterns.
Many other pests cause crop damage.
Many other pests cause damage.
Many other plants provide energy.
Many other researchers take on tasks.
Many other scientists offer contributions.
Many other substances have effects.
Many other substances have powerful effects.
Many other vertebrates have behavior.
Many other vertebrates have similar behavior.
Many paleontologists believe evolution.
Many paleontologists consider animals.
Most many paleontologists believe evolution.
Most many paleontologists consider animals.
Many parents enter unions.
Many parents express concern.
Many parents express feelings.
Many parents find food.
Many parents find other similar food.
Many parents give information.
Many parents make decisions.
Many parents prepare food.
Many parents prepare healthy food.
Many parents rely on information.
Most many parents enter unions.
Most many parents express concern.
Most many parents express feelings.
Most many parents find food.
Most many parents find other similar food.
Most many parents give information.
Most many parents make decisions.
Most many parents prepare food.
Most many parents prepare healthy food.
Most many parents rely on information.
Some many parents create memory.
Some many parents face crises.
Some many parents share life.
Some many parents share personal life.
Many participants share thoughts.
Most many participants share thoughts.
Some many participants apply approaches.
Some many participants apply deep learn approaches.
Some many participants have bowel movement.
Some many participants have movement.
Some many passage supports beliefs.
Many pathogen causes disease outbreaks.
Many pathogen causes outbreaks.
Many patients come through doors.
Many patients come to clinics.
Many patients complain of symptoms.
Many patients consider candida infection.
Many patients consider infection.
Many patients experience persistent symptoms.
Many patients experience reaction.
Many patients experience relief.
Many patients experience symptoms.
Many patients find options.
Many patients get relief.
Many patients get surgery.
Many patients have allergies.
Many patients have fear.
Many patients have hormones.
Many patients have parathyroid hormones.
Many patients have salt sensitivity.
Many patients have sensitivity.
Many patients have symptoms.
Many patients report bone pain.
Many patients report feelings.
Many patients report pain.
Many patients report relief.
Many patients require specific treatments.
Many patients require treatments.
Many patients suffer from diseases.
Many patients suffer from skin diseases.
Many patients survive crush injuries.
Many patients survive injuries.
Many patients visit clinics.
Most many patients come through doors.
Most many patients come to clinics.
Most many patients complain of symptoms.
Most many patients consider candida infection.
Most many patients consider infection.
Most many patients experience persistent symptoms.
Most many patients experience relief.
Most many patients experience symptoms.
Most many patients find options.
Most many patients get relief.
Most many patients get surgery.
Most many patients have allergies.
Most many patients have fear.
Most many patients have hormones.
Most many patients have salt sensitivity.
Most many patients have sensitivity.
Most many patients have symptoms.
Most many patients report bone pain.
Most many patients report feelings.
Most many patients report pain.
Most many patients report relief.
Most many patients require specific treatments.
Most many patients require treatments.
Most many patients suffer from diseases.
Most many patients suffer from skin diseases.
Most many patients survive crush injuries.
Most many patients survive injuries.
Most many patients visit clinics.
Some many patients exhibit drowsiness.
Some many patients express desire.
Some many patients have anemia.
Some many patients have difficulty.
Some many patients require ankle braces.
Some many patients require braces.
Many people are groups.
Many people are located in demonstrations.
Many people are located in sporting events.
Many people are passives.
Many people desire play games.
Many people desire talk.
Many people have allergies.
Many many people end up being caregivers for a spouse who gets ill.
Many many people have or do develop allergies to epoxies almost instantly.
Many many people marry for the wrong reasons.
Many many people offer advice.
Many many people think that the handicapped lead lives of misery and are better off dead.
Some many people pretend that slavery was at the least hard on the black community.
Many pet birds have wings.
Many philosophers accept theories.
Many philosophers argue problems.
Many philosophers understand topics.
Most many philosophers accept theories.
Most many philosophers argue problems.
Most many philosophers understand topics.
Some many philosophers find concepts.
Many physicians make statements.
Many physicians offer tests.
Many physicians participate in decisions.
Many physicians perform cervical examinations.
Many physicians perform examinations.
Many physicians work in offices.
Most many physicians make statements.
Most many physicians offer tests.
Most many physicians participate in decisions.
Most many physicians perform cervical examinations.
Most many physicians perform examinations.
Most many physicians work in offices.
Some many places are inhabited by crocodilians.
Many plants produce seeds.
Most many plants produce seeds.
Many police agencies take actions.
Many politicians lose weight.
Most many politicians lose weight.
Many predatory birds have bills.
Many predatory insects kill prey.
Many pregnant women have ideas.
Many prepare food contains starches.
Many problems occur in contexts.
Many problems occur in ecological contexts.
Many problems result in breathe difficulty.
Many problems result in difficulty.
Most many problems occur in contexts.
Most many problems occur in ecological contexts.
Most many problems result in breathe difficulty.
Most many problems result in difficulty.
Some many problems affect pets.
Some many problems are created by damage.
Some many problems arise from tension.
Some many problems cause imbalances.
Some many problems face lambs.
Some many problems lead to death.
Some many problems require intensive nurses.
Some many problems require nurses.
Some many problems result from degradations.
Many professional athletes do regular workouts.
Many professional athletes do workouts.
Some many prokaryotes have extra layers.
Some many prokaryotes have layers.
Many relief workers to obtain information.
Many researchers feel conditions.
Many researchers have hard time.
Many researchers have time.
Many researchers report compliance.
Many researchers seek careers.
Many researchers study effects.
Many researchers suggest energy.
Many researchers take on tasks.
Most many researchers feel conditions.
Most many researchers have hard time.
Most many researchers have time.
Most many researchers report compliance.
Most many researchers seek careers.
Most many researchers study effects.
Most many researchers suggest energy.
Most many researchers take on tasks.
Some many researchers argue definition.
Some many researchers feel tunnels.
Some many researchers find springtails.
Some many researchers seek hypertension.
Some many researchers study attitude.
Some many researchers study reproduction.
Some many researchers understand metabolic syndromes.
Some many researchers understand syndromes.
Many restaurants offer black tea.
Many restaurants offer delivery services.
Many restaurants offer dinner.
Many restaurants offer services.
Many restaurants offer tea.
Most many restaurants offer black tea.
Most many restaurants offer delivery services.
Most many restaurants offer dinner.
Most many restaurants offer services.
Most many restaurants offer tea.
More Many riders react to ice by tipping their board way up on edge to try to get more grip.
Many scientific investigations require accurate length measurements.
Many scientific investigations require accurate liquid measurements.
Many scientific investigations require accurate measurements.
Many scientific investigations require length measurements.
Many scientific investigations require liquid measurements.
Many scientific investigations require measurements.
Many scientists argue concern.
Many scientists argue ideas.
Many scientists assume degeneration.
Many scientists assume slow degeneration.
Many scientists believe extinction.
Many scientists believe mass extinction.
Many scientists contribute to discoveries.
Many scientists develop experiments.
Many scientists focus attention.
Many scientists focus on methods.
Many scientists have information.
Many scientists offer contributions.
Many scientists predict effects.
Many scientists study insects.
Many scientists take inspiration.
Many scientists to draw broad conclusions.
Many scientists to draw conclusions.
Many scientists to pursue careers.
Many scientists work at stations.
Many scientists work at weather stations.
Many scientists work in fields.
Most many scientists argue concern.
Most many scientists argue ideas.
Most many scientists assume degeneration.
Most many scientists assume slow degeneration.
Most many scientists believe extinction.
Most many scientists believe mass extinction.
Most many scientists contribute to discoveries.
Most many scientists develop experiments.
Most many scientists focus attention.
Most many scientists focus on methods.
Most many scientists have information.
Most many scientists offer contributions.
Most many scientists predict effects.
Most many scientists study insects.
Most many scientists take inspiration.
Most many scientists work at stations.
Most many scientists work at weather stations.
Most many scientists work in fields.
Some many scientists consider animals.
Some many scientists consider extinction.
Some many scientists give donkeys.
Some many scientists observe disturbances.
Some many scientists observe magnetic disturbances.
Some many scientists reject alternatives.
Some many scientists see hibernation.
Some many scientists see roles.
Some many scientists see types.
Some many scientists study monarchs.
Some many scientists study motion.
Some many scientists use platypuses.
Many seabirds have glands.
Many seabirds have salt glands.
Many seabirds raise offspring.
Most many seabirds have glands.
Most many seabirds have salt glands.
Most many seabirds raise offspring.
Some many seabirds use wind.
Many senior citizens recall experience.
Many senior citizens recall personal experience.
Some many servicemen have children.
Many settlers build structures.
Most many settlers build structures.
Many shade trees have requirements.
Many shade trees have specific requirements.
Many shade trees have specific site requirements.
Many shorebirds have migratory paths.
Many shorebirds have paths.
Most many shorebirds have migratory paths.
Most many shorebirds have paths.
Some many shorebirds eat mollusks.
Some many shorebirds have time.
Many single adults have relatives.
Many small animals get sufficient water.
Many small animals get water.
Many small business reaches levels.
Many small farmers raise chickens.
Many small fish eat zooplankton.
Many smokers complain about taste.
Most many smokers complain about taste.
Many solitary bees have lifespans.
Many solitary bees have short lifespans.
Many soy food contains dietary fiber.
Many soy food contains fiber.
Some many sparrows eat rice.
Many many stranger is here.
Many students attend schools.
Many students choose options.
Many students gain experience.
Many students have misconception.
Many students hold conception.
Many students make measurements.
Many students take subjects.
Many students understand size.
Most many students attend schools.
Most many students choose options.
Most many students gain experience.
Most many students have misconception.
Most many students hold conception.
Most many students make measurements.
Most many students take subjects.
Most many students understand size.
Some many students have concepts.
Some many students have difficulty.
Some many students have relative difficulty.
Some many students hold tarantulas.
Some many students study films.
Some many students understand concepts.
Many successful adults share stories.
Many successful individuals choose diets.
Many such birds live on seeds.
Many such plants obtain water.
Many supermarkets sell bags.
Most many supermarkets sell bags.
Some many supermarkets have high levels.
Some many supermarkets have high salt levels.
Some many supermarkets have levels.
Many swimmers find water.
Most many swimmers find water.
Some many swimmers suffer from asthma.
Many teachers find jobs.
Many teachers have breaks.
Many teachers use hands.
Many teachers work years.
Most many teachers find jobs.
Most many teachers use hands.
Most many teachers work years.
Some many teachers incorporate quests.
Some many teachers support approaches.
Some many teachers support traditional approaches.
Many technical jobs require knowledge.
Many teenagers eat food.
Many teenagers eat junk food.
Most many teenagers eat food.
Most many teenagers eat junk food.
Some many teenagers leave schools.
Some many theropods have skin.
Many time pets gain weight.
Many traditional societies rely on leaders.
Some many tribes use plants.
Many tropical trees have seeds.
Many turkey hunters use decoys.
Some many types require fire.
Some many variation occurs in animals.
Some many variation occurs in different animals.
Many vertebrates have behavior.
Many vertebrates have similar behavior.
Most many vertebrates have behavior.
Most many vertebrates have similar behavior.
Many victims suffer emotional scars.
Many victims suffer scars.
Most many victims suffer emotional scars.
Most many victims suffer scars.
Many villagers kill lemurs.
Most many villagers kill lemurs.
Some many villagers have malaria.
Many wild salamanders reach sexual maturity.
Many women change methods.
Many women consume adequate amounts.
Many women consume sugar.
Many women find functions.
Many women find thyroid functions.
Many women have ideas.
Many women have irregular periods.
Many women have nausea.
Many women have periods.
Many women have trouble.
Many women make effort.
Many women make extra effort.
Many women suffer sickness.
Many women to perform tasks.
Most many women change methods.
Most many women consume adequate amounts.
Most many women find functions.
Most many women find thyroid functions.
Most many women have ideas.
Most many women have irregular periods.
Most many women have nausea.
Most many women have periods.
Most many women have trouble.
Most many women make effort.
Most many women make extra effort.
Most many women suffer sickness.
Some many women assume pregnancy.
Some many women become leaders.
Some many women become strategies.
Some many women die in childbirth.
Some many women enter fields.
Some many women have husbands.
Some many women make life.
Some many women see cards.
Some many women suffer from degrees.
Some many women suffer from syndromes.
Some many women use growth hormones.
Some many women use hormones.
Many workers leave jobs.
Many workers to obtain information.
Many workers wear gear.
Many workers wear protective gear.
Many workers work full time.
Many workers work time.
Most many workers leave jobs.
Most many workers wear gear.
Most many workers wear protective gear.
Most many workers work full time.
Most many workers work time.
Some many workers choose recommendations.
Some many workers live in areas.
Some many writers consider genus.
Some many writers consider separate genus.
Some many writers enjoy business.
Some many writers enjoy own business.
Some many writers use spells.
Many young children pay attention.
Many young children pay close attention.
Manylocal officials turn a blind eye to the regular abuses thatworkers face.
Manzeal heads fab five Domination.
Maoist rebels extend talks offer to Nepal govt.
Map analysis allows users to direct appropriate actions.
All map data is included.
Most map editors use QuakeED style header parsing to define what entities do what.
Map file ca.
Map files can be big.
Map files can contain at most four regions.
A map maker is a geographer
Map makers can set goals in their maps, which causes the game to operate in one of the styles above.
Map makers use plat maps to describe property lines.
Map orientation is complete.
Map orientation is north-vertical unless otherwise indicated by an arrow.
A map projection is a projection
Map projections are projections.
All map projections distort the surface in some fashion.
All map projections have some type of distortion or deformation.
All map projections represent tradeoffs between different types of distortion.
Many map projections require latitude and longitudes for origin and parallels.
Map turtles are large, river-dwelling reptiles about the size of a dinner plate.
Map turtles live in salt water.
Most map turtles live in salt water.
Map units are mostly consociations and complexes.
Map units are therefore meters.
Map units can be inches, centimeters, feet, meters, or decimal degrees.
Map units can reflect single cover types, or transitions that combine two or more.
A map is a representation
Map below shows most likely zone.
Map dowsing is another of the applications.
Map isa artifact.
Map making today is done mostly by computer.
Map ordering information is available.
Map plotting now seems pretty solid.
Map shipping over one afternoon before do internet casino.
Map showing drill sites spread across the tibetan Plateau.
Map showing locations of fish attractors is available at park office and wildlife district office.
Map showing position of all ports - click on the port to select it.
Maps accurately display the location of each business, in their city, in Arizona.
Maps allow someone to locate features in a new area .
Maps allow the user to seek data by state, county and city.
Maps allow to create a context between a persons actual position and any geographic phenomenon.
Maps allows travelers to map a city, a street address or obtain point to point driving instructions.
Maps also allow customers to navigate the site as a whole without getting lost.
Maps also are important in conveying information back to the district's citizens and administrators.
Maps also are printable.
Maps also are useful monitoring and detecting landscape change.
Maps also can convey atmosphere, feeling, and a sense of history.
Maps also contain time zone boundaries.
Maps also cover sites of resistance, revolt and escape.
Maps also cover the planets, moons, and constellations.
Maps also display schools, parks, hospitals, churches, and other landmarks.
Maps also divisors over.
Maps also prolong the life of a game.
Maps also provides driving directions, and many other useful options.
Maps appear at many university entrances and locations.
Maps appear on the screen.
Maps appear throughout the book, and are colorful and clearly labeled.
Maps are a basic tool of anyone doing spatial analysis, information storage or retrieval.
Maps are a form of spatial information, perhaps our most obvious form.
Maps are a form of visual communication, a special language for describing spatial relationships.
Maps are a format particularly important to geoscientists.
Maps are a good idea with cruising ground items.
Maps are a graphic means of communication .
Maps are a great help, of course.
Maps are a hot item and the most asked about in email.
Maps are a lot cheaper.
Maps are a multipurpose tool and serve a variety of functions in support of planning.
Maps are a part of environmental education.
Maps are a powerful way to document traditional land claims.
Maps are a rarity in India.
Maps are a shared version of reality.
Maps are a somewhat unique form of advertising because they inform as well as promote.
Maps are a type of geographic model.
Maps are a very effective tool for resource management.
Maps are a very important part of the Zoning Code.
Maps are a visual means of representing and organizing information. .
Maps are a visual means of representing and organizing information.
Maps are abstraction of reality.
Maps are abstractions of reality using symbols analogous to real features on Earth s surface.
Maps are accurate representations of the earth in two dimensions.
Maps are actually the greatest threat to wildlife.
Maps are all a little out of date.
Maps are all approx.
Maps are also a plus.
Maps are also available at all sites.
Maps are also available at local bike shops, sporting goods stores and book stores.
Maps are also available at ranger headquarters in the various areas.
Maps are also available at the booths.
Maps are also available at the office.
Maps are also available at the visitor centers.
Maps are also available for download .
Maps are also available for printing and publishing at higher resolutions.
Maps are also available from other sources.
Maps are also available in various atlases.
Maps are also available on the department's Web site.
Maps are also available to be downloaded.
Maps are also available to download as PDFs from the Documents Page .
Maps are also available.
Maps are also essential to show landmarks, distances and topography.
Maps are also much more usuable.
Maps are also present.
Maps are also very valuable in census planning and presentation and analysis of the results.
Maps are always a minimum of two weeks behind the current date.
Maps are always an important consideration for a campaign but they require special attention.
Maps are among the most compelling and practical reasons to log on.
Maps are an essential part of a geologist's working tools.
Maps are an essential tool for any family historian.
Maps are an excellent example of abstract space.
Maps are an extremely important component of genealogical research.
Maps are an important component of the various Land Use Regulations.
Maps are an important part of genealogical research.
Maps are an important part of the documents collection.
Maps are an important segment of the remote sensing market.
Maps are another means of documentation that is eye catching and effective.
Maps are another tool that help to make our ancestors real.
Maps are aslo available via ftp.
Maps are at a tool to deliver accurate, vital information quickly.
Maps are at the high end of the data density spectrum.
Maps are availabe at the visitor center.
Maps are availabe for the forum activities' locations.
Maps are available .
Maps are available as full-size paper xerox copies and electronically in AutoCAD format.
Maps are available as well as architectural and archaeological information.
Maps are available at a pickup box outside of the site office.
Maps are available at all three trailheads and parking is free.
Maps are available at any Carson office.
Maps are available at any tourist shop.
Maps are available at area hotels and the visitor information center.
Maps are available at church.
Maps are available at city hall.
Maps are available at different scales and can be customised to display different features.
Maps are available at each cable car stop.
Maps are available at each gate.
Maps are available at each of the galleries.
Maps are available at most campus entrances.
Maps are available at national, state, and county levels.
Maps are available at no charge if picked up at our office.
Maps are available at park offices and are clearly identified with trail geology.
Maps are available at participating shops and businesses.
Maps are available at registration.
Maps are available at the both parking lots.
Maps are available at the concierge desk.
Maps are available at the Dreams of Freedom ticket counter.
Maps are available at the entrance booth and at the trailhead.
Maps are available at the following costs by sending a cheque in the appropriate currency.
Maps are available at the front desk.
Maps are available at the host campground in the Cayuse Equestrian area.
Maps are available at the hotel.
Maps are available at the information desk.
Maps are available at the Inn.
Maps are available at the Lake Powhatan gatehouse.
Maps are available at the main building office.
Maps are available at the main entrance, and at the park office.
Maps are available at the main gate.
Maps are available at the main headquarters or any forest preserve office.
Maps are available at the office just inside the gate.
Maps are available at the office located in the main activity area.
Maps are available at the office.
Maps are available at the park concession, as are canoe and paddleboat rentals and snacks.
Maps are available at the park concession.
Maps are available at the park gate and headquarters.
Maps are available at the park office .
Maps are available at the park office and information kiosks throughout the park.
Maps are available at the park office.
Maps are available at the park visitor center in Empire.
Maps are available at the park.
Maps are available at the Preserve office.
Maps are available at the reception counter.
Maps are available at the refuge headquarters or the trail heads.
Maps are available at the registration desk.
Maps are available at the sanctuary office.
Maps are available at the small parking lot.
Maps are available at the store at no charge.
Maps are available at the store.
Maps are available at the ticket counter.
Maps are available at the trail head and top parking lot.
Maps are available at the visitor center near the entrance.
Maps are available at the visitor center.
Maps are available at the visitor or environmental education centers.
Maps are available at the visitors center.
Maps are available at the Warsaw fire department the days of the tour.
Maps are available at the White Lake Area Welcome Center.
Maps are available at the Youth Corner.
Maps are available below, and can be enlarged by clicking the map to open another link.
Maps are available below.
Maps are available beneath.
Maps are available by calling the visitors center.
Maps are available by mail from the office or at the seven main entrances.
Maps are available by phone or fax, or at the web site.
Maps are available covering different routes and an official guide book has been produced.
Maps are available describing accessibility via the tunnels, elevators, and ramps.
Maps are available describing the open areas and the rules for operating motor vehicles.
Maps are available for a number of mammals, including humans, rats, rabbits and cats.
Maps are available for a reasonable price.
Maps are available for a small fee in the main office - be sure to stop by.
Maps are available for almost any country in the world, including the United States.
Maps are available for circulation.
Maps are available for different regions and specific countries of North Africa and the Middle East.
Maps are available for downloading free of charge.
Maps are available for downloading.
Maps are available for each area by clicking on the following links.
Maps are available for each county, just click the title of the desired area.
Maps are available for each location.
Maps are available for each of the trail's three sections.
Maps are available for guest snowmobilers unfamiliar with the territory.
Maps Are available for local areas.
Maps are available for many areas.
Maps are available for many countries.
Maps are available for most of Colorado's participating counties, cities, and towns.
Maps are available for purchase in person, by mail or by telephone from the Salem office.
Maps are available for self guided tours of the unique monuments found throughout the cemetery.
Maps are available for self-guided tours along a marked trail.
Maps are available for self-guided tours of historical sites and homes.
Maps are available for self-guided tours.
Maps are available for self-guided walking tours.
Maps are available for the entire state.
Maps are available for the following bird species indigenous to New Zealand.
Maps are available for the open and secure production networks.
Maps are available for various periods and areas.
Maps are available for Wisconsin, South Dakota, and Iowa.
Maps are available free of charge.
Maps are available from land managers to explain which roads, areas, and trails are open and closed.
Maps are available from stores in town and most people who made the effort had a good day's walk.
Maps are available from the box office.
Maps are available from the district ranger for four dollars each.
Maps are available from the forest service office.
Maps are available from the gate.
Maps are available from the grasslands offices.
Maps are available from the information centre.
Maps are available from the park web page, or at the park.
Maps are available from the visitors' center on the outskirts of the park.
Maps are available from the warden's office.
Maps are available here .
Maps are available here too.
Maps are available here.
Maps are available in a large sheet or are cut to a series of maps.
Maps are available in any of eleven projections, showing a number of perspectives.
Maps are available in electronic or paper format.
Maps are available in most bookstores.
Maps are available in the Bethel office.
Maps are available in the church office.
Maps are available in the clubhouse.
Maps are available in the flower shop, in the main mausoleum.
Maps are available in the gallery.
Maps are available in the lobby.
Maps are available in the office.
Maps are available in the park and from local outfitters.
Maps are available in two formats.
Maps are available locally and the trails are well marked, but be sure to take a compass.
Maps are available locally and the trails are well marked.
Maps are available of many trails, and guides can be hired.
Maps are available of most locations.
Maps are available on a national scale for total solar eclipses near Switzerland.
Maps are available on a statewide basis or, in most cases, by individual quadrangles.
Maps are available on entering.
Maps are available on request.
Maps are available on site at no charge.
Maps are available on the bulletin board beside the parish office.
Maps are available on the red mobile bulletin board.
Maps are available on the web and at the registration desk.
Maps are available on the Web.
Maps are available online and for purchase.
Maps are available online for viewing and downloading.
Maps are available on-line.
Maps are available showing the approximate range of some microwave service areas.
Maps are available showing the correction from magnetic south to true south.
Maps are available so far for the first four townships created.
Maps are available that depict long-term average solar radiation data for each month.
Maps are available that show the routes and all the buses clearly display the route number.
Maps are available that show traditional territories or reservation boundaries.
Maps are available there, too.
Maps are available there.
Maps are available through our office.
Maps are available to every field.
Maps are available to everyone for photocopying or borrowing on a limited basis.
Maps are available to locate famous stars' graves.
Maps are available to provide detailed location.
Maps are available to show the location of the major campuses.
Maps are available upon request.
Maps are available, showing groomed snowmobile areas and trails.
Maps are available, with video clips and background information.
Maps are available.
Maps are being revised - a few of the locations are almost impossible to find without a map.
Maps are big, and it s very difficult to keep an eye out for enemy units.
Maps are big-time booty.
Maps are black and white.
Maps are both a convenience and a necessity for geographic analysis and communication.
Maps are by township.
Maps are clear and easy to read, with the ability to zoom in and out and give the map less detail.
Maps are clear with lots of little dialog boxes explaining significant events and locations.
Maps are clothespins that hitch our lives to our places.
Maps are complete and include a useful legend.
Maps are complete as called for in the index.
Maps are complex documents and are also valuable data sets.
Maps are crude, no ops detail, no indications of enemy forces.
Maps are current and most can be copied and printed.
Maps are currently available for most urban areas in the United States.
Maps are customizable in a number of ways.
Maps are dependent on the scale, area, and map projection selected by the cartographer.
Maps are detailed listings of every document in the identified section.
Maps are detailed, accurate and graphically appealing.
Maps are diagrams showing different types of information about a place, such as rivers and roads.
Maps are downloadable in pdf format.
Maps are drawings on flat surfaces of all or part of the earth.
Maps are easier to understand than tables.
Maps are easy to use.
Maps are especially useful.
Maps are essential tools of geography because they assist in the visualization of space.
Maps are essential.
Maps are everywhere, from glove compartments to airplane terminals.
Maps are everywhere.
Maps are excellent black and white ones.
Maps are extremely useful, as are timelines and genealogies.
Maps are flat while the real world is three dimensional.
Maps are for display purposes only.
Maps are for novices, the forgetful, Managers and pansies who like to play with coloured pencils.
Maps are for sale at the monthly meetings.
Maps are for sale at the museum.
Maps are for sale.
Maps are forthcoming.
Maps are free at the visitors center.
Maps are free of charge, however, quantities are limited.
Maps are free, shipping required if being ordered off the island.
Maps are free.
Maps are frequent and in certain cases interactive.
Maps are from oil companies, state and provincial governments, turnpikes and other toll facilities.
Maps are from the late nineteenth century into the twentieth century.
Maps are full color and generally very good.
Maps are full color, with each color representing either a city or county boundary.
Maps are fully three-dimensional allowing for bridges and tunnels where units can pass over others.
Maps are fun, interesting, and valuable products of a stewardship plan.
Maps are fun.
Maps are generally available at the Red Town Trailhead and there is one portable bathroom.
Maps are generally clean throughout.
Maps are generally in the national language of the city or town, with a few exceptions.
Maps are generally in very good condition with an occasional spot of foxing.
Maps are generally in very good or better condition.
Maps are generally very good.
Maps are geographers' most important tools.
Maps are good tools.
Maps are good.
Maps are graphic representations of selected aspects of Earth's surface.
Maps are graphic representations of the real world.
Maps are graphics that contain links to textual information or to other graphics.
Maps are great, some a little to large for death match standards but still most are generally great.
Maps are great, some little small.
Maps are great.
Maps are hard to read.
Maps are here .
Maps are here.
Maps are important tools for any land manager or field researcher.
Maps are important tools for supporting regional interest.
Maps are important.
Maps are in a cylindrical equidistant map projection.
Maps are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Maps are in AutoCAD DWF format.
Maps are in color and can be printed.
Maps are in full color, with elevation keys.
Maps are in good condition with some light foxing, age toning, and image transfer.
Maps are in mail box behind main base.
Maps are in pdf format.
Maps are in vivid colours to easily highlight political boundaries.
Maps are information systems.
Maps are inherently very difficult objects to put in a web page.
Maps are inkjet printed in-house.
Maps are instrumental and thorough, regional divisions sensible.
Maps are insufficient.
Maps are interactive and some are multimedia.
Maps are interactive.
Maps are just the beginning.
Maps are just two examples.
Maps are large and detailed.
Maps are large and in full color.
Maps are large and simple.
Maps are larger.
Maps are liars.
Maps are like a puzzle to solve.
Maps are like the point of the lance, the beginning of a process.
Maps are local, national, and international in scope.
Maps are located in amusement parks.
Maps are located in atlases.
Maps are located in backpacks.
Maps are located in bookstores.
Maps are located in cabinets.
Maps are located in classrooms.
Maps are located in gas stations.
Maps are located in libraries.
Maps are located in rest areas.
Maps are located in stores.
Maps are located in suitcases.
Maps are located in tables.
Maps are located in truck stops.
Maps are made out of cubes, which can be made longer or shorter and can be reshaped.
Maps are many.
Maps are map cases on the first floor of the library.
Maps are meaningless unless they help viewers relate a location to something they already know.
Maps are mix of cartography and art.
Maps are models of reality.
Maps are models of the earth, like a globe in a classroom.
Maps are more convenient.
Maps are more standard than the prem, again more info on the maps page.
Maps are more than a diagram of how to get from here to there.
Maps are more than just pretty pictures with some geographic names.
Maps are mostly on a U.S. base.
Maps are mostly very clean and fresh.
Maps are much more convenient than globes for many purposes.
Maps are necessary for most effective business research and communication.
Maps are necessary for most effective research and communication.
Maps are never accurate.
Maps are never to be taken as the absolute gospel.
Maps are no longer static images on paper or a computer screen.
Maps are non-circulating but can be checked out for class presentations.
Maps are nothing new to the net and neither are phone listings.
Maps are now available for some routes.
Maps are now compilations of drawings , images and other components.
Maps are now very large, consisting of detailed indoor and outdoor environments.
Maps are obviously useful to robots that have to navigate from one place to another.
Maps are of railroad routes in Mexico.
Maps are of various sizes, scales, resolutions, saturation, and intensity ranges.
Maps are often available at county and state parks.
Maps are often available only in hard copy.
Maps are often available to help find the location of the rooms.
Maps are often inaccurate and trails are unmarked.
Maps are often more revealing and less time-consuming than essays.
Maps are on file next to a wide collection of excursion and trail guides.
Maps are on the board.
Maps are on the main floor, again in the east end of the East Wing.
Maps are on the way sorry for the delay.
Maps are on their site.
Maps are one navigation tool that people use to find their way around.
Maps are one of the geographer s main tools, because maps describe what is where.
Maps are one of the most important tools of the land use planner and natural resources manager.
Maps are one of the most important tools used by planners.
Maps are one of the most important types of documents associated with exploration.
Maps are one to four sheets and include county borders.
Maps are only a graphic devise.
Maps are only for illustrative purposes.
Maps are only useful if the user is able to judge the value of the contents.
Maps are optional.
Maps are orthographic views, photos are perspective views.
Maps are part of atlases.
Maps are part of the pre-Net culture.
Maps are particularly helpful when a county or city provides a service extraterritorially.
Maps are perhaps as fundamental to society as language and the written word.
Maps are perhaps more important for threading than for other approaches to travel.
Maps are perhaps the most overlooked of all library resources.
Maps are perhaps the number one request by area cyclists.
Maps Are pictures of information about areas and places.
Maps are power, very interesting use of maps as propaganda.
Maps are power.
Maps are powerful and communicate complex information about our world clearly and directly.
Maps are powerful tools for decision-makers.
Maps are powerful tools for planning, decision-making and policy setting.
Maps are powerful tools to help managers visualize spatial patterns related to socioeconomic trends.
Maps are preliminary and subject to change.
Maps are pretty basic, but there are plenty to choose from.
Maps are printable through image export.
Maps Are Printable, also easier to read if printed.
Maps are printable.
Maps are proof-checked by the client prior to publication.
Maps are provided to show the location of an earthquake anywhere is the world.
Maps are ready to view and are generated each week.
Maps are really models of a place in space.
Maps are replete with decorative wind roses, images of ships, and scrolled scales.
Maps are representations of reality, and they contain errors that are spatially autocorrelated.
Maps are representations.
Maps are reproducable in large quantities.
Maps are royalty-free, and can be used in any print, web or multimedia project.
Maps are searchable by place names as well as latitude and longitude.
Maps are segment, that contin other objects.
Maps are sequences with restriction enzyme sites shown.
Maps are simple labyrinths, with some crates sparse around.
Maps are simply models of the real world.
Maps are slow loading.
Maps are smaller and built especially with multi-player use in mind.
Maps are so accurate one can tell exactly where each structure stood.
Maps are so easier to understand than tables.
Maps are sometimes divided based on scale .
Maps are sparse.
Maps are static documents and therefore difficult and expensive to keep up to date.
Maps are still vital to society and continue to improve over time.
Maps are subject to all kinds of manipulation, from the crudest to the most subtle.
Maps are subject to recall, as are all circulating materials.
Maps are subjective renderings of place and reflect the worldview of the mapmaker.
Maps are sufficient.
Maps are supposedly objective, yet they incorporate cultural values and political beliefs.
Maps are symbols of power, politics and expressive imaginings. . .
Maps are Territory.
Maps are the backbone of geography.
Maps are the basic tool of the geographer.
Maps are the basic tools geographers use to present information.
Maps are the coordinates of history.
Maps are the data structure of choice for embedded graphs.
Maps are the facility.
Maps are the main feature of a breeding bird atlas publication.
Maps are the most familiar example.
Maps are the principle vehicles for understanding geographic realms.
Maps are the result of conscious design decisions.
Maps are the tool of the geographer.
Maps are the traditional method of storing and displaying geographic information.
Maps are the universal language.
Maps are the vehicle to link reflection and concrete reality.
Maps are then plot over several hours to get the trend of the motion of air masses, weather systems.
Maps are there for all to look at and study.
Maps are things which really, really benefit from the use of colour.
Maps are thus an integral part of policy analysis in the public and private sectors.
Maps are to county level.
Maps are to the county level and all towns are indexed.
Maps are tools that shape our perception of place.
Maps are tools used by geographers to show spatial relationships.
Maps are two dimensional representations of the earth's surface.
Maps are two dimensional, selective, reduced and distorted images of the earth.
Maps are two-dimensional representations of the surface of the earth.
MAPs are under strict developmental regulation.
Maps are updated weekly .
Maps are used for information.
Maps are used for travel plans.
Maps are useful because they can help people find the exact location of anything on earth.
Maps are useful here as well.
Maps are useful tools for everyone.
Maps are usually available at the entrance to the exhibition.
Maps are usually available at the gate.
Maps are usually available at the trail heads.
Maps are usually available from the guide for the area being hunted.
Maps are usually larger graphics, thus they take longer to download.
Maps are usually outlines of various locations.
Maps are usually pre-marked and sealed in plastic bags.
Maps are very detailed and accurate.
Maps are very efficient at storing and communicating geographic information.
Maps are very efficient to communicate spatial situations.
Maps are very good for all areas.
Maps are very good.
Maps are very helpful.
Maps are very important to aid in evaluating reports.
Maps are very simple in design, but most still look surprisingly good.
Maps are very useful in navigating through challenging terrain.
Maps are very well suited to be studied with the help of computers.
Maps are visible for use on the marked trails.
Maps are well annotated for clarification.
Maps are well drawn and reflect recent geopolitical changes around the world.
Maps are white prints unless otherwise noted.
Maps are wonderful.
Maps are worth at least a thousand words, so refer to the one below.
Maps are, by their very nature, impermanent.
Maps assist the researcher in identifying churches in a particular neighborhood at given dates.
Maps become less and flows more chaotic as dimension increases.
Maps become more and more detailed as the user makes selections.
Maps become water proof, tear resistant, and the printed image looks better than standard paper.
Maps begin here.
Maps Below are links to North Carolina Maps that can be viewed or printed.
Maps Below are links to three useful maps.
Maps Below are maps of the City of Minneapolis, with various boundaries and highlights.
Maps Below are maps which show traditional territories or reservation boundaries.
Maps Below is a list of links to events and places of interest in Chicago.
Maps Below is a map of Sidney.
Maps below show areas.
Maps boil down all data to one sheet, one graphic.
Maps break down our inhibitions, stimulate our glands, stir our imagination, loosen our tongues.
Maps bring visual context and clarity to postal addresses.
Maps can also act as tools for reconstruction and challenging authority.
MAPs can also behave as environment and cause decoherence, thus acting as orchestrating nodes.
Maps can also define people, their lifestyles and cultural practices.
Maps can also include information beyond that which is perceivable in the reality.
Maps can also present changes directly.
Maps can also zoom in on a particular street - or even a particular house.
Maps can be a combination of different types.
Maps can be an invaluable tool for the modern gold miner.
Maps can be available for all events Flyers can be available and downloaded for all events.
Maps can be available under password login.
Maps can be awash with raucous color and jump out at the viewer.
Maps can be color-coded to bring out contrasting features in the landscape.
Maps can be e-mailed.
Maps can be for two, three, or four players.
Maps can be fun .
Maps can be misleading.
Maps can be misread.
Maps can be multiple pages in size.
Maps can be of any type, but our tastes run toward small, fast-paced maps.
Maps can be output on plotters, printers and various file types.
Maps can be over the entire study area or zoomed to individual hydrologic basins.
Maps can be shaded relief or satellite imagery and can show day-night boundaries or cloud cover.
Maps can be slow to load when using a modem.
Maps can be symbolic, imaginary, or just plain useful.
Maps can be very simple or very complex.
Maps can be wrong.
Maps can come in many forms and typically require a significant amount of detailed information.
Maps can contain errors, sometimes east becomes west, and west becomes east.
Maps can contain info on restaurants, hotels etc.
Maps can depict many types of phenomena in the encounter between people and place.
Maps can enrich lessons in almost any academic discipline.
Maps can generate a street map to most destinations.
Maps can graphically display the diversity, and the changes.
Maps can have various features included such as political boundaries and topographical features.
Maps can help discussion, analysis, decision-making, management and evaluation.
Maps can include a variety of information, such as floodplains, earthquake zones, and demographics.
Maps can include bathymetry, topography, national boundaries, rivers and channels, cities, etc.
Maps can include flooplains, earthquake zones, and demographics.
Maps can introduce whole new geographies.
Maps can no longer be static.
Maps can now be one or two levels.
Maps can provide a reader with an incredible amount of information.
Maps can range in size from one piece of paper to a massive five foot by five foot poster.
Maps can retain their original scale or be rescaled as needed.
Maps can reveal the lay-out of the city, how land was used, and how the city grew.
Maps can show political boundaries or physical features such as earthquake faults or rivers.
Maps can show thousands of features of the human and physical geography of the earth.
Maps can take much longer.
Maps can take the form of wall hangings, postcards, placemats, jigsaw puzzles, etc.
Maps can use any kind of image source from photographs to computer-generated designs.
Maps can vary widely in complexity, as shown in the examples on the following pages.
Maps can zoom through four levels due to the incredible level of detail.
Maps change daily as new information is added.
Maps change hourly and all the files can be downloaded here.
Maps Check out our interactive map of Canada below.
Maps Choose an area map, a local map, or download a local map for printing.
Maps circulate for one week with one renewal.
Maps classify the uses for every segment of coastal wetlands.
Maps Click for zoomable map.
Maps click here .
Maps click here.
Maps Click on a quad to retrieve the data for that quad.
Maps Click on a thumbnail to see a larger view.
Maps Click on an individual square to get close-up view.
Maps Click on any title below for show and ticket information.
Maps Click on image for a larger map.
Maps Click on map for enlargement.
Maps Click on maps below to enlarge image.
Maps Click on one of our interactive maps below.
Maps Click on our Canada interactive map below and check out the location of Manitoba.
Maps Click on the map or the list to get a closer view of an individual town.
Maps Click on the maps to see a larger picture.
Maps Click on the thumbnail to get a bigger view.
Maps Click on the thumbnails below to see a full-size map of the campus and area.
Maps Click on the title of the books for more details on each volume.
Maps Click on the town to show map or choose from the list to the right.
Maps Click on the towns listed below to see a map of the surrounding area.
Maps Click the map for regional surface winds.
Maps Come and enjoy some of our sights.
Maps Come and have a great day out with family and friends on one of our non-Festival racedays.
Maps come from many sources.
Maps come from Mapquest.
Maps come in all different scales.
Maps come in all shapes and sizes.
Maps come in many shapes and sizes and have traditionally been printed on paper.
Maps complement each other.
Maps consist of a graphic display of one or more geographic data layers.
Maps consists of ten maps.
Maps constitute a critical element of geography education.
Maps constitute a critical research feature for school-age children.
Maps contain a specific type of knowledge.
Maps contain aeronautical information and ground details.
Maps contain earthquake, flood and weather maps.
Maps contain lake depths, vegetation and other physical features.
Maps contain obstacles including rocks and planets, as well as jump gates to other maps and enemies.
Maps contain the essence of a journey, they show the past, the present and the future.
Maps continue to be one of the hottest segments of the hobby.
Maps convert one input character to one or more output characters.
Maps convey information about a place.
Maps convey information quickly, clearly, and convincingly.
Maps cover areas.
Maps cover both United States and world locations.
Maps cover Colorado and the Rocky Mountain West from time of Spanish exploration to the present.
Maps cover economics, culture, environment, etc.
Maps cover every wall.
Maps cover land and sea battle plans, trade and commerce, territorial claims, terrain, and more.
Maps cover land areas.
Maps cover political, cultural, social and historical aspects.
Maps cover political, social and historical events as well as physical and economic information.
Maps cover regional areas.
Maps cover significant physical and cultural features of the ancient world.
Maps cover small areas.
Maps cover terrains.
Maps covering anthropology are available along with finding aids to assist in their use.
Maps covering areas around the specified areas are available.
Maps covering regions are available but take several minutes to download.
Maps covering the four completed stages are available.
Maps create a demand for more maps.
Maps create as well as represent the reality of the territory.
Maps deal primarily with land as oppopsed to bodies of water or air space.
Maps define phenomena that have a spatial element.
Maps Delivers a collection of fan maps.
Maps depict areas.
Maps depict hot spots.
Maps depict spots.
Maps depicting air and land-related characteristics are available as well.
Maps describe counties, cities, countries, the planet.
Maps describe distribution patterns.
Maps describe patterns.
Maps designed as wayfinding tools generally focus on a variety of wayfinding cues.
Maps designed as wayfinding tools, on the other hand, have a completely different purpose.
Maps detail each newspaper's location with a reference to the surrounding population.
Maps detail geographic information.
Maps detailing our location are available .
Maps differ in detail and scale from country to country and indeed often from region to region.
Maps Discover the geography and maps of ancient and modern Phrygia.
Maps display the spatial pattern of annual and seasonal hail days.
Maps display the stages of Roman conquest.
Maps do vary in quality.
Maps done by community groups are on a rotating display throughout the centre.
Maps download one at a time.
Maps drawn by villagers are among the most useful tools.
Maps efficiently store and communicate geographic information.
Maps Enjoy the comforts of our luxury villa.
Maps Enter a domestic address and view a map of the area.
Maps Enter address and print map of desired area.
Maps Enter an address to generate a map of the area.
Maps Enter any address or street name in the U.S. to get a detailed map.
Maps exists for soil moisture, soil temperature, desertification, phosphorus and more.
Maps Find an address, city or location anywhere in the United States.
Maps Find city and highway maps here.
Maps Find detailed maps of Italy as well as regional and city maps.
Maps Find maps and transportation information here.
Maps Find some top-quality maps made by our skilled members in our maps section .
Maps Find surrounding area maps.
Maps Find the location of Caribbean Islands on our map.
Maps Find the location of Spain in the world.
Maps First choose the continent, and then choose the country and download information and a map.
Maps focus on either South or Central America, depending on the species involved.
Maps follow the same conventions as vision.
Maps forms the hub of a quality system.
Maps generally have some light toning and an occasional minor tear.
Maps generate a map of the contact's location.
Maps generated on the Internet represent an even more fragile picture of digital cartography.
Maps Get a city map, or search for a location.
Maps Get a customized map by street number or ZIP code.
Maps Get a good map of the source and the area around it.
Maps Get a sharp printing Acrobat Version of the Map Click Here .
Maps Get driving directions from anywhere to anywhere.
Maps Get maps and directions to district centers.
Maps Get maps and driving directions to golf courses, golf schools, driving ranges and more.
Maps Get maps and driving directions.
Maps Get maps or driving directions by typing in addresses or zip codes.
Maps Get maps using street addresses and airport codes.
Maps Get tips to help avoid home water damage.
Maps gets a map based on address, city, state, zip code, etc.
Maps give full hypertext links to genetic elements information at a single mouseclick.
Maps give information.
Maps give locations of buildings illustrated.
Maps give the estimated climatic range of each species.
Maps give the location of the area in which the bird is found.
Maps give useful information.
Maps Go back to top of page. .
Maps go in box for safekeeping.
Maps Go to the Bookstore to purchase maps.
Maps graphically display such demographic features as population, income levels and housing values.
Maps hang on walls.
Maps has a great site for door to door driving directions.
Maps has the answer.
Maps have (part) sections.
Maps have a list of the artists currently scheduled to be in that area.
Maps have blue highlighting.
Maps have complete and wider margins than the images below unless otherwise noted.
Maps have cyclic patterns.
Maps have different scales.
Maps have different sizes , objectives , and weapons that players can have .
Maps have different sizes, objectives, and weapons that players can have.
Maps have dots.
Maps have extensive foxing and smudges, but no tears.
Maps have hills and valleys, rivers and lakes, and deserts and forests.
Maps have links to articles.
Maps have normal age toning.
Maps have numerous characteristics that facilitate environmental learning.
Maps have one purpose and murals something else, just as maps are one thing, and poems are another.
Maps have patterns.
Maps have regions of the graphic acting as links to other pages.
Maps have some soiling on the edges and scattered tears, but generally good.
Maps have some water damage, and have been treated and encapsulated.
Maps have three or more bar scales, each in a different unit of measure.
Maps have use in biology and in agriculture.
Maps have wider margins than shown and normal age toning.
Maps have wider margins than shown below and normal age toning.
Maps Help All documents are in Acrobat .pdf format.
Maps Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Maps help create our world view.
Maps help managers deploy resources safely and assess the potential overall damage of the fire.
Maps help people know how to get around.
Maps help people travel from place to place.
Maps help people understand the water basin concept.
Maps help resource managers visualize where objects of interest are located, such as a stream.
Maps help understand locations and development of areas.
Maps helps students apply the geography concepts that have been introduced in their basal text.
Maps helps students visualize history.
Maps Here are links to maps of the classical world.
Maps Here are some scans of historical maps.
Maps however belong to the age of atoms.
Maps identify recent and old landslides, rockfalls, and areas susceptible to sliding.
Maps identify the locations of each of the regions.
Maps illustrate areas.
Maps illustrate countries' membership in alliances or organizations.
Maps illustrate economic, social, and political problems in British history.
Maps illustrate political information.
Maps illustrate product information demographics along with key trading areas and outlet locations.
Maps illustrate the climate of the region.
Maps illustrating the routes are available around town.
Maps include features.
Maps include indicators.
Maps include information.
Maps include major features.
Maps include terrain features.
Maps Includes driving directions.
Maps Includes subway, bus and railroad for the five boroughs.
Maps includes works of and on cartography from the fifteenth century to the present.
Maps indicate high school credit requirements of the state and MATC degree and diploma requirements.
Maps indicate liklihood of temperature or precipitation averaging above or below climatic norms.
Maps indicate locations of forges and furnaces, coal mines, gristmills, sawmills, lumber camps, etc.
Maps indicate locations.
Maps indicate the distribution of each species and their varieties.
Maps indicate the important highways.
Maps indicate where native people, plant and animal species live.
Maps indicate which counties the species are located in.
Maps indicating hunting areas are available at the park office.
Maps is a company which sells and frames reproductions of antique maps.
Maps is a free service that requests address information for the purpose of mapping a location.
Maps is a good location to get a sense of the geography.
Maps is a good online resource.
Maps is a quick link to maps with locations for airports, rest areas, districts and railroads.
Maps is also a good source of information for roadtrips.
Maps is the part of the national bibliography that registers cartographic material.
Maps Knowing where a specimen was collected can be very helpful when trying to identify it.
Maps labeled with multiple years appear to be identical, in Franklin County.
Maps Learn how to read maps and explore maps from all over the world.
Maps Learn the battlefield.
Maps link to each floor's opening page.
Maps Link to highway map, topo map and regional maps.
Maps Link to the Delorme mapping.
Maps locate archaeological sites but there is no extensive discussion.
Maps locate important places.
Maps locate, organize, identify, direct and simplify.
Maps Look at maps and discuss how maps are use.
Maps look detailed.
Maps made by explorers are part of the historical record, too.
Maps make it easy to locate hotels and conference centers.
Maps make it possible to learn the situation quickly.
Maps make the exploration of any road system easy.
Maps Maps it from any address.
Maps marking historic sites are available and easy to follow.
Maps marking the long migration bring geography to life.
Maps merely indicate a surface path providing no information of the condition of the road.
Maps move beyond the family domain and begin to show a child's special places.
Maps Move the mouse over a library name to display a street map.
Maps noting the locations of the galleries are available.
Maps now contain eight different loops complete with mileage.
Maps offer a view of the world as the creator saw it at that particular time.
Maps offer crime analysts graphic representations of such crime-related issues.
Maps offer overviews.
Maps offer topographic data and routes.
Maps online are free.
Maps only point out the direction, diversions and points of interest and traffic buildup.
Maps only represent the environment and make it easier to understand.
Maps organize panels based on when they're used rather than what function they perform.
Maps permeate our lives in ways that are often unacknowledged.
Maps pinpoint their exact location, and jigging spoons are the most effective lures.
Maps play a big part in both the books.
Maps play an important role as a source of data.
Maps plotting distributions of tracts visually display the information gathered.
Maps portray only the information that's been chosen to fit the use of the map.
Maps present the state and regional concentrations of industrial and service companies by industry.
Maps produced by Descartes allow panning and zooming, and the colour symbolism to be changed.
Maps propagate automatically every few minutes if the master server is running the ypupdated daemon.
Maps provide a guide to the main relevant locations within the republics.
Maps provide a high-level guide to terrain that is impossible from the ground.
Maps provide a means by which statistical information can be presented simply and effectively.
Maps provide a relative ranking among watersheds.
Maps provide access to interactive maps and custom driving directions.
Maps provide answers.
Maps provide both the accuracy and ease of use that best delivers the message.
Maps provide continuity and orientation to our world.
Maps provide information.
Maps provide locations.
Maps provide proximate location.
Maps provide the location of seismic lines, outcrop sections and drill holes.
Maps provide the preliminary information to plan the strategy for the campaign.
Maps provide useful information regarding convenient public transportation.
Maps provide valuable information.
Maps provided include vegetation, snow cover, fires, and cloud cover.
Maps provides driving directions and maps.
Maps provides information about most every kind of map in Wisconsin.
Maps provides links to excellent maps available free for non-commercial use.
Maps Provides map of any street address in the United States.
Maps Provides the map of the state which displays important cities and places.
Maps providing four scenic driving tours are also online with suggested tourist sites and stops.
Maps published by the government or the military are generally most accurate.
Maps range from broad panoramas to close-up views of individual streets and buildings.
Maps reach street level detail, or end in advertising home pages for businesses.
Maps Read the passage to be mapped, trying to comprehend as much as possible.
Maps reflect navigation and main content buckets.
Maps remain available for two weeks.
Maps render foreign territory, however dark and wide, fathomable.
Maps represent our three dimensional world in two dimensions.
Maps represent significant areas within each market.
Maps represent the surface of the Earth at various scales and levels of generalization.
Maps require an independent frame of reference to establish their own validity.
Maps require both a scale bar and a north directional arrow.
Maps require plug-ins.
Maps reveal overall spatial orientation and the general relationships of one place to another.
Maps run from very rough to more polished.
Maps save in the '' .
Maps Select a map of any street address in the United States.
Maps Select the letter to look up or scroll down to see the entire list.
Maps send subliminal messages about the relative importance of countries and peoples.
Maps serve a purpose.
Maps serve purposes.
Maps serve very useful purposes.
Maps show access routes, coach set down points and parking areas.
Maps show Alaska, Florida, California, Colorado, Idaho, Indian Territory, Montana, etc.
Maps show all courses in an area with telephone numbers and link to score cards and descriptions.
Maps show all courses in an area.
Maps show all food plot locations, parking areas, trails, swamps, lakes and ponds.
Maps show approximate range.
Maps show areas.
Maps show both old and new wards and the street index lists both old and new names of streets.
Maps show boundaries.
Maps show characteristics.
Maps show cities.
Maps show color.
Maps show county, place, legislative district, voting district, census tract, and block boundaries.
Maps show county-level data on numbers of adherents for Jewish and Christian churches.
Maps show cropland use, population, soil suitability for agriculture, vegetation indices etc.
Maps show Delaware from colonial times to present.
Maps show details.
Maps show different features on the land surface, hence, different types of maps.
Maps show either percent or absolute numbers.
Maps show exploitation.
Maps show extent.
Maps show favorite shrubs, the sandbox where castles are made, and the climbing tree.
Maps show fish passages completed and in progress.
Maps show forest reserves and timber licenses.
Maps show freeways, state highways, country roads and city streets for medium and large cities.
Maps show geographic and demographic information in addition to various environmental feature.
Maps show geographic distribution and grade of mineral-resource commodities.
Maps show geographic ranges.
Maps show highways and arterial streets, plus communities, rivers, national parks and forests.
Maps show how people visualize the world and relate to it.
Maps show individual airline locations within specific terminals.
Maps show it on the northwestern coast of Africa, but maps can be deceiving.
Maps show jet streams.
Maps show lakes.
Maps show lakes.
Maps show locations of dikes, levees, river miles, and navigational markers.
Maps show locations of pandas in the wild.
Maps show locations of sample sites and concentrations of metals.
Maps show locations.
Maps show major areas of rainforest destruction, drought, and over-population.
Maps show major cities.
Maps show migration routes.
Maps show more cancers in urban than rural areas.
Maps show names and appropriate codes for geographic areas.
Maps show nearby points of interest.
Maps show no road in that area.
Maps show orientations.
Maps show paths.
Maps show patterns.
Maps show places.
Maps show points of interest.
Maps show positions.
Maps show properties.
Maps show protected areas, future perspectives and international comparisons.
Maps show ranges.
Maps show regions.
Maps show rezoning applications in z-sheet format.
Maps show river structures, public boat ramps, and river miles.
Maps show rivers, lakes, and state and Indian territory boundaries.
Maps show roads that access trailheads making it very easy to find how to get there.
Maps show roads.
Maps show routes.
Maps show scales and locations, but getting a real sense of place is a multi-dimensional exercise.
Maps show service areas and the location of each generating station.
Maps show sites.
Maps show soil characteristics.
Maps show station locations and routes that are used.
Maps show streams.
Maps show summer and winter ranges, breeding grounds, and other range information.
Maps show surface and subsurface conditions, streets and lots.
Maps show the area of the quake, color-coded for depth.
Maps show the areas where the selected language is spoken.
Maps show the best photo locations.
Maps show the breeding and winter ranges.
Maps show the channels, sandbank and buoys.
Maps show the distribution of each species in the state of Oklahoma.
Maps show the local rates of occurrence of the various conditions.
Maps show the location of major uranium clusters within the provinces.
Maps show the location of soils in a county.
Maps show the locations of member company fabs in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Maps show the locations of the sites and give a short description of cultura l affiliations.
Maps show the locations where the four hijacked commercial airplanes crashed.
Maps show the progress of the fire as it consumed major landmarks in Chicago.
Maps show the proposed historic district and heritage trail.
Maps show the range for each species.
Maps show the regional incidence of radon and gamma rays.
Maps show the spatial extent and severity of the worst year for each drought.
Maps show topographical relationships and indicate scale and distance.
Maps show unconsolidated deposits, bedrock deposits, cross sections, and geologic columns.
Maps show urban service areas where infrastructure is provided and growth is planned.
Maps show well locations and depth to water, and contours of water-level elevation.
Maps show where each casino is located.
Maps show where it's happening.
Maps show where scientists have recorded each species in the forest.
Maps show where things are located.
Maps showing clinic locations are available at the information desk in the lobby.
Maps showing Community District boundaries are available in branch libraries.
Maps showing depths at greater intervals are less useful.
Maps showing flooded area during past major floods are invaluable if found.
Maps showing global climatic patterns closely match vegetation maps.
Maps showing numbered fields are available for examination at the Library and the parish halls.
Maps showing only the pertinent portion of the building are next to the doors in all rooms.
Maps showing open areas and details on Refuge hunting programs are available at the headquarters.
Maps showing the arrangement of the collection are available.
Maps showing the assessment orbit ground tracks are below.
Maps showing the hiking trails are available free from the district ranger.
Maps showing the location of the hotels are available.
Maps showing the probability of exceeding median rainfall are now available for any world region.
Maps showing the proposed changes are on display for public viewing in each of the above schools.
Maps showing the walkways and emergency telephones are available.
Maps showing ward boundaries and enumeration districts are also available for the local area.
Maps shows civil districts.
Maps shows location of graves by state in the cemetery.
Maps specify limits and boundaries.
MAPs speed up nucleation.
MAPs stabilize microtubules by inhibiting the dissociation of tubulin from microtubules.
Maps start out with a street map covering the exhibit facilities.
Maps start referring it as Hart Island.
Maps symbolizing interval or ratio data provide more precise information.
Maps Take a look at our extensive selection of maps for sale .
Maps take a while to download, unfortunately.
Maps take priority if subsidized with funding and are under time constraints.
Maps take time to construct without some special purpose tools.
Maps tell history as much as they depict it.
Maps tell how to find the swamps.
Maps tell stories.
Maps tell the story.
Maps There are many types of maps available.
MAPs try to keep abreast of international trading laws and policies.
Maps Turn here for directions to our three campuses.
Maps use CGI programs to redirect the browser to new URLs.
Maps use colors to represent different features.
Maps use light, medium and dark tints of colour to define variances in range.
Maps use symbols such as points, lines, area patterns and colors to convey information.
Maps use the directions north, south, east, and west to help locate objects or features.
Maps used for environmental applications tend to contain many highly changeable features.
Maps used for navigation come in all types and sizes.
Maps Using the atlas in the room, calculate the miles traveled from Ohio to Egypt.
Maps vary greatly in quality, type and size.
Maps vary greatly in the type and complexity of data that they portray.
MAPs vary with the cell type.
Maps View a map of the campground layout.
Maps View a map of the surrounding area.
Maps View many different helpful maps of our state and learn more about the Hoosier State.
Maps View many different helpful maps of our state.
Maps View more detailed maps of the area.
Maps visually describe certain geographical areas.
Maps Welcome to our shop.
Maps work with popular page layout, presentation, illustration, and writing programs.
Maps always seem to be in short supply during emergency operations.
Maps frequently help people to make decisions.
Maps often contain useful demographic information.
Maps often convey subtle prejudices about the superiority of nations and cultures.
Maps often have a larger scale and include more detail than atlas maps do.
Maps usually list the variation right on the map.
All maps appear to be present.
All maps are a summary.
All maps are also available for screen viewing .
All maps are also available via anonymous ftp .
All maps are also available with lamination.
All maps are available for purchase.
All maps are available for use on both all platforms.
All maps are available in .pdf format.
All maps are available in paper or laminated, and are suitable for framing.
All maps are available in paper or laminated.
All maps are client-side image maps.
All maps are completely scalable and in color.
All maps are currently available.
All maps are custom, using specific data for each transmitter site.
All maps are downloadable and printable .
All maps are drafts subject to revision.
All maps are easy to fold, and handy and easy to read.
All maps are empty and there is enough space for the hexagonal playing pieces.
All maps are from the CSLA campus to the various schools.
All maps are grid, indexed and cross referenced for quick and easy location.
All maps are hand-colored in outline.
All maps are hand-drawn, app.
All maps are in .GIF or .JPG form.
All maps are in .pdf format.
All maps are in black and white.
All maps are in full-color.
All maps are in good condition unless otherwise noted.
All maps are most recent editions.
All maps are on microfilm unless otherwise stated.
All maps are on the same quantitative scale.
All maps are one sheet unless otherwise noted.
All maps are printable.
All maps are royalty free.
All maps are scalable to any size.
All maps are subject to modification by future episodes.
All maps are subject to prior sale.
All maps are subjective in that they involve a process of selection and omission.
All maps are to be done and turned in by the end of the period.
All maps are woodcuts of extraordinary clarity on paper in excellent condition.
All maps circulate for the library's regular loan period.
All maps come annotated with state names, county names, etc.
All maps contain full contact details and directions.
All maps contain new textures by various artists, listed in the readme file with the map.
All maps contain the geographic latitude and longitude grid markings.
All maps cover the combined Germany.
All maps distort the earth's surface.
All maps have a complete index.
All maps have a horizontal scale.
All maps have ample margins.
All maps have catalogue entries.
All maps have certain goals.
All maps have good bot support and can pretty much be found online at all times.
All maps have Japanese documentations with English abstract.
All maps have original outline hand color.
All maps have places of interest marked.
All maps have the .zip extension.
All maps have their uses in teaching, learning, and carrying on with the business of life.
All maps listed on the Online Maps page are available by request.
All maps print smoothly and make excellent, full-page transparencies.
All maps remain the property of their respective authors.
All maps represent all known or suspected aspects of the actual reality.
All maps show different parts and areas of the country.
All maps show rivers, valleys, creeks, and dwellings.
All maps show the current bacteriological classification.
All maps use a consistent color coding system to represent well yields.
All maps use London for the prime meridian, except the U.S. map which uses Philadelphia.
Any map is a result of joint work of an editor, cartographer and designer.
Any map is a subjective generalization.
Any map is destined to be rough and potentially flawed.
Every map focuses on a population center and includes the immediate surrounding area.
Every map has a laminated cover.
Every map has a purpose or theme.
Every map has a scale that shows how many inches equal a mile.
Every map has a special exit.
Every map has hundreds of thousands of streets and cities.
Every map has insets that contain a locator map, the height of the land-mass and a scale legend.
Every map has new trails on it.
Every map induces a plan.
Every map is distorted.
Every map is made for a purpose and serves that purpose best.
Every map is supplied with a mass of historical and linguistic information.
Every map needs a back door.
Every map prints on a single page.
Many maps also have contour lines, each of which joins up all the points at the same height.
Many maps also visualize also the population density and the change of population.
Many maps are also on microfiche or microfilm.
Many MAPs are banks.
Many maps are fairly large and very detailed.
Many MAPs are traditional banks, but banks are often wary of small, new e-commerce businesses.
Many maps are visually and architecturally boring.
Many maps belong to large national or international sets consisting of many sheets.
Many maps circulate for a period of three weeks.
Many maps cover very large areas such as Alaska or the conterminous United States.
Many maps have dots at each one degree.
Many maps have 'hot spots', usually any items of interest are listed under the map as well.
Many maps illustrate the survey.
Many maps now show both names for the mountain, since both are considered officially correct.
Many maps provide both regional, metro, and downtown views of the cities.
Many maps share similar scenarios.
Many maps show an overhead view.
Many maps show dozens of beaches in a ring around the entire island.
Many maps show the changes that took place in the development of the harbor.
Many maps show the winter and summer ice averages.
More maps are available at Mapquest .
More maps are available here.
More maps are available in their gallery .
More maps are on the way, so stay tuned.
Most maps also depict dams, rapids, riffles, and alternate routes through side channels.
Most maps also have some shields packs lying on the ground for ya, as well.
Most maps also show a Western bias by splitting the earth in the middle of the Pacific or India.
Most maps are accessible by finding aids.
Most maps are available both in printed and digital format.
Most maps are available either folded or rolled.
Most maps are color.
Most Maps are Flat for more details.
Most maps are of cities in Europe and North America.
Most maps are pictures of some aspect of the real world.
Most maps are political or topographic.
Most maps are political, showing borders and railways and a high density of settlements.
Most maps are shaded relief and included are some historical maps.
Most maps are shaded relief and some historical maps are included.
Most maps are simply scans from hardcopy and put in the internet.
Most maps are two-dimensional, i.e. identifying location requires two components.
Most maps are very attractive as well as informative.
Most maps are very large.
Most MAPs charge a flat monthly fee just for the merchant account itself.
Most maps circulate for four weeks.
Most maps circulate.
Most maps cover land areas.
Most maps cover regional areas.
Most maps cover relatively small areas of about one mile by one and a half miles.
Most maps cover small areas.
Most maps cover the entire region or a portion of the region on one sheet.
Most maps depict a lot of information in a small amount of space.
Most maps depict hot spots.
Most maps describe distribution patterns.
Most maps describe patterns.
Most maps display a location at a particular time.
Most maps don t portray it very well, either.
Most maps drawn during the war reflect the exigencies of the struggle.
Most maps give information.
Most maps give useful information.
Most maps hang on walls.
Most maps have cyclic patterns.
Most maps have dots.
Most maps have patterns.
Most maps have some water tunnel.
Most maps have their own theme.
Most maps have what is called a key or legend.
Most maps indicate locations.
Most maps occur in series, or on sheets with other maps.
Most maps offer overviews.
Most maps omit it entirely.
Most maps packaged in the game have several command points.
Most maps provide answers.
Most maps provide information.
Most maps provide valuable information.
Most maps serve purposes.
Most maps show a place looking down on it from above.
Most maps show boundaries.
Most maps show characteristics.
Most maps show cities.
Most maps show color.
Most maps show details.
Most maps show exploitation.
Most maps show extent.
Most maps show geographic ranges.
Most maps show it in a separate box with Alaska, so they probably have no clear idea.
Most maps show jet streams.
Most maps show land.
Most maps show locations.
Most maps show major cities.
Most maps show migration routes.
Most maps show orientations.
Most maps show positions.
Most maps show properties.
Most maps show regions.
Most maps show roads.
Most maps show routes.
Most maps show sites.
Most maps show soil characteristics.
Most maps show springs, but they can be very hard to locate, or dry.
Most maps show streams.
Most maps show the family name on each house.
Most maps show the grid letter in the datum information box.
Most maps show the trail starting at the south campground and proceeding due west.
Most maps simply cover the town concerned.
Most maps use a constant interval.
Most maps use compromise projections.
Some maps also show underwater structures such as old creek or river channels and inundated roads.
Some maps are a long download, but worth it.
Some maps are alittle dark, so seeing people it alittle hard.
Some maps are also available over the Internet.
Some maps are also available.
Some maps are an exercise in beauty.
Some maps are available on each networks web site or directly from each network's engineering team.
Some maps are bilingual, some are in Korean only.
Some maps are defensive, some offensive, and some are just plain pretty.
Some maps are expansive and absolutely awesome.
Some maps are fairly simple, representing mostly open, level terrain.
Some maps are in our heads.
Some MAPs are independent service organizations.
Some maps are more accurate than others.
Some maps are on paper.
Some maps are original while others are copies of maps with annotations.
Some maps are very large and difficult to display, reducing their value.
Some maps are well lit, some are played out in semi-gloom.
Some maps below are portrait and some are landscape.
Some MAPs charge an additional fee for each chargeback transaction.
Some maps come with a separate guide.
Some maps connect sunlight.
Some maps consist of photographs.
Some maps contain more than one county.
Some maps contain topographic lines, others are planimetric.
Some maps describe ranges.
Some maps display more than one state.
Some maps have a brief explanatory paragraph.
Some maps have a dozen or more states.
Some maps have a light pencil notation of a date under a title, else, maps are clean.
Some maps have different layers.
Some maps have goals that can be used by any player to score, while others have team-specific goals.
Some maps have layers.
Some maps have more info, photos and interactivity than others.
Some maps have more than one entrance.
Some maps have names of residents.
Some maps have no scale.
Some maps have several layers.
Some maps have several types of relief.
Some maps have some very light foxing.
Some maps have structural cross sections.
Some maps have two different colored spots.
Some maps illustrate distribution.
Some maps indicate land holders in counties and municipal districts.
Some maps indicate ranges.
Some maps look like images.
Some maps make it apppear that one can drive around the Island.
Some MAPs make quite a killing out of unexpected costs, contingency fees, and penalties.
Some MAPs make quite a profit off unexpected costs, contingency fees, and penalties.
Some maps make use the small boxes to indicate an absolute rate of traffic.
Some maps offer aerial photos.
Some maps offer details.
Some maps offer photos.
Some maps provide templates.
Some maps reflect the influence of the industry and agriculture on the state of the air and water.
Some maps represent freeze temperature.
Some maps represent temperature.
Some maps require shockwave plug-in.
Some maps require 'transportation'.
Some maps show actual flight tracks.
Some maps show atmospheres.
Some maps show cloudy atmospheres.
Some maps show concentration.
Some maps show conditions.
Some maps show counties.
Some maps show current conditions.
Some maps show current weather conditions.
Some maps show death.
Some maps show density.
Some maps show details around the beach, inlet, and town.
Some maps show differences of temperature .
Some maps show differences of temperature.
Some maps show distribution.
Some maps show disturbance zones.
Some maps show drought.
Some maps show epicenters.
Some maps show evolution.
Some maps show flight tracks.
Some maps show forecast snowfall.
Some maps show fronts.
Some maps show hotspots.
Some maps show in separate windows.
Some maps show low pressure.
Some maps show median concentration.
Some maps show middle atmospheres.
Some maps show migration.
Some maps show potential.
Some maps show precipitation.
Some maps show pressure.
Some maps show relevant resources.
Some maps show resources.
Some maps show ridges.
Some maps show runoff.
Some maps show security situations.
Some maps show several road options north of the headquarters.
Some maps show situations.
Some maps show snowfall.
Some maps show spots.
Some maps show state parks.
Some maps show structure contours.
Some maps show submerge ridges.
Some maps show surface water.
Some maps show temperature.
Some maps show tiny variation.
Some maps show tops.
Some maps show tracks.
Some maps show types.
Some maps show variation.
Some maps show water.
Some maps show weather conditions.
Some maps show weather.
Some maps show zones.
Some MAPs stabilize microtubules , inhibiting depolymerization.
Some maps stretch for miles, whereas others are much smaller.
Some maps suggest habitats.
Some maps take even more unusual forms.
Some maps use colour coding to show elevation.
Some maps use forty-foot contour intervals, while others use twenty.
Some Maps use more than one Icon to define a single green site.
Some maps wait their whole lives for something to happen.
Some maps work either way.
Mapes offers practical suggestions for fostering an environment that challenges common assumptions.
Mapfile fields are customizable to both user s data usage and standards.
Mapk activation determines renal epithelial cell survival during oxidative injury.
Maple bats are harder and more durable than common ash bats.
Maple Bay is busy with boats, families and fun.
Maple cable defeats it in stability.
Maple candies are very much a candy of today.
Many Maple commands operate only on expressions, or only on functions.
Maple cream has a consistency of thick honey.
Maple cream is also available.
Maple cream is great on toast, breads and rolls, muffins, waffles and french toast.
Maple cream is located in jars.
Maple documents are much like a word processor document.
Maple dowels laced with fiber webbing create a useful and decorative shape.
Maple firewood is superior for heating and cooking.
Maple floors are difficult to sand and stain well.
Maple floors contrast beautifully with deep oak door and window frames.
Maple floors enhance the decor with a rich, warm glow.
Maple framework ensures no warp or shrinkage.
Maple hardwood laminates.
Maple help is useful.
Maple input appears in typewriter text font.
Maple keys fall all year.
Maple keys have wings.
Maple leafs are emblems.
Maple leaves are actually red and green in all seasons.
Maple leaves complete the corners.
Maple leaves rot faster than oak leaves.
Maple leaves adopt their brilliant reds, yellows and oranges.
Maple leaves are high in calcium and potassium, and tend to break down easily.
Maple leaves are three-lobed with long stalks.
Maple leaves burn very easily.
Maple leaves make the brightest colors.
Maple manuals are available in computer room adjacent to microcomputer lab.
Maple plots points for the value of the function at the endpoints of each segment.
Most maple producers tap trees that reproduced naturally from seeds in the forest.
Maple products are also important.
Maple programming is a long subject in and of itself.
Maple River has a new name and a new attitude.
Maple River is right next door to one of the North's great new courses, Hidden River.
Maple routines enable students to see geometric objects, quickly and easily.
Maple sap contains two sugars, levulose and dextrose.
Maple sap is a clear liquid containing water, sugar and other nutrients important for tree growth.
Maple sap is a clear, colorless, liquid.
Maple sap is a colorless liquid taken directly from the maple tree.
Maple sap is a colorless liquid with a light, sweet taste.
Maple sap is boiled to remove the water and concentrate the sugars in a process called evaporation.
Maple sap is clear, slightly sweet, and has consistency of spring water.
Maple sap is collected from the trees several times a day.
Maple sap is composed of water and sugars.
Maple sap is found in the living tissues of the roots, stems, twigs and trunk of the maple tree.
Maple sap is really just water absorbed by the roots and mixed with the sugars stored in the trees.
Maple sap is thin, barely sweet, and as colorless as spring water.
Maple sap is thin, barely sweet, and as colorless as water.
Maple seeds are carried by the wind.
Maple seeds are superb autorotating helicopters.
Maple seeds have structures that are wing-shaped, so they travel really well on the wind.
Maple seeds spin away like little helicopters with a single wing.
Maple seeds spin in the wind on wing-like attachments.
Some maple seeds have structures.
Maple sheet illustrating how moving waves going in opposite directions add to a standing wave.
Maple spread is a delectable topping for toast, muffins or other similar products.
Maple street goes by the old mill.
Maple street leading out of the small town, has a small pond on each side.
Maple sugar comes from the evaporated maple syrup.
Maple sugar is a dry version of maple syrup.
Maple sugar is a wonderful topping on coffee cake, cold cereal, oatmeal and crumb cakes.
Maple sugar is available in many natural or gourmet food stores.
Maple sugar is carbohydrates.
Maple sugar is food.
Maple sugar is got from trunks of maple trees .
Maple sugar is got from trunks of maple trees.
Maple sugar is obtained from the sap of maple trees.
Maple sugar is obtained from trunks of maple trees.
Maple sugar is sugar
Maple sugar is the ultimate flavour of Canada.
Maple syrup adds delicious sweetness, and the canola oil provides richness.
Maple syrup bends the light dramatically striking much higher on the scale.
Maple syrup brings natural sweetness to every bite.
Maple syrup comes from the maple tree, an amazing natural sugar-making factory.
Maple syrup comes from the sap of sugar maple trees.
Maple syrup contains nutrients.
Maple syrup creates sticky Canadian ties.
Maple syrup grades.
Maple syrup has many uses.
Maple syrup has twice as much calcium as milk.
Maple syrup is a complex sugar which takes much longer to digest than simple sugars.
Maple syrup is a gift appropriate for any occasion.
Maple syrup is a natural and very unique product.
Maple syrup is a pure, all natural product.
Maple syrup is a traditional sweetener, which has been around for hundreds of years.
Maple syrup is also a simple sugar, but, again, is much sweeter than white sugar.
Maple syrup is also somewhat helpful.
Maple syrup is better than sugar and so is fructose found in health food shops.
Maple syrup is condiments.
Maple syrup is divided into four grades.
Maple syrup is expensive because sugar maple farms are relatively small family-run operations.
Maple syrup is expensive but has a unique flavor.
Maple syrup is food.
Maple syrup is governed by state law with respect to density, color and flavor.
Maple syrup is graded by color, flavor and clarity.
Maple syrup is graded by color.
Maple syrup is high in sucrose and two-thirds as sweet as sugar but metabolized just as quickly.
Maple syrup is made by boiling down the sap.
Maple syrup is made from the boiled concentrated sap of the sugar maple.
Maple syrup is made from the sap from maple trees that is boiled until it thickens.
Maple syrup is made from the sap of maple trees.
Maple syrup is made from the sap of sugar maple trees, and is a combination of sucrose and glucose.
Maple syrup is made from the sweet sap that is stored in the trunk of the sugar maple.
Maple syrup is made using sap from sugar maple trees .
Maple syrup is made using sap from sugar maple trees.
Maple syrup is one agricultural crop in which there is no surplus.
Maple syrup is prepared for packing in two ways.
Maple syrup is produced only in Eastern North America.
Maple syrup is sold in different grades.
Maple syrup is strong tasting, high in potassium and calcium.
Maple syrup is sweetener
Maple syrup is syrup.
Maple syrup is the first crop harvested in Michigan each year.
Maple syrup is the first farm crop to be harvested in Michigan each year.
Maple syrup is the only pure natural sweetener available in a liquid form that comes from Canada.
Maple syrup is the product made when water is evaporated out of maple sap.
Maple syrup is to Vermont as truffles are to France, bourbon to Kentucky, or caviar to the Ukraine.
Maple syrup tastes much better than white sugar or brown sugar.
All maple syrup has a regulation sweetness, measured by hydrometers and refractory tests.
All maple syrup produced according to standard methods is made by exactly the same process.
Most maple syrup contains nutrients.
Most maple syrup is made from sugar maple sap.
Some maple syrup provides energy.
Some maple syrup provides sustain energy.
Maple trees are an area for animals to live in.
Maple trees are deciduous plants.
Maple trees are trees.
Maple trees demonstrate the stability brought on by slow consistent growth.
Maple trees experience very little feeding by skeletonizers.
Maple trees form an important component of the deciduous forests of North America, Europe, and Asia.
Maple trees grow in the spring and summer.
Maple trees have particularly bright red and yellow leaves in the fall.
Maple trees have several identifying features.
Maple trees line a promenade which encircles a glistening reflecting pool.
Maple trees offer the most dazzling colors of the season.
Maple trees provide homes, shelter and food for wildlife.
Maple trees provide homes.
Maple trees thrive in a soil that is acidic and slightly sandy.
Maple trees turn apple red oak pumpkin orange and hickory summer squash yellow.
Most maple trees provide homes.
Maple V is a comprehensive computer system for advanced mathematics.
Maple V is a mathematical problem-solving and visualization system.
Maple V is a mathematical software package.
Maple V is available for a number of different machines and various operating systems.
Maple V is available for a wide range of computer systems.
Maple V is foremost a mathematical tool.
Maple V is primarily a symbolic math toolkit.
Maple V is to be used in solving only the specified homework problems.
Maple woods grow on north slopes and areas protected from fire.
Maple worksheets can go either way.
A maple is wood
Maple adds a visual and dynamic representation to the computational ones produced by students.
Maple adjusts the y-range automatically, so the whole graph is visible.
Maple agrees with our findings.
Maple allows a user to plot vectors.
Maple allows to determine permutation.
Maple also allows for picewise given functions.
Maple also allows for the calculation of limits.
Maple also divides polynomials.
Maple also gives a nice sound as well as purple heart.
Maple also has the capability of solving multiple order differential equations.
Maple also knows how to do definite integrals.
Maple also provides excellent cover.
Maple also provides the user with a lot of graphical power.
Maple can also handle function that are defined in a piecewise manner.
Maple can also solve differential equations with the dsolve command.
Maple can also solve O.D.E.s numerically.
Maple can be sweet and clear but still project.
Maple can deal with irrational roots in several ways.
Maple can do all sorts of integrals.
Maple can do floating point arithmetic to arbitrary precision.
Maple can factor polynomials.
Maple can find the basis of the nullspace directly.
Maple can generate graphs of chaotic systems, but it is an extremely computationally intensive task.
Maple can generate series for all sorts of strange things.
Maple can handle a variety of situations with simple commands.
Maple can handle initial value problems, as well.
Maple can have a more interesting pattern but a lot depends on where the wood was grown.
Maple can perform basic mathematics or arithmetic.
Maple can perform numerical computations, manipulate symbolic expressions, and plot graphs.
Maple can perform operations on the individual entries of a matrix.
Maple can plot a function defined by an integral.
Maple can process functions as well as expressions but the syntax is often different.
Maple can provide the feel of a big stick without the extra weight of a hickory stick.
Maple can return the current date directly from the operating system.
Maple can return the expression for as a fraction containing either or .
Maple can solve an equation for one unknown or more than one unknown.
Maple can solve differential equations.
Maple can solve multiple equations.
Maple can take all sorts of derivatives.
Maple can take from here.
Maple can work like a conventional calculator with integers or floating point numbers.
Maple carries out the command and prints a response.
Maple comes in many varieties such as soft maple, figured, and white.
Maple comes mostly from Bosnia and was difficult to obtain for several years during the war there.
Maple computes two-sided limits.
Maple connects the plotted points with straight line segments.
Maple contains many packages of subject specific library functions.
Maple contains no toxic or bad-tasting substances, unlike Walnut and most tropical woods.
Maple curved hatrack is multicolored with lacquer.
Maple does a nice job with predator-prey problems .
Maple does exact calculation.
Maple does much more than graph functions and perform routine calculations.
Maple does rational arithmetic.
Maple easily performs addition and multiplication of vectors and matrices.
Maple exercises to compute torsion and bond angles from a pdb file.
Maple expresses an interval as a real range.
Maple hopes to have the purchase finalized by the end of the year.
Maple is a bit harder, but it still carves really well.
Maple is a common top wood.
Maple is a computer algebra, numerical analysis, and technical graphics package.
Maple is a computer program for people doing mathematics.
Maple is a harder wood and has shown to last longer than ash bats.
Maple is a language for symbolic mathematical calculation.
Maple is a marksman from the court and the free throw line.
Maple is a mathematical computation and visualization package.
Maple is a mathematical problem-solving and visualization software.
Maple is a mathematics oriented computer software.
Maple is a modern and professional tool for doing all aspects of mathematics.
Maple is a much lighter and less dense wood than hickory.
Maple is a natural sweetener with great versatility.
Maple is a package for prototyping problems.
Maple is a package for symbolic mathematics.
Maple is a pale wood with a fine grain.
Maple is a powerful mathematics software system.
Maple is a powerful system which integrates symbolic, numerical, and graphical calculations.
Maple is a program which performs symbolic, numeric and graphical functions.
Maple is a symbolic computation system.
Maple is a symbolic equation solver.
Maple is a symbolic mathematical computation program.
Maple is a symbolic mathematics package.
Maple is a system for doing mathematics on the computer.
Maple is a system for mathematical computation in a symbolic, numerical or graphical form.
Maple is a very comprehensive computer algebra system.
Maple is a very dense, hard, strong, and heavy wood compared to most.
Maple is a very powerful tool to perform a least-square fit on the data.
Maple is a wood that is evenly textured with a natural luster.
Maple is a young adult male.
Maple is able to compute the left limit, the right limit, and the limit of a function.
Maple is accessible on the campus student net.
Maple is an application that performs standard numerical computations.
Maple is an excellent calculator.
Maple is an excellent tool for a wide variety of computational tasks.
Maple is an extremely powerful tool for performing complex mathematical work.
Maple is an interactive program for symbolic computation.
Maple is available for a wide range of computer systems.
Maple is available in a variety of figure and it is an excellent tonewood.
Maple is available in many campus computer labs.
Maple is available on campus computers for the students' use.
Maple is easy to include comments and animations.
Maple is extremely hard and dense.
Maple is extremely hardy and produces some of the highest quality lumber known.
Maple is fairly comprehensive.
Maple is good at taking limits.
Maple is great for smoking cheese.
Maple is hard, heavy and strong with very fine texture and grain.
Maple is harder than oak, and can stand up better in commercial use.
Maple is kewl.
Maple is light, but can be stained dark with walnut and mahogany.
Maple is much less durable than hickory or oak.
Maple is now co-ed by floor, and has a learning community on each floor.
Maple is often the wood of choice for fine musical instruments, gunstocks, and similar produces.
Maple is on all university instructional and research computers.
Maple is only on the downtown PCs so far.
Maple is our most popular wood.
Maple is smooth and clear so it give a good fine furniture appearance.
Maple is sweet but less smoky.
Maple is the best software tool for doing differential equations.
Maple is the food of preference for the beetle.
Maple is the most commonly infested tree genus in North America, followed by elm and willow.
Maple is the wood most commonly used in the United States, while beechwood is popular in Europe.
Maple is the world's most advanced software system for serious mathematical applications.
Maple is useful for solving equations both analytically and numerically and for visualizing results.
Maple is versatile enough to offer informality as well.
Maple is what-is called a computer algebra system.
Maple is willing to work with function calls it has no recipe for explicitly calculating.
Maple isa wood.
Maple just has a good atmosphere for studying without getting diverted by parties.
Maple knows all about series.
Maple knows many other functions.
Maple leaves the size of dress-shields.
Maple leaves the size of wind-screens.
Maple looks well, is popular and fairly low priced.
Maple makes up roughly a third of the total.
Maple offers various lines of speaker cables, interconnects, jumpers, and power cables.
Maple only allows assignment to names.
Maple operates best under a windowing system.
Maple performs best on problems involving symbolic, as opposed to numerical computation.
Maple produces a mildly smoky, light taste.
Maple provides a strong, well-balanced timbre with solid lows and crisp highs.
Maple provides a very good on-line tutorial which touches upon many basic commands and functions.
Maple provides automatic storage management.
Maple provides sets of solutions when there is more than one.
Maple provides several useful programming tools, but lacks a methodology.
Maple provides the functions solve and fsolve to solve equations .
Maple reads input until a semicolon or colon is entered.
Maple removes all duplicates.
Maple returns the simplest form of the solution while preserving absolute accuracy.
Maple shows a variety of interesting grain patterns, but the the grain is tight and smooth.
Maple still has a close association with the manufacture of Early American style furniture.
Maple sugaring in Vermont has a long history.
Maple sugaring, winter sliding, apple picking, and country fairs are a few.
Maple then assigns the problem solutions to the variables.
Maple There are also Maple labs to go with the course.
Maple tries to give exact answers.
Maple use square brackets to indicate a list and curly braces to indicate a set.
Maple views a matrix as a list of lists.
Maple works primarily with whole numbers or fractions.
Maples are a deep crimson.
Maples are a good example for possible sunscald.
Maples are a good example.
Maples are also affectionate, in a motherly fashion.
Maples are an important source of lumber.
Maples are at peak and the red oadks are just starting.
Maples are at peak color with colors ranging from red orange to yellow.
Maples are economically important trees and are an important lumber species.
Maples are king, along with staghorn sumac, which has long, pointy leaves that turn bright red.
Maples are medium to small deciduous trees with watery sap which is sometimes sugary.
Maples are more prevalent along streams than along rivers.
Maples are notorious for tearing up sidewalks.
Maples are plants.
Maples are popular as shade trees and often have brilliantly colored foliage in the fall.
Maples are quite susceptible.
Maples are software.
Maples are suitable for landscaping and bonsai.
Maples are the most widely planted shade trees in many northeastern cities.
Maples are trees that have primeval fire in their souls.
Maples are widely adaptable and hardy in most parts of the country.
Maples are wood.
Maples bellow yellow and orange chants as they wave limbs at the sky, clear and blue.
Maples contribute to shades.
Maples do quite well with regular lawn watering and an occasional deep watering during dry times.
Maples flower in the spring, either before or at the same time the leaves appear.
Maples generally contain a amount of sugar.
Maples grow just about everywhere making the fall and summer very beautiful.
Maples have circumferences.
Maples have opposite leaves.
Maples have superior taste.
Maples have taste.
Maples make for a winning combination.
Maples particularly benefit.
Maples points out all actors aren t so thoughtful.
Maples produce seeds.
Maples produce wing seeds.
Maples shell, eight lug with Super Hoop.
Maples show evidence.
Maples tend to cycle in the years they produce a plentiful amount of seed.
Maples vary in resistance.
Maples often develop irregular growths or swellings known as galls on their leaves.
Maple sometimes mishandles the signum function.
All maples adapt readily to containers - from half whiskey barrels to bonsai.
All maples age to a golden honey color.
Most maples are ay peak as well.
Most maples are polygamous, the same inflorescence bearing both bisexual and unisexual flowers.
Most maples bear male and female flowers on the same tree.
Most maples contribute to shades.
Most maples grow in regions with climates that are neither very cold nor very warm.
Most maples have circumferences.
Most maples have superior taste.
Most maples produce seeds.
Most maples produce wing seeds.
Most maples show evidence.
Most maples suffer from iron chlorosis or are sensitive to salts in western irrigation water.
Some maples grow in zones.
Some maples have curly grain.
Some maples have grain.
Some maples tolerate moderate drought.
Mapped areas use shapes and coordinates.
Mapped classes can have transient attributes.
Mapped drives are available only when the host computer is also available.
Mapped drives are special.
Mapped landmarks can look similar, and trails are sometimes rerouted.
Mapped shadows are generally preferred.
A mapper is a clerk
Mapper can open and save in all formats.
Mapper changes to better handle large dynamic networks.
Mapper changes to prepare to support bridging to ethernets.
Mapper draws the relationships between contigs, as shown below.
Mapper gives the processing power to enter, edit, and manage spatial data quickly and easily.
Mapper is a presentation tool for easy and fast data visualization on high quality thematic maps.
Mapper is a toolset to expediate building Enhydra applications.
Mapper is free.
Mapper is optimized for fast drawing of maps on the screen.
Mappers are an example.
Mappers have a destination in mind.
Mappers see levels differently than other people.
Mappers transform data into geometry, e.g isosurface or arbitrary slice.
Any mapper knows how horrible, stressful, and deadly leaks are.
Many mappers find making maps more enjoyable than playing the game itself.
Mapping service creates a street map centered on the coordinate.
Mapping services are available for outlining Trading Areas in single and multiple family locations.
Mapping software displays the results by census block.
Mapping software is included.
Mapping software is now very high performance and inexpensive.
Mapping software is used to rearrange incoming data into individual user formats.
Mapping software makes the whole process of creating sales territories very intuitive.
Mapping software offers many exciting possibilities for deadline and enterprise reporting.
Most mapping software provides a general location based on street address.
Mapping adds the prospect of focusing advertising on local market potential.
Mapping allows a more intuitive approach to linking through associated areas of large graphics.
Mapping allows plant breeders to see what other characteristics are linked to that one trait.
Mapping also assists analysis efficiency when evaluating market penetration.
Mapping also helps to keep track of how fast flows are advancing toward areas where people live.
Mapping also highlights valuable mineral resources, including limestone, coal, oil, and gas.
Mapping also is helpful in seeing how different assets can work together.
Mapping also is offered.
Mapping also works for whole class as well as small group discussion.
Mapping appears to provide a unique opportunity for interdepartmental cooperation.
Mapping are procedures.
Mapping begins by choosing a general region of the country from a series of maps.
Mapping can also help determine if course content is properly sequenced.
Mapping can determine what a gene's role is in inheritance.
Mapping can make clear to students the key ideas on which to focus.
Mapping can make clear to students the key ideas to focus on.
Mapping can play an important role in both areas as it is an excellent means of communication.
Mapping consists of identifying and delineating wetlands from remotely-sensed images.
Mapping Defines the relationship between fields of the source document and target document.
Mapping drives k .
Mapping eliminates excessive device administration required from network administrators.
Mapping establishes vertical and horizontal control networks.
Mapping fits well with law enforcement's current emphasis on community-oriented policing.
Mapping helps doctors to determine if the patient's cancer has spread to the lymph nodes.
Mapping illustrates what is happening within human or biotic community or ecosystems.
Mapping indicates at least seven distinct flow units and two possible subunits.
Mapping integrates the processes of the whole brain.
Mapping involves creating an image for an environment and positioning one's self within it.
Mapping involves moving a catheter around the heart chamber to identify areas of abnormal tissue.
Mapping is a crucial step in any curriculum integration, promoting better student achievement.
Mapping is a graphic representation of the content of a lecture.
Mapping is a navigational skill that can be done prior to, and during, a ride.
Mapping is a particular style of note-taking where a tree is built around a central concept.
Mapping is a process in which each new locus provides another tool for future studies.
Mapping is a technique much like brainstorming with a dominant visual element.
Mapping is a technique that is also used in the context of PRAs.
Mapping is a test of sequence.
Mapping is a useful and sometimes essential way to to learn how to get from one place to another.
Mapping is a valuable technique for complex products such as microspheres.
Mapping is a very tedious process.
Mapping is an art form.
Mapping is an integral part of our work.
Mapping is an interactive method of organizing information, knowledge, thoughts and ideas.
Mapping is another popular function of GEOdynamics.
Mapping is applied to source paths and object file paths.
Mapping is available for single-database searching.
Mapping is available now for the United States and worldwide mapping is coming soon.
Mapping is by far the most common transducer.
Mapping is carried out at two scales.
Mapping is compiled on the half-tone cronaflex quadrangle base.
Mapping is conducted on topographic base maps and air photos.
Mapping is conformal everywhere but at the origin and infinity.
Mapping is crucial to any mass appraisal.
Mapping is crucial to exploring and understanding distributions of geographic phenomena.
Mapping is customizable and, while there is a bit of a learning curve, moderately easy to pick up.
Mapping is done by autonomous agent based modeling of content.
Mapping is done by the complex phenomenon of development.
Mapping is done of user interaction with the application.
Mapping is done onto a set of linked genetic markers with known recombination frequencies.
Mapping is essential to developing strategies to get things done.
Mapping is incomplete, resource inventories and documentation usually poor.
Mapping is like seeing the future.
Mapping is much like brainstorming, but it is more visual.
Mapping is now in progress .
Mapping is on aerial photographs supported by topographic maps.
Mapping is on air photo and topographic bases.
Mapping is only the first step in a long process.
Mapping is performed by the functional manager responsible for the business management system.
Mapping is preliminary to developing an applications-link.
Mapping is quite possibly the poor man's game development.
Mapping is still in progress.
Mapping is the precursor to all other human activities.
Mapping is the process of adjusting the scale of maps applied as patterns in a material.
Mapping is the quantitative tool used to measure success and future improvement.
Mapping is used to improve health care services in unique ways.
Mapping is very much an artform.
Mapping is well along in Fleming County which was used as an example of the technology.
Mapping is what enables a specific control to be located by the user.
Mapping locates problem areas, which field assessments then examine in detail.
Mapping mean annual and other rainfall statistics over southern Africa.
Mapping needs to continue because literally hundreds of sites have yet to be identified.
Mapping offers the student a chance to organize reading, writing, thinking and speaking processes.
Mapping Possess the ability to communicate on various geographical and environmental subjects.
Mapping reflects the subscribing libraries.
Mapping requires polymorphisms between the individuals being mapped.
Mapping requires the use of another image.
Mapping reviews all subdivision plats to ensure conformance with the County's regulations.
Mapping See data mapping.
Mapping See gene mapping, linkage map, physical map.
Mapping seems to be feasible if there is, indeed, an implied relationship.
Mapping shows an extensive range of man-made and natural features at different scales.
Mapping stops upon reaching the end of the result sequence or any of the input sequences.
Mapping takes work, and doesn t catch hosts that are down Some network links are ephemeral.
Mapping uses high resolution satellite textures to be as close as possible to reality.
Mapping works fine.
Mappings allow more general keys, but define no order of their elements.
Mappings are in many cases almost as fast as vectors.
Mappings are mutable objects.
Mappings are one of the least understood parts of model-based technology.
Mappings are useful in counting.
Mappings are viewable by looking at a detailed record in the cross collection search .
Mappings define transformations such as curves, surfaces, areas and volumes.
Mappings maps a key sequence to a command.
Mapping usually takes place as part of the process of managing or realizing widgets.
All mapping is accomplished with point and click.
All mapping is sold subject to our regular terms of business .
All mappings are now interface-specific.
Most mapping is done using black and white photography.
Most mapping supplied by vendors has problems.
Some mappings have side conditions.
Some mappings require the presence of several triples.
Maprotiline hydrochloride is contraindicated in patients with a history of seizures.
Maptech topos are available by region or state.
Most maquiladora workers come to Tijuana from other parts of Mexico where unemployment is high.
A maquiladora is an assembly plant
Maquiladoras buy only about two percent of their components in Mexico.
Many maquiladoras currently lack personnel due to low wages and difficult conditions.
A mar is an appearance
Mars being smaller that Earth, is easier to see around.
Mars lander with surface rover.
Mars orbiter to observe interaction between Martian atmosphere and the solar wind.
Mara isa rodent.
Maras are rare among rodents in that they mate for life.
Maras dig burrows.
Maras eat grass.
Maras have (part) brains.
Maras have (part) breasts.
Maras have (part) cell membranes.
Maras have (part) cells.
Maras have (part) chest cavities.
Maras have (part) chests.
Maras have (part) corpi.
Maras have (part) cytoplasm.
Maras have (part) ears.
Maras have (part) faces.
Maras have (part) heads.
Maras have (part) nuclei.
Maras have (part) pedal extremities.
Maras have (part) piluses.
Maras have (part) plasma membranes.
Maras have (part) rib cages.
Maras have (part) sections.
Maras have (part) skulls.
Maras have (part) sterna.
Maras have (part) vacuoles.
Maras have (part) vertebrate feet.
Maras make for fascinating and unique pets- for some people.
Most maras eat grass.
Some maras have african heritage.
Some maras have heritage.
Some maras have legs.
Some maras have undersides.
Some maras have white undersides.
Some maras live for years.
Some maras mate for life.
A marabout is a stork
Most marabouts inherit their position and their disciples from their fathers.
A maraca is a musical instrument
Maracas are also part of the bomba percussion instruments.
Maracas are hollow shakers made out of empty gourds or carved from wood.
Maracuja tea is a natural sedative.
Marakoopa cave is a large cavern with two underground streams.
A marang is edible fruit
Marang turns green-yellow when ripe.
A maranta is a herb
Maranta is another genus in the Marantaceae.
Marasmic kwashiorkor is a deficiency of both protein and calories.
Marathon County is recognized as having one of the finest park systems in the state.
Marathon County is the leading county in the nation for ginseng production.
Marathon County needs to do something with it's trail bed.
Marathon County offers ideal recreation opportunities the year around.
Marathon County ranks number one in the nation in milk and cheese production.
Marathon County Welcome to Marathon County.
A marathon runner is a runner
Marathon runners are a mad bunch.
Marathon runners are often musculer .
Marathon runners are olds.
Marathon runners are stupid.
Marathon runners are very special.
Marathon runners come in all shapes, sizes and age.
Marathon runners have blue eyes.
Marathon runners retire from a race for many reasons.
Marathon runners say that a healthy diet is essential to lead a productive life.
Marathon runners tend to have more slow twitch fibers.
Marathon runners use arnica before and after a race to prevent and ease pain.
Some marathon runners get tasks.
Some marathon runners say their safety is sometimes at stake, too.
Marathon running is a luxury like the pursuit of things unnecessary to sustenance like art.
Marathon running is a psychological, as well as physical, game.
Marathon running is for adults.
A marathon is a project
Marathon also offer fluffers, binwalls and sorting platforms .
Marathon distances as indicated.
Marathon isa task.
Marathon running and training is for experienced runners .
Marathon running, like any sport, requires a certain amount of selfishness.
Marathon start for casual walkers.
Marathon still has secrets to reveal.
Marathon strives to be a reliable supplier to our customers.
Marathons are for kooks.
Marathons are great distance.
Marathons are hard.
Marathons are long runs.
Marathons are playing games.
Marathons are races.
Marathons are sports events.
Marathons are strictly for runners.
Marathons are the only ones that immidiately comes to mind.
Marathons are video games.
Marathons can be long, brutal affairs that have the potential to crush a man to nothing.
Marathons make for great excitement.
Marathons promote humility.
Any marathon is a big event in a runner's life.
Any marathon is a collection of many individual stories.
Every marathon is different.
Many marathons provide orange wedges along the course.
Most marathons provide bananas, yogurt and other easily digested high-carbohydrate foods.
Some marathons fill several months before the event.
Some marathons now have a race walking category.
A marathoner is a runner
Marathoners are runners.
Marathoners burn almost exclusively glycogen during a race.
Marathoners come in all ages.
Marathoners come in all shapes and sizes.
Marathoners do a lot of limping and creaking in the morning.
Marathoners get the special 'brew crew' welcome.
Marathoners love our aid crews.
Marathoners never forget the halfway point.
Marathoners regularlly maintain high heart rates for long periods.
Marathoners say there's nothing like experience in training for their sport.
Marathoners tend to start slowly in order to conserve energy for the long road ahead.
Marathoners frequently go down with bad infections a few days after the race.
Many marathoners simply hate to undertake speed work.
Many marathoners use it before they race.
More marathoners follow.
Some marathoners are stick people, but most are just folks and some are decidedly overweight.
Some marathoners lose weight, some gain weight as they gain muscle mass and some stay the same.
A marauder is an attacker
Marauders invade the city.
Marauders serve the forces chaos directly.
A maravilla is a flower
Maravillas even brings in fresh food for late-night snacks.
Marble floors enhance the elegance of the spacious dining room.
Some marble godwits have notes.
Some marble godwits join shorebirds.
Marble Heads are pear shaped with marbles imbedded in their telescoping heads.
Marble Island is well within sight of the mainland.
Marble lungfishes occupy areas.
Most marble lungfishes occupy areas.
Marble polecats approach prey.
Marble polecats emit secretion.
Marble polecats emit smell secretion.
Marble polecats have coats.
Marble polecats have furry tails.
Marble polecats have long furry tails.
Marble polecats have long tails.
Marble polecats have short legs.
Marble polecats have tails.
Marble polecats occupy habitats.
Marble polecats use burrows.
Most marble polecats approach prey.
Most marble polecats emit secretion.
Most marble polecats emit smell secretion.
Most marble polecats have coats.
Most marble polecats have furry tails.
Most marble polecats have long furry tails.
Most marble polecats have long tails.
Most marble polecats have short legs.
Most marble polecats have tails.
Most marble polecats occupy habitats.
Most marble polecats use burrows.
Marble quarries can also be very large.
Marble salamanders live in damp woodlands.
Marble salamanders live in woodlands.
Marble statues stand poised on pedestals before the archways of Stuttgart's state art gallery.
Marble stone consists of wavy layers of colored sediments that harden into rock.
Marble actually metamorphoses to limestone from a major change.
Marble can be a high-maintenance choice for a stone countertop.
Marble can be fine or coarse.
Marble can stand heavy use but can be stained or scratched.
Marble causes games.
Marble comes out of the ground somehow.
Marble commonly appears in curbs and sidewalks, as well as in building details.
Marble demands special attention.
Marble facade lower detailing.
Marble has a fantastic ski school, offering various levels of instruction.
Marble has many color variances due to the impurities present at formation.
Marble has many different sizes of crystals.
Marble has one brown and one blue eye.
Marble has the same advantages and disadvantages as other carbonate rocks.
Marble is a beautiful, but expensive floor covering.
Marble is a beautiful, porous stone that requires special care.
Marble is a classic furniture and architectural stone, and it looks great in vintage kitchens.
Marble is a coarse, crystalline metamorphic rock composed almost entirely of calcite or dolomite.
Marble is a common building material here, and is also used for kitchen sinks.
Marble is a crystalline sort of stone.
Marble is a dominate feature of the Cycladic landscape.
Marble is a form of limestone, or an alkali.
Marble is a form of metamorphic rock.
Marble is a metamorphic limestone or dolostone.
Marble is a metamorphic rock composed of calcite like limestone and travertine.
Marble is a metamorphic rock formed by the re-crystallization of limestone.
Marble is a metamorphic rock formed from limestone.
Marble is a metamorphic rock that forms when limestone is subjected to heat and pressure.
Marble is a metamorphic rock that is formed from the sedimentary rock limestone.
Marble is a metamorphic rock with large crystals.
Marble is a metamorphic rock.
Marble is a natural product.
Marble is a natural stone, a porous product when compared to glazed ceramic tiles.
Marble is a porous and soft substance that can be damaged by water and air pollution.
Marble is a softer stone, and tends to wear more easily, where as granite is much harder.
Marble is a stone
Marble is a very easy place to visit as things stand at present.
Marble is a wonderful natural material that breathes.
Marble is actually a limestone that can be polished.
Marble is an attractive and easily worked rock that has long been used for monuments and sculptures.
Marble is an example of a sedimentary rock that has been changed into a metamorphic rock.
Marble is another example of a metamorphic rock.
Marble is another former employer.
Marble is attached to a surface with a special glue tinted to match as closely as possible.
Marble is balls.
Marble is bands.
Marble is basically the same type of rock as crystalline limestone.
Marble is beige and brown.
Marble is considered a carbonate rock .
Marble is delicate.
Marble is dense , with a good range of colors .
Marble is dense, with a good range of colors.
Marble is essentially the domestic classic tabby pattern which has been modified by feral genes.
Marble is etched by acids.
Marble is everywhere.
Marble is found in many places.
Marble is found under the segmentation rock.
Marble is frequently very like silver is frequently very like in vain.
Marble is located in games.
Marble is located in jars.
Marble is located in pouchs.
Marble is located in stores.
Marble is metamorphic rocks.
Marble is metamorphized from heat or pressure.
Marble is metamorphosed limestone or dolomite.
Marble is metamorphosed limestone.
Marble is mined exclusively from limestones and dolostones of Paleozoic age in north Arkansas.
Marble is mined in Georgia.
Marble is moderately hard to work.
Marble is now available for use in the Triton engineering computer labs.
Marble is one of the best materials for building a loudspeaker.
Marble is one such material.
Marble is problematic because it is soft and slippery.
Marble is quarried in Vermont, Tennessee, Missouri, Georgia, and Alabama.
Marble is quarried, and anthracite coal and ar- gentiferous lead are mined.
Marble is rather self-explanatory.
Marble is rocks.
Marble is rounds.
Marble is sculpture.
Marble is shipped out in slabs and in crates in boxcars and flats.
Marble is significantly softer than granite and therefore subject to greater wear and weathering.
Marble is simply limestone that has been subjected to great pressure and heat.
Marble is slightly more popular, but it is really personal preference.
Marble is software.
Marble is spheres.
Marble is stones.
Marble is Taiwan's most important mineral.
Marble is the cheapest building-stone about Philadelphia.
Marble is the dominant form of stone as several states' contributions meld together in perfect form.
Marble is the most common stone for furniture.
Marble is the result of an unusual natural phenomenon.
Marble is the site for the symposium.
Marble is the standard of luxury.
Marble is ubiquitous.
Marble is used as a building stone and as ornamental rock, such as for carving statues.
Marble is used as dimension stone and in paper and plastic.
Marble is used for decoration of about half the area of walls of Moscow Metro.
Marble is used for games.
Marble is used for roll.
Marble is used for sculptures, and coal is used for fuel and energy like light.
Marble is used for shoots.
Marble is used throughout the building and highlighted in details such as office fireplaces.
Marble is very porous.
Marble is white with green and lavender veins running through it.
Marble is, like slate, relatively soft and quite easy to carve.
Marble is, when it is new, a very attractive stone, but wears terribly.
Marble isa material.
Marble isa stuff.
Marble lends itself especially well to the delicate craftsmanship of screen and inlay work.
Marble pick up - Place a marble, or wadded piece of paper, on the floor.
Marble requires special care to ensure many years of beauty.
Marble run The first team to get a marble to run through the tubes from the start to the finish.
Marble shines best in the bathroom.
Marble still remains from old churches.
Marble surrounds around the tubs are very popular.
Marbles add something to a piece by themselves without using a single extra cut.
Marbles are . . .
Marbles are a type of toy.
Marbles are further down on page.
Marbles are just plain beautiful to look at and fun to play around with.
Marbles are neat and cool.
Marbles are now the rage among the small boys.
Marbles are round and smooth, having no jagged edges.
Marbles can be an integral part of the class.
Marbles come in all sizes from pea to golfball.
Marbles come in many different sizes.
Marbles develop enduring skills.
Marbles Have History, Too.
Marbles make a satisfying clunk as they land in divots.
Marbles represent leaves, grass clippings, or hazardous wastes.
Marble sometimes stains.
Most marble is susceptible to damage from citric acid and alcohol.
Most marbles are in the same color family but different degrees and intensities.
Some marble already contains fractures.
Some marble has areas.
Some marble has surface areas.
Some marbles are more durable than others.
Some marbles are two inches in diameter.
Some marbles have a fine, crystalline texture, large breccia or small fossils.
Marbled boards are very worn and stained.
Marbled boards are very worn.
Marbled cheesecake meets marbled paper.
Marbled colors offer the best choice for creating a finished look with a molded-in color.
Marbled cookies are beautiful and easy.
Marbled fabrics delight the eye, whirling colors providing unique textile artistry.
Marbled foyers give way to soft leather, oriental carpets and fine art.
Marbled godwits are big, light brown shorebirds with long legs.
Marbled Godwits are large shorebirds with slightly upturned bills.
Marbled Godwits are the only mostly cinnamon colored godwit in North America.
Marbled godwits breed once per year.
Marbled godwits change their diet depending on the time of year and place where they live.
Marbled godwits communicate by making noises, or calling.
Marbled godwits have large territories where they feed and have their nests.
Marbled godwits live a long time.
Marbled godwits live in a larger area than any other kind of godwit .
Marbled godwits move slowly while feeding.
Marbled godwits spend most of their time on the ground, and can walk quickly as well as run.
Most marbled godwits spend their entire lives within North America.
Marbled lungfish inhabits a variety of habitats.
Marbled meat is veined with fat.
Marbled page ends.
Marbled paper is a wonderful addition to handmade books as the cover or inside sheet.
Marbled pencils are even more fun as the sharpened end has lovely unpredictable swirls.
Marbled polecats are most active during the morning and evening.
Marbled polecats have a reddish-brown back, with patches of white or yellow.
Marbled rays have small grinding teeth used to feed on shrimps, crabs, worms and snails.
Marbled salamanders are dependent on very specific pool hydrology for reproduction.
Marbled salamanders are very common in West Virginia, probably occurring in every county.
Marbled salamanders have bands of white, grey, or silver on their backs.
Marbled salamanders inhabit forests, though they spend most of their time in burrows in the soil.
Marbled salamanders lay eggs in the rising waters of vernal pools.
Marbleized color is part coverage and part futuristic sheen.
Marbling images have a visual appeal second to none.
Marbling paper is technically a monoprinting process, a form of printing that creates one original.
Marbling paper is where one creates a design on a sized medium and captures the color creation.
Marblized ornaments are easy to make.
MARC formats are an exception.
MARC records are a standard format that allow exchanges of data between various sites or systems.
MARC records are a standardized library system of record keeping.
MARC records are generic.
MARC records are machine-readable bibliographic descriptions of items held by member institutions.
MARC records are now available for distribution.
MARC records are one example.
MARC records can now be importedeasily with an optional interface module.
MARC trains continue to stop here.
MARC trains use the station.
A marc is brandy
MARC archives many related lists too.
MARC encourages state legislators to support legislation for a primary seat belt law.
MARC helps identify and encourage research creativity through independent research.
MARC increases choices for access and display while retaining the economics of shared cataloging.
MARC provides programs and services for individuals with mental retardation and their families.
MARC records on disc, cassette tape, or nine track reel tape are available for any type of material.
MARC upload and download for participants.
Marcs are brandy.
Some marcasite rings are available in other sizes.
Marcasite stones come from pyrite.
A march is a walk
Marches are life-transforming for people.
Marches can be slow marches or quick marches .
Marches have a good rhythm.
Marches have good rhythm.
Marches move briskly to match the energy of soldiers going to war.
Marchs are books.
Marchs are months.
Marchs are processions.
Marchs are progress.
Marchs are walks.
Marchs cause marchs.
All marches share some characteristics.
Every march has a strong rhythm and a meter of two or four beats per measure.
Marches also have the distinct advantage of being able to link sites.
Marches are usually in favor of recognition and of parity.
Marches can be slow marches or quick marches.
A marcher is an inhabitant
Marchers are inhabitants.
Marchers are pedestrians.
Marchers are sure to emphasize that most states have relatively limited gun control laws.
Marchers carry signs and banners urging continued support for the arts in Iowa.
Marchers carry signs and chant as they walk from one place to another.
Marchers cross the bridge spanning the Rock River to visit both towns.
Marchers enjoy the scenic route.
Marchers pass out hugs and pieces of candy and carry the children on their shoulders.
Marchers visit homes and sprinkle water as a blessing.
All marchers have a small kit for repairing blisters.
Most marchers say they accomplished their goals.
Marcive loading is forthcoming.
Some mare flows fill their craters completely and even spill out onto the surrounding landscape.
Mare inspection includes judgement and scoring of conformation and gaits on the triangle.
Mare Island is in the background.
Mare Island is more than just an educational facility for the college.
Mare owner agrees to give stallion owner notice when the mare comes into heat.
Mare owner agrees to give the Breeder ample opportunity to settle the mare.
Mare ridges are other possible examples of deformational features.
A mare is a horse
Mares abort suddenly without signs of illness, and the fetus shows no signs of degenerative change.
Mares also cooperate in defending the family and especially protect foals against predators.
Mares also lead the harem or herd.
Mares also reach their full size at five, stallions a year later.
Mares are also sneaky.
Mares are animals.
Mares are beautiful, athletic and excellent producers .
Mares are carefully video monitored during birth and foals are all imprinted.
Mares are eligible to be bred at age two, but are generally bred at age three.
Mares are equines.
Mares are especially sensitive to the health problems associated with tall fescue.
Mares are extraordinarily fertile, having a longer breeding life than other breeds.
Mares are female animals.
Mares are horses.
Mares are located in fields.
Mares are long day breeders.
Mares are long-day breeders.
Mares are mammals.
Mares are most fertile just before, or around thetime of ovulation.
Mares are notorious for proving even the experienced palpator wrong.
Mares are of German, French and Dutch studbooks.
Mares are open areas.
Mares are part of horses.
Mares are plains.
Mares are powerful creatures.
Mares are regions.
Mares are the foundation of every good breeding program.
Mares are usually consistent in their foaling pattern from year to year.
Mares are usually more excitable, especially when in heat.
Mares become very aggressive, having stallion-like behavior.
Mares can and do abort without ill effects.
Mares can be quite satisfactory for the average well endowed male.
Mares can fight, the same way.
Mares can foal in a variety of locations, depending on the weather and facilities available.
Mares can have completely different cycles from year to year.
Mares can have one or two foals.
Mares can hold off labor for some time if they feel uncomfortable with the audience.
Mares carrying colts tend to have a longer gestation.
Mares come from rangelands primarily in Nevada, California, Utah, Oregon, Wyoming and Idaho.
Mares eat oats and does eat oats and little lambs eat ivy.
Mares eat oats, and does eat oats, and little lambs eat ivy.
Mares experience the same affliction between their udders.
Mares find stallions very attractive.
Mares generally give birth to a single offspring, or on rare occasions, twins.
Mares generally give birth to one young every three years.
Mares get sores from the urine bag strapped between their legs.
Mares give birth to a single foal in the spring.
Mares have two follicular waves each cycle.
Mares have two X chromosomes, of which one is passed to their sons and one to their daughters.
Mares have white ice cream cone shaped facial markings and no other white.
Mares like to find a marshy, hidden area in which to give birth, presumably to hide from predators.
Mares mature at two years of age and are usually bred at three.
Mares normally deliver only one foal.
Mares normally give birth to their first foal when they are between three and six years of.
Mares prefer a quiet, low-lit area for foaling, one that is free from excessive noise and activity.
Mares produce antibodies against diseases common to that environment.
Mares seem to take to the game quicker in general than geldings.
Mares show a great deal of variation in their estrus behavior.
Mares stay with the group after birth.
Mares tend to be registered over geldings, especially with solid foals from Paints.
Mares tend to follow the same foaling pattern year after year.
Mares typically develop an odorless, grayish-white mucopurulent vulvar discharge of uterine origin.
Mares uriniate to the rear, giving the hair a slight yellowish tone on the tapered end.
Mares walk around.
Mares often look more refined and prettier, but can have dramatic behavior changes when in estrus.
Mares sometimes produce twelve to thirteen foals during their lifetime.
All mares are exceptional.
All mares develop an inflammation after breeding.
All mares sell with complete health and reproduction records.
Any mare stalled for medical attention or any other reason is subject to stall rates.
Many mares have double ovulations.
Many mares posses a known imbalance in their hormonal make-up.
Many mares seem to appreciate the warmth, too.
Many mares suffering from heaves become pregnant year after year and deliver fine, healthy foals.
More mares exist than jennets, and more jacks exist than stallions.
Most mares like to foal when it is quiet and they are undisturbed.
Some mares always show only subtle signs of estrus.
Some mares are available for sale.
Some mares are grouchy just before estrus, some during and some after.
Some mares are violent in their rejection of a stallion when in diestrus.
Some mares can be troublesome during estrus.
Some mares can get very moody while in heat.
Some mares grazing fescue have reproductive problems during the last trimester of pregnancy.
Some mares have copious quantities, while others only have a limited supply to offer the offspring.
Maret teachers enjoy teaching across division lines.
Most Maret teachers hold master degrees, and many have more than one advanced degree.
Margaret island is a place to get away and relax.
Margaret island is the site of two spas and outdoor concerts each summer.
A margarin is ester
Margarin is a mixture of stearin and palmitin.
Margarine eaters have twice the rate of heart disease as butter eaters.
Margarine products contain no cholesterol.
Margarine sales take the lead over butter.
Margarine tubs make good substitutes for bowls.
A margarine is paste
Margarine isa food.
Margarine isa nutrient.
Margarines are condiments.
Margarines are fat.
Margarines are food.
Margarines are groceries.
Margarines are light.
Margarines are mixture.
Margarines are spread.
Margarines are yellow.
Many margarines are dairy, but a few are pareve.
Many margarines are high in poly- unsaturated fats.
Many margarines contain trans-fatty acids.
Many margarines contain whey.
Most margarine is made from vegetable fat and provides no dietary cholesterol.
Some margarine have flour as an additive.
Some margarines are available that have no trans-fatty acids.
Some margarines prevent diseases.
Some margarines raise levels.
Margarita Island is much larger than many of the Caribbean Islands.
Margarita Island is no exception.
Margarita Island is truly a gem.
A margarita is a cocktail
Margaritas are a special blend and there are over a thousand tequilias to choose from.
Margaritas are a specialty of the house.
Margaritas are also the third most popular drink consumed at home.
Margaritas are another alternative.
Margaritas are available by the glass or pitcher.
Margaritas are cocktails.
Margaritas are free for an hour each day in our bar.
Margaritas are from a foamy green mix.
Margaritas are great too.
Margaritas are hot sellers at most Mexican restaurants in the area.
Margaritas are kick-ass.
Margaritas are king and rum drinks are as plentiful as the pubs themselves.
Margaritas are prepared the same, but the rim is coated with lime and dipped in coarse salt.
Margaritas are strong and biting - like a swim in the Caribbean Sea.
Margaritas are the people's choice of beverage for Mexican food.
Margaritas sound great . .
Margay cats live in trees that stand in thick jungles The temp.
A margay is a wildcat
Margay are more aquatic than penquins.
Margay isa cat.
Margay prefers to live their life in solitary.
Margays adapt to arboreal life.
Margays adapt to life.
Margays also live in rainforests.
Margays also resemble ocelots, which often live in the same area.
Margays are a type of small cat.
Margays are agile hunters, leaping after and chasing birds and monkeys through the treetops.
Margays are believed to be more nocturnal than ocelots.
Margays are felines.
Margays are found in humid tropical forests from northern Argentina to Mexico.
Margays are intolerant of altered habitat, refusing to cross open areas with no cover.
Margays are less aquatic than ocelots.
Margays are mammals.
Margays are quite capable of climbing down a tree head first.
Margays are reclusive animals.
Margays are slim and graceful, with long legs and a long tail.
Margays are small spotted cats that can be found living in trees.
Margays are solitary animals, except during and shortly after mating, and are generally nocturnal.
Margays are solitary creatures.
Margays are solitary except for a mother with kittens.
Margays are the wizards of the tree tops, and are beautifully adapted to their arboreal habitat.
Margays are very good tree climbers,and climb all the time.
Margays are wildcats.
Margays are without question the best climbers of all cats.
Margays attain weight.
Margays can hang from a branch by one back foot.
Margays can walk down tree trunks head first when they descend to the ground.
Margays chase squirrels.
Margays communicate by scent marking their territory in such ways as spraying urine.
Margays eat fruit.
Margays eat most tree animals and birds.
Margays give birth to a single kitten.
Margays give birth to their young in a hollow of a tree.
Margays have (part) brains.
Margays have (part) breasts.
Margays have (part) cell membranes.
Margays have (part) cells.
Margays have (part) chest cavities.
Margays have (part) chests.
Margays have (part) corpi.
Margays have (part) cytoplasm.
Margays have (part) ears.
Margays have (part) faces.
Margays have (part) heads.
Margays have (part) nuclei.
Margays have (part) pads.
Margays have (part) paws.
Margays have (part) piluses.
Margays have (part) plasma membranes.
Margays have (part) rib cages.
Margays have (part) sections.
Margays have (part) skulls.
Margays have (part) sterna.
Margays have (part) vacuoles.
Margays have eyes.
Margays have fur.
Margays have large feet with flexible toes.
Margays have large, flexible paws with long claws.
Margays have long tails.
Margays have other useful features for life in the trees.
Margays have tails.
Margays have the ankle flexibility needed to climb down trees head first.
Margays inhabit areas.
Margays inhabit regions.
Margays inhabit same regions.
Margays like to hunt high in the tree canopy.
Margays live from Mexico in the north all the way south to northern Argentina.
Margays live in forests, both deciduous and evergreen.
Margays live in trees.
Margays look very much like a small ocelot.
Margays open eyes.
Margays reproduce slowly.
Margays resemble a young ocelot.
Most margays adapt to arboreal life.
Most margays adapt to life.
Most margays attain weight.
Most margays eat fruit.
Most margays have eyes.
Most margays have fur.
Most margays have long tails.
Most margays have tails.
Most margays inhabit regions.
Most margays inhabit same regions.
Most margays live in trees.
Some margays adapt for life.
Some margays eat mammals.
Some margays eat prey.
Some margays eat small mammals.
Some margays feed on arboreal prey.
Some margays feed on prey.
Some margays have ability.
Some margays have neighbours.
Some margays live for years.
Some margays show dimorphism.
Some margays show low sexual dimorphism.
Some margays show sexual dimorphism.
A margin account is a brokerage account
Margin accounts are easy to set up on both sites.
Margin accounts ensure financial obligation of contract holder.
Margin buying is at record levels.
A margin call is demand
Margin calls require account holders to put up more cash or liquidate the account.
Margin debt is money people borrow to buy stocks.
Margin lending is about a different approach to building wealth.
Margin loans are available on request.
Margin loans create cash crunch.
Margin money is like a security deposit or insurance against a possible future loss of value.
Margin money refers to earnest money placed in a brokerage account to cover potential losses.
A margin of error is a margin
A margin of error is an index
Margin of error involves sample size, standard deviation and z-score.
Margin of error is higher when comparing subgroups.
Margin of error is of one to one and a half per cent.
Margin of error is one of the most difficult statistical concepts to understand.
Margin of error is plus or minus five points.
Margin of error is plus or minus three percentage points.
Margin of error reflects estimates around fifty percent where the error margin is largest.
Margins of error are allowable and sanctions against guessing can be included.
Margins of error are higher in sub-groups.
Margins of error are large.
Margins of error occur when a population is incompletely sampled .
Margins of error occur when a population is incompletely sampled.
Margin of victory is important because it helps compare teams.
Margin of victory is important.
Margins of victory can be interesting, suggestive, worth probing for a number of reasons.
Margin requirements are also usually lower with spreads.
Margin requirements are another area of significant difference.
Margin requirements are subject to change without notice.
Margin requirements hold for such reductions as well.
Margin requirements remain the same as they are during traditional market hours.
Margin requirements vary for different commodities.
Margin trading is definitely to be avoided.
Margin trading is risky.
A margin is an edge
Margin accounts .
Margin Calculates marginal returns to nitrogen fertilizer.
Margin call A demand for additional funds because of adverse price movement.
Margin Call A margin call is a demand for more collateral on a margin account.
Margin calls for the customer's account.
Margin calls force traders to put in cash on a losing position, or take the whole loss.
Margin can also work against the trader.
Margin can be extremely helpful to youth workers, their spouses, and their families.
Margin changes the distance between the edges of the field and the characters inside.
Margin cuts both ways.
Margin defines the amount of space between the border of the element and any other element.
Margin edges a a bit browned.
Margin exaggerates both good and bad results.
Margin has light spotting and browning on edges.
Margin is a function of risk.
Margin is a legitimate option for investors.
Margin is a secured loan, with stocks, bonds, and other securities serving as collateral.
Margin is aided by all of the primary and support activities.
Margin is as essential as food, air and water.
Margin is black ink.
Margin is called from the time the option is exercised until the equity transaction is settled.
Margin is calm.
Margin is defined as the percentage of the selling price represented by gross profit.
Margin is derived from half window minus bit-shift value.
Margin is doubly serrate.
Margin is energy.
Margin is entire.
Margin is larger than shown.
Margin is money deposited by both the buyer and the seller to assure the integrity of the contract.
Margin is no more mysterious than any other form of leverage or debt.
Margin is one of the riskiest investing strategies.
Margin is the difference between the market value of a stock and a loan a broker makes.
Margin is the free time.
Margin is the gap between rest and exhaustion.
Margin is the opposite of overload.
Margin is the price that a company can charge in excess of the cost.
Margin is tight along bottom.
Margin is toothed with some spines.
Margin is toothed.
Margin is wonderful when it works.
Margin isa shape.
Margin means border or stopping point.
Margin notes on each page provide rapid identification of local topic highlights.
Margin notes supply questions to ask and more guidance to the teacher.
Margin notes to explain revisions.
Margin oriented - Cost and profit margins on each item are primary consideration.
Margin refers to earnest money placed in a brokerage account to cover potential losses.
Margin shows some toning.
Margin varies but tends to be scalloped.
Margins adds some space inward from the edge.
Margins appear as dotted or pink lines.
Margins are a bit frayed.
Margins are a bit smudged with scattered light spotting.
Margins are a bit smudged with water stains in the upper corners.
Margins are a convention.
Margins are a little tighter because that can be expensive stuff, but the product is well worth it.
Margins are adjustable.
Margins are always transparent so the background of the parent box always shines through.
Margins are always transparent.
Margins are always under pressure.
Margins are amounts.
Margins are ample unless otherwise stated.
Margins are approx.
Margins are at significant risk of decline from classified-ad competition and other threats.
Margins are at the author's discretion.
Margins are better on other soft drinks, and the volume of milk is comparatively low.
Margins are bit frayed and creased.
Margins are boundaries.
Margins are clean with no stains nor foxing.
Margins are critical.
Margins are down.
Margins are entire except for the dentate, truncate tip of each leaflet.
Margins are entire.
Margins are excellent places for coded notations.
Margins are fairly standard, one to two inches all the way around.
Margins are for interyear crop spreads.
Margins are for interyear spread.
Margins are for interyear spreads.
Margins are generally sandy and firm, fringed with reeds, allowing safe wading.
Margins are higher than on the standard networking services.
Margins are higher.
Margins are identical to the preliminary pages.
Margins are important.
Margins are irregularly double-toothed.
Margins are irrelevant in the retail industry.
Margins are king.
Margins are large to huge with top showing the bottom of the next stamp.
Margins are light-cream to white wavy and irregular.
Margins are likely to fall once prices are factored on a per-user basis.
Margins are low as the company is squeezed by bargaining customers and dominant suppliers.
Margins are low for resellers, vendors and distributors.
Margins are low in the business and there is high risk due to potential future litigation.
Margins are low.
Margins are much thinner for commodities, of course.
Margins are much wider than shown.
Margins are narrow with some bowning along the edges.
Margins are narrow.
Margins are nearly smooth.
Margins are part of pages.
Margins are profit margins, operating margins and gross margins.
Margins are razor thin compared to the profits enjoyed by other retailers.
Margins are razor-thin and the competition for customers is intense and relentless.
Margins are razor-thin compared to the profits enjoyed by other retailers.
Margins are slightly smudged.
Margins are slightly wider than shown.
Margins are slim enough without missing a delivery deadline due to a broken down vehicle.
Margins are small and turnover is high.
Margins are smooth and sometimes wavy.
Margins are smooth or slightly lobulated.
Margins are so slim that investment for improvement is effectively ruled out.
Margins are somewhat brown along edges.
Margins are somewhat smudged.
Margins are space.
Margins are subject to change at any time.
Margins are subject to change without notice.
Margins are terrible and everyone and their brother is selling junk over the internet.
Margins are the blank paper between the text and the edge of the page.
Margins are the imaginary vertical demarcations for text or tabular columns.
Margins are the perfect place for editors to jot down notes and corrections.
Margins are the pretty ones.
Margins are the principal locus of sediment accumulation on Earth.
Margins are tight in the archery business, particularly for bows.
Margins are tight on the farm.
Margins are tight.
Margins are to be at least one inch on all four sides.
Margins are to be no more than one inch on all sides.
Margins are to be one inch on top, bottom and both sides.
Margins are transparent and the background value of the parent element shines through.
Margins are transparent to the descendant.
Margins are ultra-thin in that generic hardware business.
Margins are under huge pressure and the company has to tread carefully in a difficult market.
Margins are under pressure, and anecdotal evidence suggests overcapacity.
Margins are unlobed or divided into palmate or pinnate divisions.
Margins are up across the board.
Margins are usually above average.
Margins are usually wavy and toothed.
Margins are very low.
Margins are very tight because of competition.
Margins are very tight or non-existent in most cases.
Margins are well ahead of last year.
Margins are where the action is.
Margins are where the blade meets the grass.
Margins are wide and clean.
Margins are wide.
Margins are wider than shown and a bit smudged in places.
Margins are wider than shown on the images below.
Margins are wider than shown.
Margins are, however, subject to change without notice.
Margins are, in effect, performance bonds.
Margins become quite high with a properly sized network.
Margins bristly serrate on the apical half.
Margins can be negative values.
Margins can be negative.
Margins can even have negative values.
Margins can give investors an idea of a company's competitive advantage.
Margins can have negative numbers.
Margins ciliate with minute to short hairs.
Margins commonly apply to the entire document.
Margins compare favourably with other arable crop options.
Margins continue to expand.
Margins depend on the consumer.
Margins doubly serrate.
Margins entire to slightly wavy.
Margins finely serrate.
Margins go down.
Margins have age toning and scattered spotting especially on upper left margin edge.
Margins have fine, curved fibers.
Margins have large rounded teeth and leaf veins arise from the same point.
Margins have light age toning.
Margins have light spotting.
Margins have light toning and light creasing on left side.
Margins have light toning.
Margins have minimal smudging.
Margins have overall light toning and a small repaired tear in upper margin.
Margins have some creasing and light smuding.
Margins hold up.
Margins illuminate what are the sexual rules and boundaries of a culture.
Margins Keep margins even, using an appropriate balance of white space to printed word.
Margins Leave a one and one-half inch margin at left for binding.
Margins Leave uniform margins of at least one inch at the top, bottom, right, and left margins.
Margins minutely serrate.
Margins nearly entire to shallowly lobed and toothed.
Margins remain narrow, however.
Margins Remember that some copiers enlarge the original about one to two percent.
Margins revolute and apex acuminate.
Margins seem to get crunched further each passing year.
Margins show light offsetting and faint print from backside.
Margins show some soiling.
Margins sinuately denticulate, pubescent above, grayish tomentose beneath.
Margins smooth .
Margins smooth without teeth or lobes.
Margins Specify the dimensions of the margins.
Margins taper gradually from the middle of the blade and with a twist at the apex.
Margins tell Works where to place text on the page.
Margins Use one-inch margins throughout.
Margins Use the pull-down menus to set the margins for each area of the page.
Margins vary widely according to situation.
Margins vary widely between animals with purchase price and weight gain huge factors.
Margin often is used to describe voting results.
Margins often show the imprint, letters and numbers of the original contract printers.
All margins are dangerous.
All margins are intact.
All margins are one inch.
All margins are subject to change without notice.
All margins sum to the total sample size.
Some margin notes in text and writing on end papers in red ink .
Some margin tears.
Some margins are the habitat for major reserves of oil and gas.
Some margins fall off the edge of planting eggs.
Some margins have black spots.
Some margins have functions.
Some margins have prominent black spots.
Some margins have prominent spots.
Some margins have sensory functions.
Some margins have spots.
Marginal abatement costs for emission reductions from baseline for eight participating countries.
Marginal alopecia affects the hair margin only.
Marginal analysis involves evaluating the additional benefits and costs of a decision.
Marginal analysis is only a model.
Marginal analysis is the process by which choices are made.
Marginal analysis is used as an accept-reject technique to evaluate various credit policies.
Marginal analysis recommends taking every step for which the benefit exceeds the cost.
Marginal attacks can be better than overwhelming attacks.
Marginal benefit is the additional benefits received from something.
Marginal benefit is the benefit from a given unit, say the sixth unit or the seventh.
Marginal benefit is the change in total benefit resulting from an action.
Marginal browning is caused by hot and dry growing conditions.
Marginal businesses spend time to save money.
Marginal cases are possible.
Marginal cost equals average total costs.
Marginal cost is a key to economic decisions made by the firm.
Marginal cost is a price
Marginal cost is always the concept of cost most important for the allocation of resources.
Marginal cost is below average cost, and falls during expansions.
Marginal cost is generally lower than before.
Marginal cost is greater than average total cost.
Marginal cost is how much cost goes up from making one more.
Marginal cost is less than average total cost.
Marginal cost is less than average variable cost.
Marginal cost is monetary values.
Marginal cost is the additional cost incurred in producing one more unit of output.
Marginal cost is the additional cost of producing one more.
Marginal cost is the additional cost of something.
Marginal cost is the change in cost resulting from increasing output by one more unit.
Marginal cost is the change in the total cost for producing one more unit.
Marginal cost is the change in total cost due to a unit change in output.
Marginal cost is the change in total cost resulting from a one-unit change in output.
Marginal cost is the change in total cost resulting from an action.
Marginal cost is the concept to use when considering changes.
Marginal cost is the cost of a given unit, say the sixth unit or the seventh.
Marginal cost is the cost of adding or subtracting one unit of output.
Marginal cost is the cost of producing one more unit.
Marginal cost is the difference in total cost between one rate of output and another.
Marginal cost is the price of sending the next piece of mail.
Marginal cost is the slope of the total cost curve.
Marginal cost is the slope of the variable cost curve.
Marginal cost represents the addition to cost for each additional unit of output.
Marginal cost shows the additional cost of producing one more unit of output.
Marginal costs comprise solely of variable type costs.
Marginal credit is accepted.
Marginal crevasses are usually largely transverse to flow.
Marginal damage gives widely varying results.
Marginal deficiencies are states of unwellness just shy of classical deficiencies.
Marginal equipment is a drag at best, dangerous at worst.
Marginal events refer to the total number of observations for a category of a particular variable.
Marginal excision leads to frequent, local recurrence.
Marginal farmers farm marginal lands.
Marginal gains are important.
Marginal hooks are tiny hooklets retained from the larval opisthaptor.
Marginal illiteracy refers to being unable to use print at all.
Marginal influence is evident in curriculum content and teacher training.
Marginal information is updated and format changes are made.
Marginal interests are on an equal footing with authoritative bodies.
Marginal irritants require repeated contact to produce irritation.
Marginal journals are especially interested in local and ethnic identities.
Marginal land tends to be more prone to erosion, and sometimes provides habitat for wildlife.
Marginal lands are increasingly less resilient to human and climatic disturbances.
Marginal management involves such decisions as crop rotation or cropping sequences.
Marginal notes accompany the map and a selected bibliography is included.
Marginal notes are also available to enable the reader to access the information more easily.
Marginal notes can be an exception if the notes are interesting or written by someone significant.
Marginal notes clarify and enhance readers' understanding of concepts.
Marginal notes facilitate speedy location of specific items.
Marginal notes highlight other important points.
Marginal notes highlight specific weaknesses in thought processes and organization.
Marginal notes provide technical details, provenance, exhibition information, etc.
All marginal notes are placed before the relevant paragraph or section of the text.
Marginal osteophytes can develop at the periphery or margins of all joints .
Marginal osteophytes form in response to the primary loss of articular cartilage.
Marginal pagination is inserted for convenience of reference.
Marginal pass is the minimum final grade required on both the theory and the methods portions.
Marginal pastures pay more.
Marginal pencil notes, else a very good copy in lightly stained pictorial dust jacket.
Marginal perfection is critical for successful restorations.
Marginal perforations are more likely to allow migration than central ones.
Marginal persons are victims of a seemingly immutable, structural alterity.
Marginal personalities act out World War III in their backyard in Colorado.
Marginal plants do well with a couple of inches of water over their crowns.
Most marginal plants can live in zero to six inches of water.
Marginal producers can no longer battle their competitors with bureaucratic weapons.
Marginal product equals average product.
Marginal product is greater than average product.
Marginal product measures the change in output given a change in an input.
Marginal products drain cash flow and management time.
Marginal rates are a roadblock to upward mobility.
Marginal rates are important when making investment and other financial decisions.
Marginal rates are what taxpayers owe on the last dollar of taxable income.
Marginal rates can be higher still for low-income families.
Marginal relief is given in some of the suburban areas.
Marginal returns are significantly lower.
Marginal revenue equals marginal cost.
Marginal revenue equals price.
Marginal revenue exceeds marginal cost at the current output level.
Marginal revenue is always less than price.
Marginal revenue is less than price for the price searcher.
Marginal revenue is less than price.
Marginal revenue is the additional revenue earned by selling one more unit of a product.
Marginal revenue is the additional revenue gained by selling one more unit of the product.
Marginal revenue is the change in the total revenue for selling one more unit.
Marginal revenue is the change in total revenue associated with selling one more unit of output.
Marginal revenue is the change in total revenue per unit change in quantity.
Marginal revenue is the price of the product.
Marginal revenue is the variable payment made by State health authorities.
Marginal sea overflows and the thermohaline circulation.
Marginal systems contain at least one significant element of graduated licensing.
Marginal techniques are the common possession of all theoretical economists.
A marginal utility is an utility
Marginal utility is the change in total utility per unit change in consumption.
Marginal utility is the change in utility due to a one-unit change in the quantity consumed.
Marginality equals non-existance.
Marginality guarantees nothing'.
Marginality is a position
Marginality is a profound phenomenon that questions endemic polarizations or closures of boundaries.
Marginality is also evident in the influence of non-local factors in the use of mountain resources.
Marginality is perhaps ill-suited to so central a role as an analytic category.
Marginality is positions.
Marginalized people ought to feel they're accepted in our churches.
A marguerite is a bush
Marguerite appears at the door - unable to wait patiently in the carriage on the street.
Marguerite asks for our prayers - for the medical staff, for the villagers, for open doors.
Marguerite dies alone and in agony from consumption.
Marguerite does freelance writing and editing and is currently working on a novel.
Marguerite is a fairly new cultivar and produces lime-green foliage.
Marguerite is a native of Little Rock, Arkansas.
Marguerite is a published poet and now spends many hours working on family genealogy.
Marguerite is a song from the Channel Islands.
Marguerite is a terrific female heroine.
Marguerite is a trained French teacher.
Marguerite is an alcoholic and is taken away for treatment.
Marguerite is an architect.
Marguerite is blind.
Marguerite is brought before the revolutionary tribunal .
Marguerite is fashioned in the style of the classic bolero and trimmed with coordinating satin.
Marguerite is in jail.
Marguerite is in the bathroom.
Marguerite is Limousin.
Marguerite is one lucky woman.
Marguerite is tested for brain damage.
Marguerite is very active in Blessed Sacrament parish in Chevy Chase.
Marguerite thinks it's cute.
Maria Island is a national park, with little road traffic.
Maria Island is steeped in history.
A maria is a region
Maria isa region.
Marias daddy love fishing.
Mariachi bands are bands.
Mariachi bands perform from Southern Arizona and Mexico, pinata making workshops.
Mariachi bands perform, folkloric dancers celebrate their heritage, and everyone eats really well.
Every mariachi band needs a guitarra.
A mariachi is an ensemble
Mariachis are ensembles.
Mariachis are musical compositions.
Mariachis fill the air with song.
Mariachis play requintos and bass violins, guitarrones and mandolinas.
Mariachis sail by, playing and singing familiar Mexican tunes.
Mariachis serenade the group.
Mariachis stroll through the dining room, singing romantic tunes.
Mariachis tend to load up on violins.
Mariachis often help celebrate the great moments in the lives of the Mexican people.
Marian apparitions appear to instruct, encourage, or give warnings.
Marian athletes go on to med school or dental school or optometry school.
Marian athletes hold three of the fastest times in the state, in individual and relay events.
Marian devotion begins most naturally in the home.
Marian devotion is brought out strongly in their work of preparing families.
Every Marian girl has to face the prospect of leaving their warm bed each morning.
Many Marian girls take dance lessons at studios.
Marian servants are available as speakers for groups in the area.
Marian shrines are in fact places of spiritual transformation, places of conversion.
Marian students are also astounded by the increase of interest generated by the website.
Marian students come from twelve states and seven countries.
Marian students graduate exceptionally well-prepared for their future careers.
Some Marian titles have a direct scriptural basis.
Most mariculture operations require expensive equipment and specialized personnel.
Mariculture structures can provide shelter, roost, or haul-out sites for birds and seals.
Marigold colors range from near-white to vivid yellow and orange to brownish red and maroon.
Marigold flowers are available year-round with a peak season in the summer and fall months.
Marigold flowers are in demand for children's ailments.
Marigold flowers are in great demand for children's ailments.
Marigold flowers are known to have a relieving effect on swellings caused by bee-stings.
Marigold flowers are native to the Americas.
Some marigold meals are made of flowers.
Marigold plants are a very prolific, easy to grow annual flower.
Marigold plants contain chemicals.
Marigold plants have a pungent aroma, which many gardeners enjoy although some find unpleasant.
Marigold plants have aroma.
Marigold plants make a poison.
Marigold plants propagate through seeds.
Most marigold plants contain chemicals.
Most marigold plants have aroma.
Marigold seeds are easy to remove.
Many marigold species are self-seeding, which means the seeds they release grow into new plants.
Some marigold species are edible.
A marigold is a flower
Marigold isa angiosperm.
Marigolds act as a natural antiseptic when picked as they begin to bloom.
Marigolds are a fairly trouble free summer annual in all zones.
Marigolds are a favorite annual and grow very easily.
Marigolds are a good example.
Marigolds are a staple of American yards.
Marigolds are a very versatile flower.
Marigolds are also available as bedding plants at garden centers.
Marigolds are also relatively inexpensive and can be direct-seeded in the spring.
Marigolds are also simple to dry and offer a high success rate for beginners.
Marigolds are annual plants.
Marigolds are annuals and susceptible to frost.
Marigolds are annuals, which means they germinate and die all in one growing season.
Marigolds are another popular flower in health circles.
Marigolds are considered companion plants that keep insects away.
Marigolds are dicots.
Marigolds are easy to care for and grow.
Marigolds are easy to grow and have a long flowering period.
Marigolds are easy to grow and like full sun.
Marigolds are easy to grow, bloom reliably all summer and have few insect and disease problems.
Marigolds are easy to grow, bloom reliably all summer, and have few insect and disease problems.
Marigolds are easy to grow.
Marigolds are flowers that are easy to take care of and bloom in about a week.
Marigolds are flowers.
Marigolds are great for dried arrangements and floral crafts.
Marigolds are grown from seeds.
Marigolds are grown in gardens as natural insect-repellents.
Marigolds are hardy, self-seeding flowers.
Marigolds are native from Arizona and New Mexico to South America and Africa.
Marigolds are native to Mexico and South America.
Marigolds are now officially a fashion item.
Marigolds are old standby companion plants that attract hoverflies, which feed on aphids.
Marigolds are one of the few garden flowers that are true annuals .
Marigolds are one of the most beautiful flowers in the plant kingdom.
Marigolds are one of the most popular of the annuals.
Marigolds are out in the sunny spot by the brook.
Marigolds are prolific annuals that can add color to any garden.
Marigolds are subject to far fewer insect and disease problems than most annual flowers.
Marigolds are susceptible to common disease problems such as fungal stem and root rots.
Marigolds are the wonder flower in many respects.
Marigolds are thought to deter garden pests, but some animals still want a bite.
Marigolds are typically yellow, off-white and orange, but new hybrids bring pastels to the palette.
Marigolds are very low maintenance, once they are established.
Marigolds are very pest free.
Marigolds are very useful planted anywhere in the garden.
Marigolds belong to genus.
Marigolds belong to particular genus.
Marigolds bend to the light.
Marigolds can be attractive to slugs and spider mites.
Marigolds can take a lot of heat.
Marigolds can take lots of heat and full sun.
Marigolds come in all shapes and sizes.
Marigolds come in different colors, yellow and orange being the most common.
Marigolds come in four different types.
Marigolds come in many colors of yellow, orange, red, and white.
Marigolds come in yellow and orange colors.
Marigolds contain pyrethum, which has an odor unpleasant to insects.
Marigolds contain substances.
Marigolds continue to increase in popularity.
Marigolds convey a pensive and winning grace.
Marigolds deter a variety of insets.
Marigolds do suffer from some pest problems, including slugs, snails and aphids.
Marigolds flourish in most soils in sunny locations.
Marigolds go through different stages before actually blooming.
Marigolds grow best in damp to wet soil.
Marigolds grow easily from seeds and are easy to harvest.
Marigolds grow easily in Texas gardens from late spring to frost.
Marigolds grow over seasons.
Marigolds grow well in poor soil.
Marigolds grown in containers can become a bit crowded.
Marigolds have (part) blossoms.
Marigolds have (part) carpels.
Marigolds have (part) cell membranes.
Marigolds have (part) cells.
Marigolds have (part) corpi.
Marigolds have (part) cytoplasm.
Marigolds have (part) flowers.
Marigolds have (part) nuclei.
Marigolds have (part) ovaries.
Marigolds have (part) perianths.
Marigolds have (part) plasma membranes.
Marigolds have (part) sections.
Marigolds have (part) stamens.
Marigolds have (part) vacuoles.
Marigolds have a muddled and mysterious history.
Marigolds have a pungent odor which keeps insects at bay, but they can be bothered by slugs.
Marigolds have a tangy, peppery flavor.
Marigolds have a very strong herbal scent.
Marigolds have edges.
Marigolds have edible flowers.
Marigolds have either a musky, pungent or no odor depending on the variety being bred.
Marigolds have few disease and pest problems if they are properly grown.
Marigolds have flowers.
Marigolds have many uses in the gardens and as container plants.
Marigolds have properties.
Marigolds have the leaves chewed up.
Marigolds have values.
Marigolds hold up well during hot, summer days if watered properly.
Marigolds kill insects.
Marigolds look like flowers.
Marigolds make a difference with the gophers and also with the bugs.
Marigolds make excellent cut flowers for both live and dried arrangements.
Marigolds make nice border plants, but their hot colors have to be used with discretion.
Marigolds plant in gardens.
Marigolds planted in vegetable gardens repel many insects.
Marigolds primarily act as a trap crop.
Marigolds produce flowers.
Marigolds produce substances.
Marigolds produce yellow flowers.
Marigolds reduce soil nematodes.
Marigolds release chemicals that bugs can t stand.
Marigolds repel a variety of garden pests, including rabbits.
Marigolds repel a variety of insects, including bean beetles, aphids, nematodes and slugs.
Marigolds repel white flies.
Marigolds represent a bright and glorious future.
Marigolds represent an alternative management tool for nematode diseases in vegetable crops.
Marigolds reproduce by seeds, and they're easy to plant and grow.
Marigolds require as much light as possible, especially with early spring crops.
Marigolds require at least six hours of daily sunlight to flower at their best.
Marigolds require full sun and grow best in well-drained soil with plenty of organic matter.
Marigolds suppress root lesion nematodes .
Marigolds thrive in full sun and prefer well-drained soils.
Marigolds thus appear to be benign to the soil microflora.
Marigolds work well with just about anything.
Marigolds usually last less than a year because they are annuals.
All marigolds are native to an area that extends from the Southwestern United States to Argentina.
Most marigolds are hybrids.
Most marigolds belong to genus.
Most marigolds belong to particular genus.
Most marigolds contain substances.
Most marigolds grow over seasons.
Most marigolds have edges.
Most marigolds have edible flowers.
Most marigolds have flowers.
Most marigolds have properties.
Most marigolds have values.
Most marigolds kill insects.
Most marigolds look like flowers.
Most marigolds planted in home gardens are annuals.
Most marigolds produce flowers.
Most marigolds produce substances.
Most marigolds produce yellow flowers.
Some marigolds attract insects.
Some marigolds develop over years.
Some marigolds have benefits.
Some marigolds offer advantage.
Some marigolds provide food.
Some marigolds reach height.
A marijuana cigarette is a cigarette
Marijuana cigarette triggers severe hyperthermia.
Marijuana cigarettes cause damage.
Marijuana cigarettes have effects.
Most marijuana cigarettes cause damage.
Most marijuana cigarettes have effects.
Marijuana laws vary from state to state.
Marijuana paraphernalia includes rolling papers, clips, and pipes.
All marijuana paraphernalia is subject to seizure by the police.
Marijuana pipes decorate the living room table.
Marijuana plants have chlorophyll.
Marijuana plants have deficiencies.
Marijuana plants have nutrient deficiencies.
Marijuana plants need energy.
Marijuana plants need nutrients.
Marijuana plants to produce buds.
Most marijuana plants have chlorophyll.
Most marijuana plants have deficiencies.
Most marijuana plants have nutrient deficiencies.
Marijuana prohibition is both a worthy cause and a failure.
Marijuana prohibition is cruel and inhumane.
Marijuana smoke contains toxins.
Marijuana smokers develop problems.
Marijuana smokers develop respiratory problems.
Marijuana smokers develop same problems.
Marijuana smokers develop same respiratory problems.
Marijuana smokers may have problems.
Marijuana smokers may have respiratory problems.
Marijuana smokers may have same problems.
Marijuana smokers may have same respiratory problems.
Marijuana smoking irritates the throat and lings and can lead to lung problems.
Marijuana smoking is a swirling current above a more dangerous precipice.
Marijuana smoking is particularly harmful to the lungs, more so than tobacco cigarettes.
Marijuana affects cell function, cell division, and cell immunity.
Marijuana affects pregnancy.
Marijuana can cause cancer.
Marijuana can cause dependence, and smokers quickly build up a tolerance for the drug.
Marijuana can control it and make their therapy tolerable.
Marijuana can control the eye pressure and keep glaucoma from causing blindness.
Marijuana can disrupt the senses and it is easy to see if a person is under the influence of it.
Marijuana can help control the nausea.
Marijuana can help people trying to cut back on drinking.
Marijuana can impair judgment.
Marijuana can prevent epileptic seizures in some patients.
Marijuana can stimulate the appetite.
Marijuana comes from plants.
Marijuana contains chemicals called cannabinoids.
Marijuana contains different substances.
Marijuana contains higher levels of carcinogens than tobacco.
Marijuana contains several different substances.
Marijuana contains several psychoactive chemicals that act on the brain.
Marijuana contains substances.
Marijuana currently provides the black market contacts who introduce users to drugs like cocaine.
Marijuana has (part) cell membranes.
Marijuana has (part) cells.
Marijuana has (part) corpi.
Marijuana has (part) cytoplasm.
Marijuana has (part) nuclei.
Marijuana has (part) plasma membranes.
Marijuana has (part) sections.
Marijuana has (part) vacuoles.
Marijuana has (part) xylem.
Marijuana has both depressant and mild hallucinogenic properties.
Marijuana has effects.
Marijuana has embryonic leaves.
Marijuana has high potential.
Marijuana has jag leaves.
Marijuana has leaves.
Marijuana has medical properties.
Marijuana has medical uses.
Marijuana has positive effects.
Marijuana has potential.
Marijuana has roots.
Marijuana has separate male and female plants.
Marijuana has several negative physical and mental effects.
Marijuana has similar effects, though maybe more concentrated.
Marijuana is a hemp
Marijuana is America's most widely used illegal drug.
Marijuana is cannabises.
Marijuana is drugs.
Marijuana is illegal drugs.
Marijuana is medicine.
Marijuana is psychoactive drugs.
Marijuana is used for entertainment.
Marijuana is used for fun.
Marijuana is used for pleasure.
Marijuana isa bush.
Marijuana isa shrub.
Marijuana produces effects.
Marijuana remains against federal law, regardless of what actions states have taken.
Marijuana remains decriminalized in Oregon as an infraction, much like a traffic ticket.
Marijuana resembles parsleys.
Marijuana resins in hard chunks smoked in a special hash pipe.
Marijuana slows reflexes and coordination.
Marijuana tends to affect the parts of the brain that control memory, attention span and learning.
Marijuana tends to do the exact opposite to people.
Marijuana tends to substitute for much more dangerous drugs.
Marijuana tests on how to pass.
Marijuana tos treat symptoms.
Marijuana travels inside bales of fresh kola nuts.
Marijuana varies in potency, depending on where and how it is grown, prepared for use, or stored.
Marijuana works as a medicine for some people.
Marijuana works differently.
More marijuana is grown in the United States than anywhere else in the world.
Most marijuana comes from plants.
Most marijuana contains different substances.
Most marijuana contains several different substances.
Most marijuana contains substances.
Most marijuana has effects.
Most marijuana has embryonic leaves.
Most marijuana has high potential.
Most marijuana has jag leaves.
Most marijuana has positive effects.
Most marijuana has potential.
Most marijuana has roots.
Most marijuana is shipped overland in vehicles, although significant amounts are sent by mail.
Most marijuana produces effects.
Some marijuana causes abnormalities.
Some marijuana causes cancer.
Some marijuana causes cell abnormalities.
Some marijuana causes death.
Some marijuana causes seizures.
Some marijuana grows in homes.
Some marijuana grows in patches.
Some marijuana grows in tomato patches.
Some marijuana grows topsoil.
Some marijuana is used for medical conditions such as glaucoma.
Some marijuana produces creativity.
A marimba is a musical instrument
Marimbas are percussion instruments.
Marimbas are too cumbersome in Manhattan apartments anyway.
Marimbas are wooden keyed instruments which are played by striking the keys with special mallets.
Marimbas are xylophones.
Marimbas are, unfortunately, very expensive.
Marina Beach offers both a great beach for kids and a nearby grassy play area.
Marina Village is another premium waterfront area in exclusive Apollo Beach, Florida.
Marina Village is new, yet it looks as though it has been there since the turn of the century.
A marina is a landing
Marina answers for all three women.
Marina ends here.
Marina explains slowly.
Marina features slips and fuel service.
Marina has an awesome collection.
Marina has slips and storage for privately owned boats.
Marina has some medical complications that require two surgeries.
Marina is a book-keeper.
Marina is a clairvoyant.
Marina is a hard working student who is always willing to go the extra mile.
Marina is a health messenger who works independently with women in prostitution.
Marina is a princess from an exotic country.
Marina is a single mom struggling to live on a teacher's salary.
Marina is a student who is learning about computers.
Marina is a very good broker.
Marina is an excellent soft yellow.
Marina is at end of road.
Marina is at the trench of a batholith emerging.
Marina is classed as a New Wave artist by critics .
Marina is classed as a New Wave artist by critics.
Marina is currently in a boarding facility because the rescue is full.
Marina is fond of basketball and drawing.
Marina is in expansion mode.
Marina is interested in a neighboring building.
Marina is just around the corner.
Marina is known and respected by our tenants.
Marina is located eight miles north of the Monterey Peninsula.
Marina is more instinctive and Gwendal more cerebral.
Marina is now open.
Marina is on left after crossing bridge.
Marina is on the right.
Marina is quicker than a vanilla ice-cream licker.
Marina is the rocket s deputy project manager.
Marina is to the west.
Marina is well educated and ridden and loves attention and being around children alot.
Marina likes to read books, watch theatre and loves to travel.
Marina looks after our merchandising in the Western Cape area.
Marina now goes on to compete at the national level.
Marina provides all watersport activities right at resort.
Marina provides an excellent place to begin a yachting adventure.
Marina provides free information and advice on psychics and living spiritually.
Marina sells bait and burgers, etc.
Marina speaks fluent Spanish.
Marina speaks some english and is very helpful.
Marina wants a divorce.
Marinas abound and dock space is readily available.
Marinas are docks.
Marinas are huge and packed on both coastlines.
Marinas are nearby.
Marinas are plentiful with yard services, haul out, fuel docks, water and showers.
Marinas are television shows.
Marinas are usually full by noon on weekends.
Marinas have a pleasingly relaxing air.
Marinas have difficulty providing enough depth for their customers and tourists.
Marinas have gas and a small assortment of food, drink, and supplies.
Marinas offer easy access for everything from jon-boats to pontoons.
Marinas provide a full range of services for transient boaters.
Marinas provide access for private boats.
Marinas provide boat rentals for fishing or cruising the lake.
Marinas provide everything that a clear-water bass needs to survive.
Marinas provide fuel, bait, tackle, launching ramps, and boat rentals.
Marinas working together can implement a recycling program for their area using an outside service.
Marinas frequently sell secondhand boats, some boatyards do too.
Marinas usually have showers, often for a fee.
All marinas have slips and many have moorings.
All marinas located within the state of Florida are eligible.
All marinas provide dock carts, electricity, restrooms and water .
All marinas require the boats moored there to be insured.
Every marina has charters and sailboats available.
Every marina is basically a no-discharge zone.
Every marina needs to give out floating key chains or keytainers.
Every marina studied has significant, measured economic benefits from being a clean marina.
Many marinas allow fishing from their docks.
Many marinas also offer both live and dead bait on the premises.
Many marinas also offer lessons and guided tours.
Many marinas have oil recycling drums.
Many marinas have resident harborcats.
Many marinas offer routine inspections, but usually at an extra cost.
Many marinas require a boat to be removed when a hurricane watch is announced.
Most marinas are just a short stroll from shopping, dining, historic sites and services.
Most marinas have ship's stores or are within walking distance of a convenience market.
Most marinas have space available to park trailers and boats for a small fee.
Most marinas keep a number of berths for visiting yachts.
Most marinas offer storage space.
Most marinas offer winter maintenance when a boat is stored for the off-season.
Some marinas accept a few liveaboards, usually at an extra charge.
Some marinas also offer rentals.
Some marinas are fancy, well-manicured and with every amenity.
Some marinas even provide dedicated phone lines and cable television hook-up.
Some marinas have a separate dumping station just for portable toilets.
Marinade is a condiment
Marinade is condiments.
Marinades add flavor and tenderize tough cuts of meat, such as the skirt steak used for fajitas.
Marinades add flavor, and in some cases, tenderize meat.
Marinades add flavor, but they also help tenderize less tender cuts of meat.
Marinades add taste and flavor.
Marinades also add interesting flavor and tenderize the meat.
Marinades also are a great way to carry flavors from the main dish to side dishes.
Marinades also help to tenderize.
Marinades are a wonderful way to add flavor and tenderize low-fat meat or poultry.
Marinades are also a delicious way to add flavor and tenderness to lean meats.
Marinades are flavorful liquids that add flavor to the outer surface of the meat.
Marinades are generally liquidy, but some can be as thick as paste.
Marinades are good for dry fish, like tuna and wahoo.
Marinades are part of the equation, of course.
Marinades are popular because they turn less expensive cuts of meat into tasty entrees.
Marinades are what makes the grilling interesting.
Marinades can also cut down on the gaminess in the taste of certain meats.
Marinades can make any type of meat or poultry more tender and flavorful.
Marinades do flavor, however.
Marinades give grilled foods a unique ethnic identity.
Marinades have a multitude of uses.
Marinades help tenderize and flavor venison.
Marinades make grilled foods tastier, more tender, jucier and healther.
Marinades serve different purposes.
Marinades soften or denature tissue with their acid ingredients.
Marinades always contain some kind of acid, often wine or vinegar.
Most marinades are high calorie because of sugar or oil content.
Most marinades contain an acid such as vinegar, citrus juice or wine, and herbs or spices.
Most marinades used in Indian barbecue are yogurt or lime based.
Some marinades also help to tenderize.
Marinaded pork is grilled, and the results are always different and always delicious.
A marinara is a pasta sauce
More marinara is provided on the side.
Marinated onions add flavor.
Marine action plays a dual role in the cliff process.
Marine activities involve the use of ships and deep diving occupied and robotic submersibles.
Most marine activities are available along the Kenya coast.
Most marine activities are international in nature.
Marine air coming in from the Pacific Ocean helps keep the climate mild.
Marine air pump off.
Marine algae are also a good source of biogas for energy, can production rates be calculated.
Marine algae are nonvascular plants.
Marine algae are rich in iodine and other essential minerals.
Marine algae can provide shelter for such organisms as nudibranchs and hermit crabs .
Marine algae can provide shelter for such organisms as nudibranchs and hermit crabs.
Marine algae contain a preponderance of all pigments known to exist.
Marine algae produce a variety of secondary metabolites that functionas herbivore deterrents.
Marine algae produce food for intertidal grazers.
Marine algae provide shelter for nudibranches and hermit crabs .
Marine aluminum enclosures that reduce sound levels but provide service access.
Marine angelfish are most well known for the bright colours and patterns on their bodies.
Marine anglers are an important and growing constituency.
A marine animal is an animal
Marine animals are animals.
Marine animals are such incredibly playful creatures.
Marine animals are usually osmoconformers, while freshwater species are generally osmoregulators.
Marine animals can mistake plastic for food and can become entangled in it.
Marine animals can mistake plastics for food and can become tangled up in it.
Marine animals continue to be threatened by water pollution and other human impacts.
Marine animals eat food.
Marine animals flourish in artificial, mechanical systems.
Marine animals have arms.
Marine animals have feelings.
Marine animals include fish.
Marine animals offer diverse systems for comparative and experimental studies.
Marine animals use sound.
Many marine animals are isotonic with their saltwater environment.
Many marine animals are readily accessible for hands-on experience.
Many marine animals feed on plankton.
Many marine animals have gills.
Many marine animals remain to be discovered.
Many marine animals show it with dark dorsal surfaces and lighter ventral surfaces.
Most marine animals are generally harmless unless threatened.
Most marine animals die at sea, where their bones are buried on the ocean bottom.
Most marine animals eat food.
Most marine animals have arms.
Most marine animals have feelings.
Most marine animals use sound.
Some marine animals absorb nitrogen.
Some marine animals attach to the rock and others use it for shelter.
Some marine animals can be hazardous to divers.
Some marine animals derive from stock.
Some marine animals feed on zooplankton.
Some marine animals ingest plastic.
Some marine animals inhabit oceans.
Some marine animals live in sea.
Some marine animals possess tentacles.
Some marine animals prevent dehydration.
Some marine animals resemble sea snails.
Some marine animals resemble snails.
Some marine animals swim to surfaces.
Some marine animals take advantage.
Some marine animals weigh tons.
Marine aquaculture is conducted in water, which is a public domain.
Marine aquaculture is constrained by the rising pollution of coastal waters.
Marine aquaculture is non-existent, however, fresh water aquaculture is fairly developed.
Marine area relationships from twenty sponge phylogenies.
Marine art is a specialty.
Marine art is usually top dog at any maritime sale.
Many marine authorities consider it to be one of the world's best kept secrets.
Most Marine aviators agree.
Marine bacteria are an essential component of the marine environment.
Marine bacteria are an extremely important, but little understood, group.
Most marine bacteria adhere well to fish mucus.
Some marine bacteria eat seaweed.
Some marine bacteria excrete compounds.
Some marine bacteria excrete organic compounds.
Some marine bacteria excrete small organic compounds.
Marine bacteriophages are a significant parasite of unicellular marine cyanobacteria.
Marine batteries are different than automotive batteries.
Marine batteries are usually hybrid deep-cycle and starting batteries.
Marine benthos supports a great diversity of organisms some of which are commercially important.
Marine biochemists study the nature of all life process chemicals in the oceans.
Marine biodiversity is also important for indigenous people.
Marine biodiversity is greatest in shallow coastal areas.
Marine biodiversity is under assault, too.
Marine biologist sounds great.
Marine biologists apply knowledge.
Marine biologists are more or less like most academics.
Marine biologists are scientists.
Marine biologists are the people who study it .
Marine biologists are the people who study it.
Marine biologists are workers.
Marine biologists can work in a variety of settings.
Marine biologists conduct tours and cruises.
Marine biologists describe and classify marine organisms.
Marine biologists employ age determination techniques.
Marine biologists employ techniques.
Marine biologists explore the secret sex lives of squid.
Marine biologists guide the studies and answer questions.
Marine biologists handle dead specimens.
Marine biologists handle specimens.
Marine biologists have two theories on why whales breach.
Marine biologists make less money, that's a con.
Marine biologists monitor health.
Marine biologists study behavior.
Marine biologists study fish and other wildlife that inhabit the oceans.
Marine biologists study organisms that live in saltwater.
Marine biologists study salt water organisms and limnologists study fresh water organisms.
Marine biologists study salt water organisms, and limnologists study fresh water organisms .
Marine biologists study salt water organisms, and limnologists study fresh water organisms.
Marine biologists study salt water organisms.
Marine biologists study the mammal and learn how important it is to the ecology of the ocean.
Marine biologists suggest nearly four times that many.
Marine biologists suspect that a parasite is causing the disease.
Marine biologists take notes.
Marine biologists think a disease caused by a parasite is to blame.
Marine biologists use similar arrays in tracking animal life such as whales.
Marine biologists walk around in hip boots for no explainable reason, even in the middle of winter.
Many marine biologists are academics and therefore contribute to knowledge and teach students.
Many marine biologists do much of their work in special laboratories near seacoasts.
Many marine biologists do several of the above during their career, as well as many other things.
Most marine biologists apply knowledge.
Most marine biologists are male but it is an occupation which is attracting more females.
Most marine biologists employ age determination techniques.
Most marine biologists employ techniques.
Most marine biologists handle dead specimens.
Most marine biologists handle specimens.
Most marine biologists monitor health.
Most marine biologists take notes.
Most marine biologists work in states that border the ocean.
Some marine biologists are self-employed as consultants.
Some marine biologists argue levels.
Some marine biologists argue sustainable levels.
Some marine biologists find indicators.
Some marine biologists observe pregnancy.
Some marine biologists use layers.
Marine biology cuts across many fields of study and covers many subjects.
Marine biology holds promise of all that as well as the thrill of discovery.
Marine biology is a branch of biology .
Marine biology is a fairly advanced science and a lot of detailed study has been done.
Marine biology is a growth area for employment, particularly in South Australia.
Marine biology is a vast field with many different types of research.
Marine biology is a very broad field of science.
Marine biology is a wide, varied field.
Marine biology is a wonderful profession.
Marine biology is closely related to oceanography, the scien- tific study of the oceans.
Marine biology is one of several specialties in the field of biology.
Marine biology is the most exciting, diverse area of biology.
Marine biology is the scientific study of animals and plants that live in salt water.
Marine biology is the scientific study of organisms in the ocean or other marine bodies of water .
Marine biology is the study of microorganisms and life forms underwater.
Marine biology is the study of organisms that happen to be marine.
Marine biology is the study of plants and animals that live in the sea.
Marine biotechnology is a fast growing sector of the region's ocean technology expertise.
Marine biotechnology is a rapidly growing field.
Marine biotechnology is another area of strength for Hawaii.
Marine birds adapt to life.
Marine birds are adapted to life within the marine environment.
Marine birds are also carnivorous.
Marine birds are slow to reproduce, and they're migratory.
Marine birds have glands.
Marine birds have salt glands.
Marine birds play significant roles in their complex ecosystem.
Marine birds use the large, edible leaves to construct nests in the trees.
Many marine birds have what are called salt glands.
Most marine birds adapt to life.
Most marine birds have glands.
Most marine birds have salt glands.
Some marine birds eat fish.
Some marine birds eat marine fish.
Marine bivalves belong to phyla.
Most marine bivalves belong to phyla.
Some marine bivalves go through stages.
Marine borers can destroy an untreated dock piling in less than one year.
Marine botanicals help hydrate.
Most marine bryozoans are cheilostomes.
Every marine business can benefit from a having a well designed web site.
Marine carbonates are no longer exclusively warm water.
Marine cats are slightly larger and faster than normal cats and tend to be longer-lived as well.
Marine cats leave their vessels only for a brief tour of the docks.
Marine certification is based on academics.
Marine charts are available at many hardware stores.
Marine charts are available from many marine stores and specialty marine chart shops.
Marine charts give detailed information about depths, tides, navigation hazards and anchorages.
Marine charts work best with ccordinates in degrees of latitude and longitude.
Marine city offers a diversity of choice for the new resident.
Marine collagen is derived from fish.
All marine collection is subject to winds, temperature and tides.
Marine compasses are usually liquid-filled.
Marine conditions are the ultimate resting place for metals or elements or compounds.
Some marine conservation takes effects.
Marine construction is the core of our expertise.
Marine copepods are particularly suitable as food for fish fry.
Marine crabs return to water.
Most marine crabs return to water.
A marine creature is an animal
Marine creatures are responsible for establishing the dynamic equilibrium of the atmosphere.
Marine creatures are the only animals still hunted commercially on a large scale.
Marine creatures are the only wild animals still hunted commercially on a large scale.
Marine creatures develop different techniques.
Marine creatures develop techniques.
Marine creatures eat food.
Marine creatures range from some of the tiniest on earth to the largest ever to exist.
Most marine creatures develop different techniques.
Most marine creatures develop techniques.
Most marine creatures eat a variety of foods.
Most marine creatures eat food.
Some marine creatures eat phytoplankton.
Some marine creatures know how to defend themselves with venomous spines, stinging cells or teeth.
Marine critters have a tremendous variation in form, shape and color of their visual apparatus.
Marine crustaceans are as ubiquitous in the oceans as insects are on land.
Marine currents help keep the area ice-free for long periods during the winter.
Marine dates are limited because of the tides.
Marine debris are also a concern for New Zealand fur seals.
Marine debris can also pose navigational hazards for vessels.
Marine debris can come from many sources.
Marine debris can harm fish species and other aquatic organisms that use the reef.
Marine debris can hurt or kill animals.
Marine debris can seriously affect wildlife, the environment, people, and our economy.
Marine debris comes from many different sources and enters the ocean in many ways.
Marine debris enters an estuary by washing in from storm sewers and with the tide.
Marine debris has detrimental environmental and economical effects on the fishing industry.
Marine debris is a global problem that requires global solutions.
Marine debris is a threat to sea turtles.
Marine debris is a worldwide problem.
Marine debris is also a serious problem.
Marine debris is also unsightly and can endanger barefoot beach goers.
Marine debris is any substance that enters unnaturally in to the marine environment.
Marine debris is composed mostly of plastic.
Marine debris is examined by the presence or absence of debris on the bottom.
Marine debris is garbage that accumulates in the ocean.
Marine debris is one pollution problem that individuals can solve by direct, individual action.
Marine debris is the trash that eventually enters the ocean.
Marine debris is trash floating on the ocean or washed up on beaches.
Marine debris is trash floating on the ocean, washed up on beaches, or litter left on the beach.
Marine debris is, at the least, unsightly to humans, but can also endanger barefoot beachgoers.
Marine debris needs control at source.
Marine debris poses a threat to wildlife as well as an aesthetic blight.
Marine debris washups from cruise ships and naval ships of all nations is already a big problem.
Much marine debris is known to come from ships.
Marine decapods live in all types of habitats from intertidal mud flats to deep-sea hot vents.
Many marine decapods form symbiotic associations with other organisms.
Some marine decapods have salinity.
Marine deposits are a variation on alluvial deposits.
Marine deposits make up the soil, which consists mainly of limestone, seashells and coral.
Marine deposits occur along the margins of most oceans and gulfs.
Some marine deposits contain a high proportion of fecal remains.
Marine designers discuss what's new in the big boats.
Marine development is linked with scientific and technological achievements in other areas.
Marine diatoms produce toxins.
Some marine diatoms can produce a toxin called domoic acid.
Most marine dinoflagellates are unicellular, photosynthetic organisms with two flagella.
Many marine distributors handle the gelcoats from various resin manufacturers.
Marine docents are volunteers who staff many Sea Grant Extension educational programs.
Marine drain fits standard garden hose for draining.
Marine ecologists know very little about either stage in the life histories of marine organisms.
Some marine ecologists carry out experiments.
Some marine ecologists carry out scale field experiments.
Some marine ecologists combine experiments.
Some marine ecologists combine field experiments.
Some marine ecologists investigate the movement of energy and molecules through ecosystems.
Marine ecosystems are biologically complex and respond to many .
Marine ecosystems are complex, with layer upon layer of interdependent relationships.
Marine ecosystems are home to many kinds of living things that occur nowhere else.
Marine ecosystems are home to many phyla that live nowhere else.
Some marine ecosystems appear to be affected on a large scale by mobile gear.
Some marine eels eat dead fish.
Some marine eels eat fish.
Most marine electricians are basically self-educated by means of attending seminars and the like.
Marine elements are therefore absolutely indispensable for our biological equilibrium.
Marine energy has a great potential to provide energy for large populations.
Marine engines can be very expensive to replace or repair.
Marine engines operate on dirty fuels.
Many marine engines sit very low in the bilge and water is consistently in contact with the oil pan.
A marine engineer is an engineer
Marine engineers are modern sailors.
Marine engineering concerns the design, construction, and repair of ships and submarines.
Marine environments are particularly rich in examples of intricate relationships between organisms.
Marine environments are subject to influences from land, sea and air.
Marine environments are very different chemically than freshwater environments.
Marine environments have characteristics.
Marine environments have distinct characteristics.
Marine environments have tremendous regenerative powers.
Marine environments provide habitats.
Marine environments support life.
Most marine environments have characteristics.
Most marine environments have distinct characteristics.
Most marine environments provide habitats.
Most marine environments support life.
Some marine environments affect life.
Some marine environments are as productive as any on earth.
Some marine environments have levels.
Some marine environments have lower levels.
Some marine environments have lower turbidity levels.
Some marine environments have turbidity levels.
Marine excursions are available here.
Marine expeditions are costly in equipment, supplies, maintenance, and operational fees.
Marine experts fear for dolphins .
Marine experts know that straight water flushing does little to remove damaging salt corrosion.
Marine extraction is entirely different.
Marine ferries are less costly as compared to highways, bridges, and tunnels.
Marine ferries are less costly than highways, bridges and tunnels.
Marine fish are a dependable source of iodine.
Marine fish are highly diverse, with a wide variety of different life cycles.
Marine fish eat food.
Marine fish eat new life spectrum fish food.
Marine fish feed on plankton.
Marine fish find in oceans.
Marine fish have ability.
Marine fish inhabit oceans.
Marine fish inhabit open oceans.
Marine fish live in environments.
Marine fish occur in sea.
Marine fish spend their entire life in salt water.
Marine fishes are primarily from the Gulf of Mexico, near the Mississippi Sound.
Marine fishes constitute the bulk of the catches, but shellfish are also included.
Marine fishes drink water and excrete only a small volume of very concetrated urine.
Marine fishes face just the opposite problem from that of freshwater fishes.
Marine fishes provide good examples of water re- lationships in the ocean.
All marine fish drink water to avoid osmotic loss.
Many marine fishes are chased by sportfishing enthusiasts.
Most marine fish eat food.
Most marine fish eat new life spectrum fish food.
Most marine fish feed on plankton.
Most marine fish find in oceans.
Most marine fish have ability.
Most marine fish inhabit oceans.
Most marine fish inhabit open oceans.
Most marine fish live in environments.
Most marine fish occur in sea.
Most marine fishes are oviparous and release eggs into the water.
Most marine fishes have a very large bladder and it is frequently foimd to be full of urine.
Some marine fish have body fluid.
Some marine fish have fluid.
Some marine fish have larvae.
Some marine fish have problems.
Some marine fish have the ability to produce light through bioluminescence.
Marine fisheries are a vital economic, ecological, and food resource.
Marine fisheries are largely limited to lobster.
Marine fisheries can potentially interact with monk seals via direct and indirect relationships.
Marine fisheries cause changes at three levels of organization of biodiversity.
Marine fisheries provide food sources.
Marine fisheries provide important food sources.
Marine fisheries provide important sources.
Marine fisheries provide much-needed employment and profit.
Marine fisheries provide sources.
Marine fisheries review.
Marine fisheries support the dietary needs of many people globally.
Many marine fisheries are open to anyone who wants to fish.
Most marine fisheries provide food sources.
Most marine fisheries provide important food sources.
Most marine fisheries provide important sources.
Most marine fisheries provide sources.
Marine fishing is seasonal.
Marine flatworms absorb oxygen.
Marine flatworms are common on all our shores.
Marine flatworms belong to a major group of worms called the Platyhelminthes.
Most marine flatworms absorb oxygen.
Some marine flatworms can live indefinitely.
Marine foods contain microbes that produce enzymes which aid seaweed digestion.
Marine forces are usually part of the navy, but they can be part of the army or act on their own.
Marine forms eat fish, marine invertebrates and some plants.
Marine formula obtains the collagen from tuna fish.
Marine fossils are abundant.
Marine fossils are plentiful, although most are brachiopods.
Marine fossils are protected by layers of marine sediment and the quietude of ocean deeps.
Marine fuel is also available at the Rend Lake Resort, along with the courtesy boat slips.
Marine fuel is also available Pets are permitted with a charge.
Marine gas is available at the pier.
Marine gastropods are of many kinds, but most re- semble snails or slugs.
Marine gastropods include herbivores.
Most marine gastropods are burrowers.
Some marine gastropods feed on mollusks.
Some marine gastropods feed on other mollusks.
Some marine gastropods have female organs.
Some marine gastropods have female reproductive organs.
Some marine gastropods have organs.
Some marine gastropods have reproductive organs.
Marine geologists collect data during scientific ocean cruises.
Marine geologists evaluate shoreline types for sensitivity to marine oil spills.
Marine geologists investigate the oceans and continental shelves.
Marine geologists investigate the oceans, continental margins, and coastal environments.
Marine geologists study the rocks and other mineral deposits.
Marine geology differs from traditional geology in several important ways.
Marine geophysicists add to that knowledge in several ways.
Some marine gobies live in symbiosis with shrimp.
Marine grade is pricey.
Marine groups hammered in Permian extinction begin to diversify.
Marine hardware is our specialty.
All marine harnesses feature double-insulation with tape and heat resistant corrugated conduit.
Marine hermit crabs return to water.
A marine iguana is an iguanid lizard
Marine iguanas are herbivores that feed primarily on marine algae.
Marine iguanas are herbivorous.
Marine iguanas are most vulnerable before birth or when juvenile.
Marine iguanas are reptiles.
Marine iguanas are the only iguanas in the world that swim and feed in the ocean.
Marine iguanas are the only reptiles known to mate in 'leks'.
Marine iguanas divert blood to the skin while basking in the sun and warm up quickly.
Marine iguanas eat algae.
Marine iguanas feed on algae that grow on the ocean floor.
Marine iguanas get food.
Marine iguanas have long tails.
Marine iguanas have tails.
Marine iguanas occur in areas.
Marine iguanas regulate body temperature.
Marine iguanas regulate temperature.
Marine iguanas spend a great deal of their time basking on basalt to help absorb the heat.
Most marine iguanas get food.
Most marine iguanas have long tails.
Most marine iguanas occur in areas.
Most marine iguanas regulate body temperature.
Most marine iguanas regulate temperature.
Some marine iguanas feed on algas.
Some marine iguanas feed on seaweed.
Some marine iguanas have blotches.
Some marine iguanas live in colonies.
Some marine iguanas live up to years.
Marine imagery is emphasised by uplighters, green and white glass, and stainless steel accents.
Marine industries cover a broad range of activities and enterprises.
Marine industries have excellent potential to contribute to future economic and employment growth.
Most marine instruments use a common data protocall, and the specs are available.
Marine insurance covers sea, road, rail and air transportation.
Marine insurance is all they offer.
Marine insurance is available upon request.
Marine insurance is rather a complex matter.
Marine insurance is the oldest type of insurance.
Marine insurance is the type of insurance needed during the actual ocean transit time.
Marine insurance is unregulated.
Most marine invaders have a planktonic larval stage which allows for wide dissemination.
Marine invertebrates are especially popular in the eastern United States and the Midwest.
Marine invertebrates are moderately diverse.
Marine invertebrates are still the dominant form of life on Earth.
Marine invertebrates can be osmoconformers because they live in salt water.
Marine invertebrates tend to be osmoregulators.
Many marine invertebrates travel considerable distances during certain seasons.
All marine kits are waterline models only.
Marine lab uses atomic energy to study the ocean.
Many marine laboratories have internships for college students.
Some marine laboratories focus their attention on wetlands and ecological or environmental concerns.
Marine larvae tend to be small and undeveloped when they hatch.
Marine leadership is excellent, bar none.
Marine life abounds in open areas, especially the more southerly waters.
Marine life abounds.
Marine life depends on nutrients to grow.
Marine life explodes in color and schools of fish thrive in unequaled numbers.
Marine life flourishes, with lots of fish and soft corals.
Marine life includes blue-spotted rays and moorish idols.
Marine life includes dugongs, rare starfish, turtles and whale sharks.
Marine life includes turtles, sharks, barracuda and reef fish.
Marine life is abundant along the offshore reefs and rock outcroppings within the park.
Marine life is abundant and pristine.
Marine life is abundant and snorkeling sites are spectacular for their color and variety.
Marine life is abundant in the general vicinity of the island.
Marine life is abundant, as the aboriginals found.
Marine life is abundant, including cod, pollack, lobster, ling, sea bass, and flounder.
Marine life is abundant.
Marine life is also varied.
Marine life is diverse.
Marine life is equally diverse and abundant, from tiny plankton to blue whales.
Marine life is especially sensitive to the debris.
Marine life is good and the corals are reasonably untouched.
Marine life is in abundance.
Marine life is just as rich.
Marine life is less threatened by a relaxed snorkeler.
Marine life is located in oceans.
Marine life is located in water.
Marine life is plentiful with a wide array of tropical fish.
Marine life is protected and abundant.
Marine life is protected by zoning the reef to separate conflicting activities.
Marine life is quick to take up residence in the wrecks.
Marine life is very rich here, and provides a wide variety of prey for polar bears.
Marine life maintains balanced ecological relationships by competing for habitat and food.
Marine life poses another water risk to vacationing feet.
Marine life ranges from microscopic plankton to the endangered blue whale.
Marine life refers to the plants , animals and other organisms that live in the ocean.
Marine life refers to the species of animals, plants, and other organisms that live in the ocean.
Marine life renews itself much faster.
Marine life tends to be small, with lots of tropicals and little critters packing the lush reef.
All marine life is part of an inter-connected web.
All marine life is shipped directly from our supplier.
Marine limit is metachronous and formed successively with glacier retreat.
Marine literature abounds with stories of the improper use of drag devices.
Marine litter is an increasing problem for marine life and tourism.
Marine litter is just as unacceptable as any other.
Marine litter keeps increasing.
Marine lube is refers to the style of lubrication.
Marine mammals acquire water from three sources.
Marine mammals adapt to water.
Marine mammals appear to be less disturbed by vessels that are traveling in a predictable manner.
Marine mammals are able to use sensory processes to an extent that still remains a mystery.
Marine mammals are also susceptible to viral infections.
Marine mammals are also very adept at imitating sounds.
Marine mammals are among the most privileged yet beleaguered of creatures in America today.
Marine mammals are animals that are warm-blooded with back bones that live in water.
Marine mammals are animals that spend the majority of their lives in or near the sea.
Marine mammals are aquatic mammals that rely on the ocean for their existence.
Marine mammals are better off in some ways.
Marine mammals are fast swimmers and strong hunters.
Marine mammals are fish.
Marine mammals are fragile indicator species.
Marine mammals are mammals that are well adapted for life in the marine environment.
Marine mammals are mammals that have adapted to life in the ocean.
Marine mammals are mammals that have adapted, or adjusted, to life in the ocean.
Marine mammals are our closest relatives living in the sea.
Marine mammals are part of the living resources of the ocean ecosystems.
Marine mammals are plentiful, including whales, seals, porpoise and birds.
Marine mammals are under threat as the ice pack on which they hunt and breed melts away.
Marine mammals are warm-blooded sea animals such as whales, dolphins and seals.
Marine mammals are well adapted to their hyperosmotic environment.
Marine mammals avoid attacks.
Marine mammals belong to families.
Marine mammals breed very poorly in captivity with very high infant death rates.
Marine mammals can bite and transmit disease.
Marine mammals can have substantially different vibrissal arrangements.
Marine mammals can offer great photo opportunities.
Marine mammals come in contact.
Marine mammals consume food.
Marine mammals depend upon sound to communicate.
Marine mammals die of everything from poisons in their blood to gunshot wounds.
Marine mammals do have adaptations that prevent nitrogen from dis- solving in the blood.
Marine mammals experience problems.
Marine mammals get air holes get clogged so they can drowned.
Marine mammals get themselves caught in the fishermen's nets and are drowned.
Marine mammals have a higher concentration of the oxygen-binding protein myoglobin in the muscles.
Marine mammals have adaptations that reduce oxygen con- sumption in addition to increasing supply.
Marine mammals have characteristics.
Marine mammals have excellent auditory senses.
Marine mammals have excellent underwater vision for finding prey.
Marine mammals have heads.
Marine mammals have kidneys.
Marine mammals have lifespans.
Marine mammals have no outer ear.
Marine mammals have physiological responses.
Marine mammals have relatively low rates of net reproduction.
Marine mammals have responses.
Marine mammals have sensitive hearing and many species communicate by vocalizing underwater.
Marine mammals have short lifespans.
Marine mammals have some of the most efficient kidneys known.
Marine mammals have to contend with the polluted waters off the coastline.
Marine mammals have various adaptations as well.
Marine mammals hear sound.
Marine mammals hunt for food.
Marine mammals hunt for prey.
Marine mammals include bottlenose dolphins.
Marine mammals include dolphins.
Marine mammals include whales.
Marine mammals inhabit areas.
Marine mammals live much or all their lives in water.
Marine mammals produce milk.
Marine mammals show development.
Marine mammals spend a lot of time along the shoreline, as well.
Marine mammals use melatonin.
Marine mammals weigh kgs.
All marine mammals have physiological adaptations for diving.
All marine mammals have special physiological adaptations during a dive.
All marine mammals have special physiological adaptations for diving.
All marine mammals have special physiological adaptations used during a dive.
All marine mammals have special physiological adaptations when they dive.
Many marine mammals echolocate by analyzing the echo of sound waves they emit.
Many marine mammals live in very cold water.
Most marine mammals adapt to water.
Most marine mammals are highly social, living in groups at least part of the time.
Most marine mammals avoid attacks.
Most marine mammals belong to families.
Most marine mammals belong to the Order Cetacea, which includes whales, dolphins, and porpoises.
Most marine mammals come in contact.
Most marine mammals consume food.
Most marine mammals have characteristics.
Most marine mammals have heads.
Most marine mammals have lifespans.
Most marine mammals have physiological responses.
Most marine mammals have responses.
Most marine mammals have short lifespans.
Most marine mammals hear sound.
Most marine mammals inhabit areas.
Most marine mammals produce milk.
Most marine mammals show development.
Most marine mammals use melatonin.
Most marine mammals weigh kgs.
Some marine mammals eat krill.
Some marine mammals feed on bluefin tuna.
Some marine mammals feed on fish.
Some marine mammals feed on tuna.
Some marine mammals have flippers.
Some marine mammals have levels.
Some marine mammals have physical disabilities that impact their survival in the wild.
Some marine mammals have reproductive tracts.
Some marine mammals have tracts.
Some marine mammals ingest larvae.
Some marine mammals inhabit oceans.
Some marine mammals inhabit pacific oceans.
Some marine mammals live in cold water.
Some marine mammals live in freeze water.
Some marine mammals live in lagoons.
Some marine mammals live in saltwaters.
Some marine mammals live in shallow lagoons.
Some marine mammals live in water.
Some marine mammals use estuaries.
Marine mechanics can find themselves working on land or water.
Marine microorganisms are the primary degraders of chitin in the ocean.
Marine microorganisms live in environments.
Marine microorganisms live in marine environments.
Marine microorganisms produce a diverse array of chemical compounds.
Most marine microorganisms live in environments.
Most marine microorganisms live in marine environments.
Marine models are corrosion protected.
Many marine molluscs are slow growing and have very limited reproductive success.
Some marine molluscs have tentacles.
Marine mollusks are locally abundant within the deposit.
Marine mollusks have shells.
Marine mollusks have spiral shells.
Most marine mollusks have shells.
Most marine mollusks have spiral shells.
Marine officers continue to be very active in the enforcement of commercial finfish regulations.
Marine officers expect to scuttle the continent later tonight.
Marine officials say artificial reefs provide more habitat and increase fish populations.
Marine oilers work below decks under the direction of the ship's engineers.
Marine operations are already underway.
Marine organisms are a rich source for natural products.
Marine organisms are an increasingly valuable resource for obtaining beneficial products for humans.
Marine organisms are an interesting source of natural products with potent biological activities.
Marine organisms are aquatic organisms.
Marine organisms are potentially valuable for their wide variety of chemical diversity.
Marine organisms are surrounded by water with a higher solute concentration than the organism and.
Marine organisms can also produce carbonates for shells or other hard parts.
Marine organisms construct their shells out of elements in sea water.
Marine organisms depend on many different kinds of habitats to live.
Marine organisms grow bigger and produce more young in areas that are protected from fishing.
Marine organisms have great variation in their reproductive strategies.
Marine organisms inhabit the pelagic realm - all of the water overlying the ocean floor.
Marine organisms offer a promising source of novel compounds for new drugs.
Marine organisms play roles.
Marine organisms produce chemicals for functions such as defence, offence and signalling.
Marine organisms provide the cure for many diseases and the promise of many more cures.
Marine organisms rely on nitrogen-fixing bacteria to convert nitrogen gas into nitrogen compounds.
Marine organisms represent a promising source to identify new pharmacologically active substances.
Marine organisms show patterns.
Marine organisms use biopolymeric adhesive secretions for attachment.
Marine organisms use photosynthesis.
Many marine organisms release their eggs into the surface waters of the sea.
Most marine organisms are adapted to live in particular temperature ranges.
Most marine organisms die in fresh water.
Most marine organisms live near the surface.
Most marine organisms play roles.
Most marine organisms show patterns.
Most marine organisms use photosynthesis.
Some marine organisms can deliver painful and dangerous stings .
Some marine organisms can deliver painful and dangerous stings.
Some marine organisms have external skeletons.
Some marine organisms have skeletons.
Some marine organisms produce calcium carbonate shells.
Some marine organisms produce shells.
Some marine organisms stay in one place throughout their lifecycle, but others range extensively.
Marine otters avoid sandy beaches.
Marine parasites are veiy common.
Some marine parasites have oral suckers.
Some marine parasites have suckers.
Most marine parks work with California sea lions, the other member of the sea lion family.
Marine parts are a specialty, as well as general appliances and computers.
Marine patrol remains on-call to support local law enforcement, if required.
Marine patrols are the primary means of patrol in Southeast.
Marine photochemistry is relatively young.
Marine photosynthesis provides for at least half of the primary production worldwide.
Marine phytoplankton are extremely tolerant to changes in salinity.
Marine phytoplankton are the first link in the large marine food chain.
Marine phytoplankton is most productive where upwellings bring nutrient-rich waters to the surface.
Marine phytoplankton produce oxygen.
Many marine plankton are calcifying, i.e. they manufacture calcium carbonate shells.
Some marine plankton plays roles.
Marine plants can also produce valued biomedicinal compounds.
Marine plants discharge it into the air.
Marine plants grow on floors.
Marine plants grow on sandy sea floors.
Marine plants grow on sea floors.
Marine plants help shape Florida-manatee distribution and habitat.
Most marine plants grow on floors.
Most marine plants grow on sandy sea floors.
Most marine plants grow on sea floors.
Some marine plants grow in oceans.
Marine plywood has no voids running across the panel, exterior does.
Marine plywood is extremely common here.
Marine plywood is glued together using waterproof glue.
Marine plywood is used for the decks and bulkheads.
Marine pollution affects both human and animal communities.
Marine pollution cans have impact.
Marine pollution cans have serious impact.
Marine pollution is a generic term for the harmful entry into the ocean of chemicals or particles.
Marine pollution is a long term threat.
Marine pollution is associated in the public mind with pollution from oil cargoes.
Marine pollution poses another threat.
Marine pollution provides an illustrative example.
Marine pollution threatens life.
Most marine pollution threatens life.
Marine polychaetes live in habitats.
Most marine polychaetes live in habitats.
Marine predation is also of concern in areas of dwindling salmon run-size.
Marine predators have large prey.
Marine predators have prey.
Most marine predators have large prey.
Most marine predators have prey.
Some marine predators live in sea.
Marine preservation is definitely the most important environmental issue.
Marine productivity is the source of prosperity for cities along the coast.
Some marine prokaryotes contain chlorophyll.
Marine protection remains grossly inadequate.
Many marine protists have a cytoplasm that is osmotically similar to the seawater.
Marine protozoans lack contractile vacuoles.
Many marine puffers have a pelagic, or open-ocean, life stage.
Marine radar provides an important tool for the detection of sea ice and icebergs.
Marine radar radome.
Marine radio is a vital safety link for people venturing out on the water.
Marine records rely principally on observations made by merchant ships.
Marine reptiles evolve, such as ichthyosaurs and plesiosaurs.
Marine reptiles meet fate.
Most marine reptiles meet fate.
Some marine reptiles can develop chronic chemical toxicities if kept in tap water.
Marine research involves a big aquarium and that can certainly be made interesting.
Marine research is an important activity here.
Marine research is hard to replicate in a classroom lab.
Marine research offers an opportunity for growth and wealth in the Treasure Coast area.
Marine researchers continue to discover new species in the area.
Marine reserve benefits local fisheries.
Marine reserves are areas in the sea in which fishing is banned.
Marine reserves are areas of sea and foreshore where all marine life is totally protected.
Marine reserves are areas which have been closed to fishing.
Marine reserves are difficult to properly design and site.
Marine reserves are few in number and small in scale.
Marine reserves are key to protecting reef fish.
Marine reserves are no different.
Marine reserves are one effective way to conserve marine life.
Marine reserves are one of the answers to get back on track.
Marine reserves can work anywhere.
Marine reserves demonstrate top-down control of community structure on temperate reefs.
Marine reserves demonstrate trophic interactions across habitats.
Marine reserves design.
Marine reserves displace fishermen.
Marine reserves function to benefit fisheries through two major avenues.
Marine reserves improve natural population structures within their borders.
Marine reserves offer incomplete protection.
Marine reserves play an important role in restocking over-fished areas.
Marine reserves provide an ecological, multispecies approach to fishery management.
Marine reserves provide insurance against scientific uncertainty.
Marine reserves provide scientific research opportunities.
Marine resources are accessible, but fishing has little prestige.
Marine resources are substantial.
Marine resources depend on variation.
Marine resources have a relatively untapped potential for commercially important compounds.
Marine resources provide food.
Marine resources underpin both the traditional lifestyle and the development of the cash economy.
Most marine resources depend on variation.
Most marine resources provide food.
Marine revenue includes fees charged for items such as berthage and harbour fees.
Marine salts vary greatly in calcium content.
Marine sanctuaries are home to endangered humpback whales , sea turtles , sea otters, and manatees.
Marine sanctuaries are home to endangered humpback whales, sea turtles, sea otters, and manatees.
Marine sanctuaries make up only half of one percent of the water the U.S. controls.
Marine sanctuaries play an important role in the conservation of oceans.
Marine sanctuaries protect our nation's most important marine ecosystems.
Most marine sanctuaries maintain their own Web sites.
Marine science can also be very rewarding.
Marine science is a big field. . .
Marine science is a popular field.
Marine science is emphasized in the spring semester.
Marine science is the focal point of the curriculum, supported by the core curriculum.
Marine science is the scientific study of the coast, oceans and seas in all their aspects.
Marine science makes use of our South Florida location for shoreline ecology and marine studies.
Marine scientists are concerned that the oceans are so polluted with the dangerous chemicals.
Marine scientists discover existence.
Marine scientists report levels.
Marine scientists undertake tasks.
Many marine scientists have multiple specialties or work as part of multi disciplinary teams.
Most marine scientists discover existence.
Most marine scientists report levels.
Most marine scientists undertake tasks.
Some marine scientists discover disturbances.
Some marine scientists discover wave disturbances.
Some marine scientists study creatures.
Marine seaweed helps protect marine life.
Marine sediments are minerals that settled down through oceans, which are relatively high in boron.
Marine sediments consist of materials.
Marine sediments penetrate into the riverbeds up to a long distance from the coast.
Marine sediments provide long and continuous records of climate change at a range of timescales.
Most marine sediments are of two basic types.
Most marine sediments consist of materials.
Marine sharks accumulate and tolerate a high level of urea in their blood.
Marine shells are abundant.
Marine sites are also accessible by car, including coral reefs and underwater steam vents.
Most marine snails encapsulate their offspring in a resilient biological elastomer.
Some marine snails eat meat.
Some marine snails feed on algas.
Some marine snails produce secretion.
Marine snow aggregate formation and remineralization.
Marine snow can also be a reservoir for other important elements, like nitrogen.
Marine snow is a very rich source of nutrition.
Marine snow is diverse enough to support numerous species.
Marine snow is the basis of much life on the ocean floor .
Marine snow is the basis of much life on the ocean floor.
Marine snow turns out to be one of the most important components of the mid water system.
Marine species are affected by global warming in numerous other ways.
Marine species are also more vulnerable than biologists once believed.
Marine species are most diverse around coral reef systems such as the Great Barrier Reef.
Marine species are often more sensitive than the freshwater species.
Marine species are usually benthic.
Marine species find many ways to travel to a new environment.
Marine species have veliger larvae.
Marine species provide a large percentage of humans' protein supply.
Marine species tend to be larger than freshwater species.
Many marine species enter waters in the ballast water used to stabilize ships.
Many marine species show a patchy distribution.
Many marine species spend their early lives as larvae traveling in open water.
Many marine species use a technique called counterillumination to protect themselves.
Most marine species are hosts to one or more parasites.
Most marine species have large ranges.
Marine sponges are the most ancient group of multicellular animalsliving on Earth.
Marine sponges come from fisheries in the Mediterranean and West Indies .
Marine sponges release external buds after a discrete period of development.
Some marine sponges are of commer- cial importance.
Some marine sponges produce buds.
Marine sports are available for the non-diver.
Marine sports Let's enjoy marine sports such as diving.
Marine stingers are a problem in coastal waters.
Marine stores carry great rain protection.
Marine stores sell fiberglass repair kits.
Most marine stores have a pretty good idea what's the minimum.
Marine stratus is also a problem at other major coastal airports.
Marine structures present still another set of conditions and requirements.
Marine studies can fulfill both needs.
Marine studies can meet both objectives.
Marine succession varies with climate.
Marine supplies are available in all yachting centres, although the prices are very high.
Marine surveyors have to do it both ways.
Marine surveyors map shorelines and depths of water bodies.
Many marine surveyors charge on a per foot basis plus additional mileage charges.
Marine systems are more often N limited or both N and P limited.
Marine systems have a limit on the damage that they can sustain, just as terrestrial systems do.
Marine systems receive less attention.
Many marine systems have no observable nitrogen fixation.
Marine tanks require regular maintenance and cleaning.
All marine tanks are past tanks.
Every marine tank has picoplankton in the form of bacteria.
Marine technicians collect and analyze information using instruments and computers.
Marine technicians tend to spend more time at hands-on tasks than marine scientists.
Marine technology is an ideal subject for first-degree engineers with technical interest.
Some marine teleosts have a. fovea.
Marine temperatures change gradually because of the heat capacity of water.
Marine terraces are common all along coastal California.
Marine toads are cold intolerant.
Some marine toads eat frog toads.
Some marine toads eat toads.
Marine toilets are very delicate.
Marine topcoats adhere directly without further treatment.
Every marine topic is covered such as engines, drives, marinas, trailers, and much more.
Marine topography refers to the shape the land has when it interfaces with the ocean.
Marine tourism involves a diverse range of marine-related tourism activities.
Marine tourism is also the largest employer of the marine industries.
Marine toxins are either biological or chemical, and both have contributed to dolphin deaths.
Some marine toxins are produced by diatoms.
Marine training is inherited through genes.
Marine transgressions are about to destroy a large medieval church on Poland's Baltic coast.
Marine transportation accounts for over half of the value of exports.
Marine transportation encompasses broad questions of international trade.
Marine transportation is an important use of the ocean.
Marine trash is dangerous to our wildlife, the fishing industry, beach-goers.
A marine turtle is a turtle
Marine turtles are at risk when encountering an oil spill.
Marine turtles are generally herbivores, feeding mainly on sea grasses.
Marine turtles are heterosexual, with sexual dimorphism being evident in adults.
Marine turtles come ashore only to lay eggs.
Marine turtles eat a wide variety of synthetic material, including pellets.
Marine turtles face enormous pressures throughout their life cycles.
Marine turtles hatch on sandy beaches and then spend their lives out in the open sea.
Marine turtles have oval shells.
Marine turtles have shells.
Marine turtles have temperature.
Marine turtles migrate considerable distances between their nesting and feeding grounds.
Marine turtles occur in tropical and temperate seas throughout the world.
All marine turtles lay their eggs on land, where their movements are clumsy and awkward.
Most marine turtles have oval shells.
Most marine turtles have shells.
Most marine turtles have temperature.
Most marine turtles spend only part of their lives in U.S. waters.
Some marine turtles eat jellyfish.
Some marine turtles lack diversity.
Marine vertebrates have blood.
Most marine vertebrates have blood.
Some marine vertebrates have concentration.
Marine viruses are part of a microbial loop and are seen as primary producers in the food chain.
Marine water enters the system in discreet, deep water intrusions.
Marine water has levels.
Most marine water has levels.
Marine wealth includes both the vessel and the freight for the voyage giving rise to the claim.
Marine work uses fewer seismometers and many more shots.
Marine worms are also prey.
Marine worms have distinct sexes and ephemeral sex organs.
Marine worms live in mud.
Marine worms provide a trophic link in the food web as they are consumed by other marine species.
Marine worms use for bait.
Marine worms use for fish bait.
Many marine worms are related only distantly, so they form a number of different phyla.
Many marine worms display a feathery appendage in search of food.
Most marine worms are polychaetes.
Most marine worms live in mud.
Most marine worms use for bait.
Most marine worms use for fish bait.
Marine zooplankton are consumers.
A marine is a soldier
Marines are a product of society and have poor body awareness.
Marines are also tough organizationally.
Marines are America s most deployed force.
Marines are better prepared for combat.
Marines are different.
Marines are everywhere.
Marines are good stewards of our Southern California coastline.
Marines are in Kuwait City.
Marines are just like regular infantry unless they happen to be making an amphibious assault.
Marines are like anybody else.
Marines are located in oceans.
Marines are military services.
Marines are pretty tight.
Marines are soldiers who serve on warships , but go to land to fight when necessary .
Marines are soldiers who serve on warships, but go to land to fight when necessary.
Marines are soldiers.
Marines are still under the gun.
Marines are successful in physical aspects of warfighting preparedness.
Marines are the toughest physically, and begin with the most weapons skills.
Marines are their own worst enemy.
Marines are there to hit air targets and any unit that gets close to the Siege Tanks.
Marines are very tender-hearted toward kids.
Marines arriving from off island arrive approximately two days before the actual report date.
Marines begin advancement on Gilbert Island.
Marines can effectively enter a fight stimmed without the health sacrifice.
Marines can enter a mission alone, or join a fire team.
Marines can get in through a marine sized crawl space at each side.
Marines can perform all crew functions except firing the ships's guns.
Marines can reload funds as needed into the E-purse.
Marines can update software and configure clients from one central point.
Marines choose from jets.
Marines claim to do more in the morning than most people do all day.
Marines clash with nationalist rebels.
Marines come up on elevator from hanger deck to enter copters for assault take-off.
Marines dash into the center of the compound as clouds of yellow smoke billow up into the gray sky.
Marines deserve absolutely no less.
Marines dig in on the beachhead at Saipan.
Marines do have one unit that is vastly superior to everyone else's equivalent unit tactical squads.
Marines do more with less, and they like it that way.
Marines do the right thing in every situation.
Marines drink beer during an officer s retirement party.
Marines drop into planet atmosphere and assault begins.
Marines employ the first use of aviation in tactical support of ground forces in Nicaragua.
Marines engaging zerglings look like blue and gray blobs bumping into red and purple blobs.
Marines feel they are in an organization that takes their combat mission seriously.
Marines fight in Cuba and Manila Bay.
Marines follow orders, usually tied to national policy.
Marines Get a free key chain.
Marines go into New Guinea.
Marines go through the same school as any naval aviator.
Marines have a world-wide reputation for being hard, courageous leaders and simply gifted.
Marines have a worldwide reputation for being hard, courageous leaders and simply gifted.
Marines have easy access to therapy, rehabilitation and an education from specialists.
Marines have to improvise, adapt and overcome.
Marines help take a Mexican schooner in the Gulf of Mexico.
Marines insert their smart card into hand-held computers used by the armorers.
Marines intervene in election contest.
Marines is a special niche.
Marines is a word to conjure with, and the conjuring has gone far.
Marines know they are part of a larger organization.
Marines learn how to screen individuals for possible recruitment.
Marines leave the warships using helicopters, landing craft, hovercraft and amphibious vehicles.
Marines live it every day of their lives.
Marines make lousy role-players.
Marines make up a small part of U.S. forces in Europe.
Marines make up the second force.
Marines march in for training in tactical operations in the arctic environment.
Marines never quit.
Marines pride themselves on being lean, mean warriors who are people-oriented.
Marines pride themselves on creating discipline, leadership and motivation.
Marines pride themselves on traveling light and fighting hard.
Marines protect U.S. economic interests.
Marines rally as they fall back.
Marines say that safety comes from the thorough inspections.
Marines secretly invade Laos.
Marines specialize in military actions in other countries, such as an attack by sea and occupation.
Marines stay in shape.
Marines suffer from insufficient fire-support from the sea.
Marines Take a long moment to look over our expanded Web page.
Marines take care of their own.
Marines take station inside the bunkers to provide early warning of any incoming attacks.
Marines take up defensive positions in embassy.
Marines then proceed to the Staging Area to choose a mission type.
Marines train hard and when time allows, play hard.
Marines try to survive and kill.
Marines unload deactivated land mines for destruction at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Marines always study training plans in the Pacific Area.
Marines often refer to each other as brother and sister.
Marines usually have strong links with the country's navy.
MarineDATA software is included.
A mariner is a sailor
Mariners access the latest weather data from the Internet while they are fueling up.
Mariners approach weather with a spirit of resignation.
Mariners are a real team.
Mariners are especially at risk because such storms are more intense at sea .
Mariners are especially concerned about wind and waves.
Mariners are located in sea.
Mariners are sailors.
Mariners are still advise to exercise caution.
Mariners are well represented in the visual arts.
Mariners dispute public cap.
Mariners get even with fast start.
Mariners has a great legacy as a small group organization.
Mariners have a language all their own.
Mariners have a way to safely navigate around tropical cyclones.
Mariners have access to boat ramps and a special area set aside for jet skiing.
Mariners is a navy blue button front jersey.
Mariners is the preferred designation.
Mariners move up to No.
Mariners now have two quality starters in their rotation.
Mariners score seven runs in seventh inning.
Mariners score three times in the ninth to beat Arizona.
Mariners spend extended periods at sea.
Mariners watch the polar star for guidance to the goal in view.
Mariners work in all weather conditions.
Every mariner has the responsibility to operate vessels in a safe manner.
Many mariners believe in luck, so superstitions result.
Some mariners stick with one vessel for years.
Mariological study can also profit from interdisciplinary teaching.
A marionette is a figure
Marionettes are a metaphor for the life of an artist.
Marionettes are female robots that are usually mindless automatons with no personality.
Marionettes are software.
Marionettes can also resist movement and exercise a counterforce.
Some marionettes can also move by eyes, mouth etc.
Mariposa County is the place to go.
A mariposa is a bulbous plant
Mariposa addresses fundamental problems in the standard approach to distributed data management.
Marischino cherry is desired.
Marist alumni are also a young group.
Marist faculty instruct the science teachers in the use of the instruments during summer workshops.
Marist seniors take a capstone course in their major field.
Marist students serve as tutors, interns and coordinators.
Marist students serve as tutors, mentors and interns and coordinate events on campus.
Most Marist students apply for a number of internships simultaneously.
Marist teaching focuses on student potential and promotes the importance of concern for the family.
Marital affairs can become a little shaky by the end of the week.
Marital breakdown costs taxpayers.
Marital breakdown is an event that causes housing difficulties for many families.
Marital breakdown weakens civil society and limited government.
Most marital breakup is instigated by fathers.
Marital commitment demands perseverance.
Marital conflict has a threatening and destabilizing influence on families.
Marital conflict has both direct and indirect effects on children.
Marital conflict is almost universal.
Marital conflict undermines parents ability to discipline children appropriately and effectively.
Marital conflicts can create a multitude of fears and worries in adults and children.
Marital conflicts develop and escalate.
Marital couples go to psychologists for help.
Marital cynicism permeates pop-ular culture in email jokes, movie dialogue, and television sitcoms.
Marital debts can also be part of the equitable distribution.
Marital difficulties are fraught with legal pitfalls.
Marital discord is hard enough on children.
Marital disruption is accompanied by increases in truancy and more negative attitudes toward school.
Marital disruption is three times as likely.
Marital distress can be an important health hazard for adults and children.
Marital distress is an important health hazard for adults and children.
Marital distress is an important health hazzard for adults and children.
Marital distress leads to depression and reduces immune system functioning in adults.
Marital drift can encourage secrecy and separateness that allows room for increased temptation.
Marital egalitarians believe in shared household duties, financial equality, and equal gender roles.
Marital failure results in different consequences for different persons.
Marital fertility is, of course, one of the keys to the demographic transition.
Marital fidelity is rare in the psychopath's life.
Marital fraud is a frequent offense amongst the usurpers of names and titles.
Marital happiness is likely to be affected toward the end of the week.
Marital infidelity is at an all-time high today.
Marital infidelity is common.
Marital infidelity is nothing new.
Marital love is a strong love, an enduring love, a never ending love.
Marital love is like that.
Marital love is love that lasts.
Marital love is self-sacrificial.
Marital love requires self respect, self-esteem, and a sense of personal boundaries and limits.
Marital misconduct is a factor that can be considered in dividing property and awarding maintenance.
Marital problems are common.
Marital problems are conspicuous in such a small community.
Marital problems are never the result of one person alone.
Marital problems are too dangerous to ignore, and their solutions are too important to overlook.
Marital problems do arise, but they are also solved.
Marital problems increase the likelihood of depression, especially in women.
Many marital problems require solutions that are unique to certain circumstances.
Most marital problems emanate from money problems.
Marital property can include possessions, real property and money.
Marital property consists of assets acquired during the marriage.
Marital property exists regardless of how title is held.
Marital property includes jointly and most separately owned assets acquired during a marriage.
Marital property is basically everything else.
Marital property is property acquired during the marriage except that acquired by gift or bequest.
Marital property is property acquired during the marriage.
Marital property is subject to division upon dissolution of marriage.
Marital property is subject to equitable distribution or division.
Marital property is the real and personal property of all married persons.
Marital property is to be divided equally and without regard to any marital misconduct.
All marital property is subject to division in Colorado.
All marital property is subject to the proceedings.
Marital rape is a crime in several states.
Marital rape is also a crime under Maine law.
Marital rape is another area where the law has changed dramatically over time.
Marital rape is defined in two ways.
Marital rape is illegal in the state of Montana.
Marital rape is legal there .
Marital rape is legal there.
Marital rape is the worst form of domestic and gender based violence against married women.
Marital rape is where the victim of rape is married to the person committing the rape .
Marital rape is where the victim of rape is married to the person committing the rape.
Marital relations are suspended by common consent, free love obtain.s, and free fights often follow.
A marital relationship is kinship
Marital relationships are a very private and intimate matters.
Marital residence is generally patrilocal.
Marital restoration is more difficult when a. the affair was a one-night stand.
Marital separation is said to be more painful than the death of a spouse.
Marital sex has the excitement of yesterday's rice pudding.
Marital sex is a partial sin.
Marital sex tends toward the boring.
Marital sins are unforgivable.
Marital status becomes the question of the day.
Marital status commands attention.
Marital status creates various legal rights, obligations and liabilities.
Marital status dominates.
Marital status figures prominently in scenario.
Marital status figures prominently.
Marital status has a powerful impact on the general happiness of individuals.
Marital status has a powerful impact on the levels of both happiness and optimism.
Marital status has little relationship with readership of the Bible.
Marital status influences drinking habits.
Marital status is also a significant predictor of longevity.
Marital status is another important factor.
Marital status is determined on the date the house is sold.
Marital status is featured.
Marital status is human relationships.
Marital status is legal status
Marital status is legal status.
Marital status is noted with yes or no.
Marital status is protected in credit.
Marital status is protected in the area of credit.
Marital status is protected only in credit.
Marital status refers to the way the law recognizes the contract between two people to marry.
Marital stress is included as a potential intervening factor in modeling parenting style.
Marital stress is one of the major stressors involved in depression.
Marital strife is another common problem.
Marital subordination translates quae in manu nostra sunt.
Marital therapists work with couples to develop strategies for resolving conflict without violence.
Marital therapy can help a couple understand the dynamics that operate within their relationship.
Marital therapy is indicated if the cause is interpersonal.
Marital therapy requires very different skills than doing individual therapy.
Marital ties figure elsewhere in the growing scandal.
Marital trusts vary widely in their complexity, so the article discusses various scenarios.
Marital unfaithfulness is the ultimate act of selfishness.
Marital woes are beatable.
Marital woes ensue for all, and comedy hijinks follow.
Maritime activity is documented.
Maritime aircraft are also significant carriers of ASMs in their own right.
Maritime climate prevails.
Maritime commerce is an important use of the ocean.
Maritime commerce is critical to the health of the U.S. economy.
Maritime commerce is key to Hoosier economy.
Maritime commerce is replete with agents.
Maritime commerce is such a huge area.
Maritime conditions meet the requirements of migratory fish.
Maritime cultures have many distinctive methods,styles and histories.
Many maritime entities have neither values nor processes to support new ways of doing business.
Maritime forces have an important role to play in modern peacekeeping operations.
Maritime forests are hardwood forests that lie just inland from coastal strands.
Maritime forests lie inland from coastal strands.
Maritime history is about more than majestic vessels, though.
Maritime history is alive and well here.
Maritime history is an important and exciting part of our past.
Maritime history is literally underneath our feet.
Maritime history is one of the fields in which the department offers a PhD degree.
Maritime injuries involve a body of law separate and distinct from common law negligence actions.
Maritime inspectors are responsible for conducting inspections of both merchant and fishing vessels.
Maritime issues are increasingly important.
A maritime law is an international law
Maritime law illustrates the principle.
Maritime law is among the oldest branches of law.
Maritime law is the fundamental conceptual basis of international space law.
Maritime law prevails.
Maritime law straddles several disciplines within the shipping industry.
Maritime laws are international laws.
Maritime legends are ripe with stories of forerunners.
Maritime members have to offer.
Maritime meteorology deals with air and wave forecasts for ships operating at sea.
Maritime moderation is significant only along the peripheries, mainly in the east and west.
Maritime museum illustrates local fishing industry.
Most maritime nations have an equivalent to the Jones Act.
Maritime operations are a subset of War, just as land operations are a subset.
Maritime power has two principal components.
Maritime powers are highly vulnerable both in peace and war due to their dependence on the sea.
Maritime presence takes many forms.
Maritime safety is also capable of improvement.
Maritime safety is both active and passive.
Maritime saltwort is an obvoius sometimes exception.
Maritime shipping is almost always slower and less expensive than air.
Maritime superiority is a fundamental requirement for U.S. security.
Maritime trade is fundamental to international commerce.
Maritime transport is difficult to negotiate for two reasons.
Maritime transport ranks high on the long list of problems Egyptian exporters have to deal with.
Maritime warfare requires only one species of effort.
Maritime weekend includes fishing equipment, decoys, and antique small wooden boats.
Maritz salespeople can tailor online sales presentations for individual pitches.
Marjoram isa herb.
Marjorams add flavor.
Marjorams have (part) cell membranes.
Marjorams have (part) cells.
Marjorams have (part) corpi.
Marjorams have (part) cytoplasm.
Marjorams have (part) nuclei.
Marjorams have (part) plasma membranes.
Marjorams have (part) sections.
Marjorams have (part) vacuoles.
Marjorams have (part) vegetables.
Most marjorams add flavor.
Some marjorams attract beneficial insects.
Some marjorams attract insects.
Some marjorams grow feet.
Some marjorams grow on graves.
Some marjorams have calm effects.
Some marjorams have effects.
Some marjorams have extensive use.
Some marjorams have flavor.
Some marjorams have green leaves.
Some marjorams have issues.
Some marjorams have leaves.
Some marjorams have texture.
Some marjorams originate in regions.
Some marjorams thrive in conditions.
A mark is a rating
MARK estimates survival rates and recapture probabilities for all time intervals.
Marks advocates sending of specialised forces and intelligence experts and functional specialists.
Marks aggregate towards the final grade.
Marks aid consumers in answering questions regarding the origin of the product or service provided.
Marks also has a soft spot for ehrenfelser.
Marks also manufactures many types of Architectural hardware.
Marks appear neatly on any kind of wet, rough, or dirt-encrusted bark.
Marks are all over the wall.
Marks are also graded according to their relative strength by their distinctiveness.
Marks are evaluation.
Marks are important for entering university, so keep studying, and work hard.
Marks are impressions.
Marks are in pairs.
Marks are indications.
Marks are just one item used to date a piece of faience.
Marks are liable for removal.
Marks are made on a specially printed paper forms which are then read by an OMR reader .
Marks are made on a specially printed paper forms which are then read by an OMR reader.
Marks are many and varied.
Marks are out of ten.
Marks are part of new testaments.
Marks are pilots.
Marks are reference points that can be placed anywhere in a recording.
Marks are removable with a damp cloth.
Marks are secondary.
Marks are strong.
Marks are symbols of quality.
Marks are symbols.
Marks are the blue, vertical lines on which events are placed.
Marks are the placed where events are attached.
Marks are to aid the consumer, rather than serve the interests of business.
Marks are towns.
Marks are useful.
Marks are valid as long as they are used.
Marks are weather and fade-resistant.
Marks are women and men, both lay and clergy, who are committed to their own spiritual journeys.
Marks bleed through solvent or oil-based paints.
Marks bleed through water-based paints.
Marks branches with urine.
Marks can span across files.
Marks change from year to year, enabling collectors to identify the year the piece was made.
Marks covered include the dash, brackets, ellipsis, parenthesis, etc.
Marks defect on rug.
Marks defects and sorts tires for removal to balance and label, repair, or classification sections.
Marks end of block to move or copy.
Marks end of content.
Marks generally follow the departmental criteria for assessment.
Marks generally lose their source-identifying function through abandonment .
MARKs is a program for the entry, editing, processing and presentation of survey research data.
Marks left by a walking stick are very distinctive.
Marks lists .
Marks made by the long claws usually show.
Marks made on scantron forms take precedence over marks made on the exam.
Marks manufactures locks for commercial applications.
Marks normally have a long duration.
Marks plans to attend graduate school to gain a physical therapist certification.
Marks plans to begin doctoral work in family studies next fall.
Marks represent something different than the registration of a company name.
Marks requisitions accurately for typing purchase orders.
Marks show where to set the first stud.
Marks shown for subections are indicative only.
Marks shown for subsections are indicative only.
Marks stay attached to notes Changing a note s duration no longer erases marks attached to the note.
Marks subtly interplay representational and abstract forms, creating expressionist incursions.
Marks turn to sleep.
Marks wrap around the figures and forms, which emerge into palpable physicality.
All Marks are altitude adjusted.
All marks are property of their respective owners.
All marks are the possessions of their respective companies.
All marks are the property of the respective companies.
All marks are the property of their respective companies.
All marks are the property of their respective holders.
All marks are the property of their respective owners.
All marks are to be rounded to port unless otherwise instructed.
All marks are to be rounded to port.
All marks are Trademarks of relative owners.
All marks are trademarks or register marks of their respective holders.
All marks are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All marks are wind-legal.
Every mark has a meaning, some several at once.
Every mark is a metrical beat that forms a larger structure.
Many marks are descriptive of the product or service which they identify.
Many marks have to be turned off too.
Most marks are instructions to the typesetter concerning layout.
Most marks begin some function and require an end mark.
Most marks consist of a combination of incuse and relief design elements.
Some marks are more distinctive in distinguishing their goods or services.
Some marks are of children's feet, but always going somewhere with adults.
Some marks are stronger than others.
Some marks contain more than one design figurative element.
Some marks endure for life, while others fade away over time.
Some marks give only a patent date.
Some marks serve both purposes.
Marked aggravation follows hurried actions, like running.
Marked area is where there is leeway to move pipe.
Marked areas show where the campsite was.
Marked articles are difficult to dispose of and easily traced.
Marked boundaries are optional.
Marked buoys allow the gear to be easily located and identified.
Marked calibrations demonstrate when the balance is level and zeroed.
Marked crosswalks can be a useful traffic control device.
Marked crosswalks can help guide children to the best route to school.
Marked crosswalks seem to give pedestrians a false sense of security.
Marked dehydration causes severe weakness with poor skin turgor, sunken eyes and cheeks.
Marked detours suggest alternate routes around the most dangerous cliffs.
Marked discomfort occurs if the ulceration spreads to the urethra or anal area.
Marked distances are in units of .
Marked elements have a plus sign in the leftmost column.
Marked entries are blue.
Marked fields are mandatory .
Marked fields are mandatory.
Marked goods are harder to sell on and are easily identifiable when recovered.
Marked graves are far more likely to be respected left alone, or reburied than unmarked graves.
Marked hypotension is seen in patients requiring hemodialysis.
Marked improvement is noted in the second venous doppler.
Marked items are harder for a burglar to dispose of and easier for police to recover.
Marked items are print journals that are duplicated by electronic journals.
Marked items are worthless to criminals as their value is greatly decreased.
Marked particles appear green in all plots.
Marked particles appear green in plots.
Some marked places are labeled, some are accurate.
Marked prices reflect savings off original ticketed price.
Marked property is difficult for a burglar to dispose of or resell.
Marked property is difficult for a burglar to dispose of or re-sell.
Marked property is difficult for a thief to dispose of or re-sell.
Marked property is difficult for the burglar to sell.
Marked property is difficult for thieves to sell.
Marked property is difficult to dispose of and easier to recover, if stolen.
Marked property is easier to identify.
Marked property is more difficult to dispose of and easier to recover, if stolen.
Marked property makes it easier for Police to track property and apprehend offenders.
Marked property makes stolen goods difficult to sell.
Marked sections identify and control the disposition of parts of text entities.
Many marked surfaces are less than a metre in size.
Marked t are tailors only.
Marked tenderness is usually present.
Many marked tracks are a proof of an old tradition of mountain-climbing.
Marked trails afford access to the upstate's diverse wildlife habitats.
Marked trails are in each sanctuary.
Marked trails begin along major roads throughout the area.
Marked trails incorporate the up state's rich history and diverse wildlife habitat.
Marked trails lead to scenic overlooks, streams and waterfalls.
Marked trails wind through the forest along streambeds and moss-covered rocks.
Many marked trails wind through a variety of habitats typical of central Maryland.
Marked trailhead is located just before barrier.
Marked trees run between two to four feet in diameter.
Marked variations exist in the percent calf crop among Georgia beef cattle herds.
Marked walls can are sure-fire signs of hidden areas.
Marked work is returned to the students and difficulties explained in the tutorials.
Marker beds are strata that are very distictive and stand out.
Marker buoys are visible in the lake.
Marker buoys can sink under the weight of mussel encrustation.
Marker chromosomes add evidence to the parentage of Leucaena leucocephala.
Marker genes are of great significance to plant breeders.
Marker genes are plentiful and easier to find on the chromosomal super-highway.
Marker pens write well on plastic and show up clealy on the white background.
A marker is an artifact
Marker also appreciates the freedom to create interdisciplinary courses.
Marker creates resonating spaces laden with meaning.
Marker describes church history.
Marker has no dates just names.
Marker has three ink modes.
Marker is a veteran Blues broadcaster.
Marker is adjacent to the railroad tracks.
Marker is an impressive advocate whose views deserve careful consideration.
Marker is broken into two pieces with the break being across the age year.
Marker is committed to providing performance enhancement for every skier.
Marker is green as it appears to left.
Marker is located in the securely attached marker case with hook and loop closure.
Marker is next to the dirt road as it approaches the entrance.
Marker is on left side of bridge, west of Goose Creek.
Marker is related to have been east of residence on north side of road.
Marker is variable over entire sweep range of instrument.
Marker is virtually smooth and completely unreadable.
Marker isa artifact.
Marker lives amid a sea of rumors, some believable, some outrageous.
Marker mar A small extra piece of chromosomal material that travels with the other chromosomes.
Markers act like mile posts along the DNA, giving approximate location of genes.
Markers also have a standardisation meeting before starting their individual work.
Markers also have alleles.
Markers appear where the ground points are created.
Markers are all about enjoying work.
Markers are artifacts.
Markers are available at local stores.
Markers are available labeled with biotin, digoxin, dinitrophenyl, or fluorescein.
Markers are basically checks, provided by the casino.
Markers are color-coded to indicate level of difficulty.
Markers are common in all high end programs, and essential for synchronization.
Markers are consistent, and they can be stored on disk for future use.
Markers are cruicial to inform others that the area is targeted for artillery fire.
Markers are DNA fragments with harmless variations that are unique to families.
Markers are easily detectable pieces of DNA close to a gene.
Markers are effectively versatile, portable, and fun to use.
Markers are favors, but they're more than that.
Markers are fun.
Markers are great tools for more than lettering.
Markers are heritable, but can separate during gametogenesis.
Markers are lined up in a bar graph on table, poster or board.
Markers are located in books.
Markers are located in briefcases.
Markers are located in desks.
Markers are located in drawers.
Markers are located in schools.
Markers are molecules that leak from the heart into the blood when a heart attack occurs.
Markers are near huge oak trees.
Markers are often absent due to an accident, vandalism or maintenance work.
Markers are paragraph-specific.
Markers are pens.
Markers are pieces of contents associated with areas in the area tree.
Markers are present in a patient's clinical blood sample.
Markers are ready to use as they print.
Markers are self-adhesive and aggressively adhere to a wide range of surfaces indoors and outside.
Markers are strands of proteins that act as road signs leading researchers to a gene in a sequence.
Markers are symbols.
Markers are the currency of power, and the only currency that counts.
Markers are the horses.
Markers are to be supplied with a pre-cast concrete base.
Markers are used for coloring.
Markers are used for drawing.
Markers are used for highlightings.
Markers are used for writes.
Markers are used for writing.
Markers are wonderful, too.
Markers are yellow .
Markers are yellow.
Markers automatically become active targets when they are dropped.
Markers can apply to all sequence lines, or to a specific line.
Markers can be dominant or codominant.
Markers can be entire alleles, repetitive stretches of DNA, or single nucleotide polymorphisms.
Markers can range from completely benign to extremely serious.
Markers come together to discuss discrepancies and identify an agreed mark.
Markers come with stainless steel rods which are inserted into pre-drilled holes.
Markers create anticipation of transition.
Markers depict some of the history of the downtown buildings, now dotted with several quaint shops.
Markers depict some of the history of the downtown buildings, now dotted with several quint shops.
Markers describe wildlife and vegetation of the area.
Markers determine the best arrangement of pattern pieces to minimise wasted fabric.
Markers determine the best arrangement of pattern pieces to minimize wasted fabric.
Markers determine the best layout of pattern pieces to minimize wasted material.
Markers Draw a plant on the poster board and label each part with the appropriate plant name.
Markers dry out with time, especially in the desert, so out they go.
Markers facilitate identification.
Markers fall to the bottom.
Markers generally come in a variety of different colors.
Markers give a bold look to the images.
Markers glide smoothly across the writing surface.
Markers have (part) sections.
Markers have an important role in multi-agent cooperation and learning.
Markers have no read syntax.
Markers Have the students count off by threes.
Markers have to be in correct order in pedigree file.
Markers identify interesting varieties of trees and other points of interest.
Markers indicate movable cards .
Markers indicate the general location of a pipeline.
Markers indicate the locations where two soldiers fell.
Markers invariably forget to call UP, or if they do, they say it too late or too softly.
Markers is on the left at the top of the stairs.
Markers know that it is much more challenging to paraphrase than to copy something out of a book .
Markers note people and events associated with the area's history.
Markers only move to the left.
Markers provide cues to the orientation of the body with respect to the scanned data.
Markers provide opportunity.
Markers provide unique opportunity.
Markers reduce skips and overlaps by indicating where to drive on each pass.
Markers return to pretreatment levels when treatment stopped.
Markers run out of ink.
Markers shots sound ok, but needs music to add to the action.
Markers show clear differentiations.
Markers show clear genetic differentiations.
Markers show differentiations.
Markers show genetic differentiations.
Markers show the exact length, layout and characteristics of each fairway.
Markers show the location of the trait on the chromosmes of an individual.
Markers show the precise locations of all annotations.
Markers show the two riverside boundary corners.
Markers stay brighter longer and are replaced less often, reducing maintenance costs.
Markers tell researchers that they are changing what they want to change.
Markers then attach to the complex to visualize the location of viral presence.
Markers There are two types of markers available in the training room.
Markers Think of markers as electronic bookmarks.
Markers vary from large granite or marble memorials to small bronze plaques placed over a grave.
Markers wipe clean with an eraser or dry cloth.
Markers write on smoothly and wipe off with ease.
Markers usually consist of some type of detectable variation in the nucleotide sequence.
All markers are from the twentieth century.
All markers are identical to the photos below .
All markers designate places or persons of statewide significance.
All Markers shown here are available for immediate lettering and delivery.
All markers use a self-centering lead shot and retainer to create an upright indicator.
Many markers point to health concerns involving Canadian youths.
Most markers are handmade and inscribed crosses of concrete and are uniformly laid out.
Most markers are homemade.
Most markers are nonspecific in that various exposures cause the same marker response.
Most markers discriminate well between normal women and patients with postmenopausal osteoporosis.
Most markers facilitate identification.
Most markers provide opportunity.
Most markers provide unique opportunity.
Most markers show clear differentiations.
Most markers show clear genetic differentiations.
Most markers show differentiations.
Most markers show genetic differentiations.
Some markers are better than others.
Some markers are illegible.
Some markers are in poor condition making it impossible to be certain of dates.
Some markers are red.
Some markers are subject to substantial measurement error.
Some markers are used by researchers.
Some markers contain only one name and some are illegible.
Some markers give a brief eulogy for the deceased.
Some markers give information.
Some markers impede development.
Some markers show cell death.
Some markers show death.
Some markers show genetic variability.
Some markers show low genetic variability.
Some markers show low variability.
Some markers show mutation.
Some markers show variability.
Some markers witness distinctive visitation behaviors.
Market access can be difficult for a beginning herb farmer.
Market access can be reciprocal or non-reciprocal.
Market access continues to be a major obstacle to the exports of developing countries.
Market access is a basic element in services.
Market access is a significant issue with Non tariff trade barriers likely in the future.
Market access is a thorny issue between the United States and China.
Market access is certainly a fundamental aspect of such an agreement.
Market access is critical.
Market access is essential in securing a pattern of sustained development.
Market access is essentially a patient issue worldwide.
Market access is free for all companies and the market is completely open for foreign investment.
Market access is particularly critical for the agriculture and agri-food industry in Manitoba.
Market access is the most crucial of all issues.
Market access is therefore uncertain, discouraging long-term investment in export industries.
Market access is very important to agriculture and to our nation's economy in general.
A market analysis is market research
Market analysis can be a tedious, time-consuming task.
Market analysis covers both qualitative and quantitative data.
Market analysis is fundamental.
Market analysis is the foundation of a business sales and financial plans.
Market analysis is used for determining targets for admissions and tracking performance.
Market analysises are marketing research.
Some market analysis is crucial.
Market analysts are analysts.
Market analysts are convinced that the present turmoil is nothing more than industry growing pains.
Market analysts are understandably disappointed.
Market analysts blame the pet sector's troubles in part on an oversupply of well-funded players.
Market analysts expect the downward trend to continue.
Market analysts point to a number of factors driving enterprises' voracious consumption of storage.
Market analysts predict the industry to more than triple in the next few years.
Market analysts predict up to a tenfold expansion in U.S. consumption.
Market analysts remain skeptical, however.
Market analysts say severe weather possibilities are cause for concern.
Market analysts use a variety of methods to get their information to the stockbrokers.
Many market analysts classify convertible securities as a separate asset class.
Most market analysts agree there's more upside potential to corn right now than beans.
Most market analysts see desk-bound computers already heading for the dustbin.
Some market barriers result from monopolistic or oligopolistic practices.
Market base means more than geography.
Market breadth continues to improve dramatically, heralding more gains ahead for the pee-wees.
Market breadth is a key indicator of the overall health of the market.
Market breadth is a prime example, with advances dominating declines.
Market breadth is moot as it has caused no disruption in the averages for years.
Market cap is simply the number of shares outstanding x the price of the stock.
Market cap refers to the worth of a company in the financial markets.
Market cap reflects only the 'equity' value of a company.
Market capitalization is capitalisation
Market capitalization is capitalization.
Market capitalization is how much a company's stock is worth.
Market capitalization is the market value of a company's outstanding stock.
Market capitalization is the product of stock price and number of shares issued by the company.
Market capitalization is the share price times by the number of shares in issue.
Market capitalization is the sum total of the individual values of a company's capital stock.
Market capitalization is the total value of all the securities of a firm.
Market capitalization means the total market value of a company's outstanding common stock.
Market capitalization refers to the total value the market puts on a company.
Market capitalization represents the public opinion of the value of a company's equity.
Market capitalization shows the public opinion of a company's value.
Market capitalizations are small, so share prices tumble when institutional investors bail out.
Every market capitalization range up to that level experienced declines.
Some market centers guarantee immediate automated execution of trades.
Market competition is a dynamic process that produces long-term benefits for the public.
Market competition is a whole different thing.
Market competition is of course a factor, but the real culprit is time.
Market competition is one factor behind the government's willingness to allow more mergers.
Market competition is the discovery of comparative advantages.
Market competition is the natural enemy of cross subsidies.
Market concentration can be a key indicator of competitive pricing.
Market concentration is a useful indicator of the likely potential competitive effect of a merger.
Market concentration is close to zero.
Market concentration is common in information technology.
Market concentration is high, although lower than in Chile.
Market consensus is a dynamic indicator with which to evaluate market activity.
Market corrections are by no means a sure precursor of an economic downturn.
Market corrections can offer investment opportunities, too.
Market data includes VAT and excludes fuel sales.
Market data is adjusted to account for the varying publication dates of the surveys used.
Market data is critical because it is the foundation for all methodologies.
Market data is critical because it is the foundation for all valuation methodologies.
Market data is direct from the exchanges for the fastest quotes available.
Market data is independent of the format it is delivered in.
Market data show that conversion from plywood to osb among builders is irregular.
Market data suggests as much.
All market data is delayed unless otherwise noted.
All market data is factored to the same point in time.
All market data is updated instantly as trades or quotes arrive on the data feed.
A market day is a day
Market day comes every three days for towns and villages in Ghana's Upper East Region.
Market day is a time for renewing acquaintances and for catching up with friends.
Market day is an important day, so the native people are in their most colorful traditional dress.
Market day is every day, but the weekend is special.
Market day is the day every one comes to town.
Market days are another popular event that happen during residential schools.
Market days are days.
Market days are on Sundays.
Market days draws people from all around the vicinity.
Market demand decides it.
Market demand drives the destruction of Canada's and the world's remaining old growth forests.
Market demand is also unclear, and is likely to remain so for some time.
Market demand is another factor.
Market demand is slack at the same time that nets are coming up completely full.
Market demand is sound for high-generation seed potatoes which Canada can supply.
Market demand is stable, but unknown, and depends on the production decisions of the players.
Market demand is stationary over time.
Market demand is the best way to create change.
Market demand is the horizontal sum of the individual market demands.
Market demand is the sum of all the individual demand curves.
Market demand is the sum of the demands of all individuals within the marketplace.
Market demand needs more analysis in terms of urban consolidation.
Market demand represents the preferences of manure buyers.
Market democracies form the core of the U.S. international strength.
Market depth is defined as the number of buyers and sellers within a particular region.
Market development is all about using limited resources wisely.
Market development is one of the major marketing obstacles to overcome.
Market development is small business development.
Market development translates into economic development.
Market developments assist in controlling travel demand.
Market developments demand increasing levels of professionalism.
Market discipline appears far more draconian and less forgiving than twenty or thirty years ago.
Market discipline is a critical element of a competitive financial market.
Market discipline is also more likely to result in better prices for the consumer.
Market discipline is as important for banks as it is for any other business.
Market discipline is built on financial disclosure.
Market discipline is built on information disclosure.
Market discipline is harsh, but that too is a good thing.
Market discipline is needed to contain the moral hazard in deposit insurance.
Market discipline is the first line of defense in maintaining the integrity of our financial system.
Market discipline responds much more quickly and much more harshly than any government regulator.
Market economies are a proven way to organize a large number of individuals into a productive group.
Market economies are best at finding and making use of possibilities for substitution.
Market economies are by their very nature friendly towards communities and eco-systems.
Market economies are dynamic but also disruptive.
Market economies are excellent at setting prices but lousy at recognizing costs.
Market economies are more efficient than command economies.
Market economies are triumphant.
Market economies are, by their very nature, decentralized, flexible, practical and changeable.
Market economies combine the best of both approaches.
Market economies deal quite nicely with limitations on natural resources.
Market economies differ from subsistence economies in their size and motive for production.
Market economies feature a complex interrelationship between different markets and sectors.
Market economies operate to perceived global rules.
Market economies represent the path to prosperity worldwide.
Market economies spur the technological and social progress essential to the Extropian philosophy.
Market economies tend to create two types of opposition.
Market economies tend to flourish in democratic settings.
Market economies thrive on such transactions regardless of their long-term consequences.
Market economies work best when prices accurately reflect the full costs of goods and services.
Market economies work best when the prices accurately reflect the full costs of goods and services.
Market economy determines everything, there is no other value in life.
Market economy is a political choice widely shared within the society.
Market economy is economy
Market economy is economy.
Market economy requires modern enterprise management systems.
Market efficiency is a critical concept in economics and finance.
Market efficiency is a description of how prices in competitive markets respond to new information.
Market efficiency is optimized when report card are widely distributed.
Market entry is open to all comers, including foreign firms.
Market equilibrium is achieved when customer transaction expectations are fulfilled.
Market equilibrium is at the intersection of the supply and demand curves.
Market equilibrium is efficient because it generates the highest possible total market value.
Market equilibrium occurs at the intersection of supply and demand.
Market equilibrium occurs at the intersection of the aggregate demand and supply curves.
Market equilibrium occurs at the intersection of the demand and supply curves.
Market equilibrium occurs when the quantity demanded equals the quantity supplied.
Market equilibrium occurs where quantity demanded equals quantity supplied.
Market equilibrium reflects the way markets allocate scarce resources.
Market equilibrium seems to be prevalent world-wide, for the most part.
Market equilibrium Think of there being only one bank that supplies and demands foreign exchange.
Market failure arises from externalities like ill-defined property, public property, and monopolies.
Market failure exists at an industry level.
Market failure is again evident as some of Zambia's precious wildlife resources are being wiped out.
Market failure is apparent to anyone who wishes to look.
Market failure is definitely possible.
Market failure is the failure of the market system to make economically efficient decisions.
Market failure results when markets depart from perfectly competitive equilibrium.
Market failure yields inefficiency and unfairness.
Market failures abound.
Market failures happen when the market has an effect outside the buyers and sellers.
Market failures provide a ubiquitous argument for intervention of some form or other.
Many market failures result from a lack of information.
Market forces appear to be succeeding where bureaucracy failed.
Market forces are also powerful determinants of environmental performance under some conditions.
Market forces are as likely to drive what happens next as technological advances.
Market forces are clearly behind the push.
Market forces are more reliable and more politically stable than new restrictions.
Market forces are on the march.
Market forces are one inspiration for the changes in hospital design.
Market forces are powerful, and can be so for good.
Market forces are stronger in American higher education than in any other system in the world.
Market forces are usually the major determinant of public sector executive pay.
Market forces can be every bit as arbitrary, impersonal, and destructive as bureaucracies.
Market forces can create, even in the erstwhile Soviet Union, millionaires overnight.
Market forces cause corporate employees to be downsized.
Market forces change, competition ebbs and gains, and the economy fluctuates.
Market forces compel the people who rent, drive and bomb no more than the secular crowd.
Market forces decide which ones get popular.
Market forces demand a computer literate work force.
Market forces demand decisive action.
Market forces demand it.
Market forces determine the level of interest rates.
Market forces determine the price of the lease.
Market forces determine which vessels remain in the fishery and which exit.
Market forces dictate it.
Market forces dictate less overall capital investment.
Market forces drive destruction, and therefore protection of the environment.
Market forces drive health care now more than the rational needs of the population does.
Market forces exist.
Market forces have to be controlled and there are two main mechanisms for doing it.
Market forces impose certain rules before a film can actually get made.
Market forces insure that the various exchange rates are brought into alignment.
Market forces know better.
Market Forces Learn the facts about what's driving changes in the consulting industry.
Market forces make a very short book difficult.
Market forces promise to push it even higher.
Market forces prompt HMOs to cover alternative treatments.
Market forces reflect the underlying supply and demand situations.
Market forces rule It was a clash just waiting to happen.
Market forces sanction unsuitable framework more thoroughly and more quickly than before.
Market forces suggest raising salaries at sites that are hard to staff.
Market forces tend to drive innovation on the industrial side.
Market forces tend to keep supply at a level closely matching demand.
Market forces work very well.
Many market forces contribute to the current enthusiasm for ground freezing.
All market games have a list of players, their strategies, and their payoffs for each strategy.
Market gardens produce a variety of fruits and vegetables for sale.
Market gardeners are keen to take part.
Some market gardeners offer operations.
A market gardening is a gardening
Market gardening continues, although most produce is sent by road.
Market gardening is also significant.
Market growth depends on making NGVs more affordable, and storage costs are the focus of the effort.
Market growth is inhibited by a number of factors.
Market growth is most beneficial but currently corporate welfare is indiscriminate.
Market growth is obviously a numbers game.
Market growth trusts people to make their own decisions.
Market information includes prices, supply and demand data, and market trends.
Market information is ignored.
Market information is obtained utilizing both primary and secondary research methods.
Market information is provided on products ranging from peanuts to livestock slaughter.
Market information is the life-blood of our markets.
Market information represents past performance and is provided to illustrate market trends.
More market information is required, particularly in the area of exports.
Market insiders are agog at the amounts the parties are said to be spending.
Market insiders use fear to generate profits.
Market integration is an obstacle for the full adoption of the new technology.
Market integration is central to both questions.
Market integration occurs through direct competition, vertical, and horizontal ownership.
Market intelligence helps to shape the company strategy.
Market leaders go on power trips all the time.
Market leaders stay ahead of the pack by continually reinventing their business design.
Market leaders stimulate demand.
Market liberals have a cosmopolitan, inclusive vision for society.
Market makers add stability for market that are considered crucial for the economic path.
Market makers are able to use any or all of the ECNs to place bids and offers.
Market makers are also very shrewd cats.
Market makers are brokerage firms that keep an inventory in a particular stock to sell to customers.
Market makers are financial institutions.
Market makers are focused on internal development requirements and rapid time to market.
Market makers are hopeful.
Market Makers are independent dealers that participate for retail and institutional order flow.
Market makers are limited to the size of spread they offer.
Market Makers are people who buy gold in order to sell it for a profit.
Market makers arrange for the sale of new issues of stock.
Market makers can and do profit from the order flow in which they receive.
Market makers can have a major influence on trading.
Market Makers can interact with orders from order-entry firms.
Market makers can trade through the ECNs.
Market Makers claim that they can best set the price for stock.
Market makers compete against one another while trading on their own account and at their own risk.
Market makers have the sole option of accepting the order.
Market makers help to keep prices competitive and the market liquid.
Market makers know about informed traders during high volume periods .
Market makers lose, broker-dealers lose, investors lose and all of the small issuers lose.
Market makers love that futures arbitrage.
Market makers make a profit from the bid-ask spread.
Market makers make money on the difference between the bid price and the ask price.
Market makers perform a two stage round-robin opening.
Market makers receive an economic incentive to quote wide spreads under the current proposal.
Market makers recognize the importance of customer order flow for the success of their business.
Market makers sell stock to the public from their own inventory, marking the price up or down.
Market makers serve almost as brokers.
Market managers to understand limitations.
Market manipulation pinches the pocketbook.
Market Markets are the many firms and institutions that exchange goods and services at a profit.
Market mechanisms act to keep international coal prices low and stable.
Market mechanisms are unable to ensure that the poorest have adequate access to such services.
Market news is published monthly, offering valuable industry information.
Market opportunities emerge faster than traditional bricks and mortar can keep up.
Market opportunities exist for U.S. companies with innovative information technology products.
Market opportunities exist throughout the world.
Market order Is an order for which no price has been specified at order entry.
Market order is order
Market order is order.
Market orders are subject to immediate execution.
Market orders are the most simple form of buy or sell orders.
Market orders are undefined, and carry no guarantee of being filled at a certain price.
Market orders assess a fee, which is used to collectively fund programs to benefit the industry.
Market orders have priority over limit orders.
Market orders have the highest level of priority and get filled first.
Market orders let customers buy or sell at the prevailing market price, whatever it is.
Market orders provide an execution at the current market price.
All market orders are day orders.
All market orders are free.
Market participants anticipate a further hike in cement prices.
Market Participants are accountable for the quality and completeness of their plans.
Market participants are free to fix the rates at which interbank trades are conducted.
Market participants are likely focused on the volatile stock market.
Market participants are worried and buying utilities.
Market participants can solve the benchmark problem by offering synthetic securities.
Market participants can trade physical, financial, and option products.
Market participants communicate confidentially and anonymously through the website's secure network.
Market participants find it difficult to even survive without movement.
Market participants find it easier to conduct business over the Internet .
Market participants have different reactions to similar amenities at different market price levels.
Market participants invest in securities, futures, real estate, and collectibles.
Market participants know there is a change in the business model.
Market participants wait for the trading session to begin.
Many market participants think that profitability is the only important aspect of trading.
Some market participants require documentation.
A market penetration is a penetration
Market penetration is deep, circulating as it does to virtually all North American ski areas.
Market penetration speaks to total available market.
A market place is an activity
Market place affects the firms to adapt to changing consumer desires.
Market place dictates what kind of design can be sold and with what profit.
Market place includes commerical.
Market places are a bourse for the exchange of goods, and information of all kind.
Market places become a repository of important industry content.
Market players are sceptical about the future prospects for new issues.
Market players expect the bourses to remain firm during the coming week also.
Market players form rational beliefs but make mistakes.
Market players hedge their bets.
Some market players worry that the rally in tech stocks means another bubble is forming.
Market populism can seem quite absurd at times.
Every market position is important in the short-term.
Market positioning is only a step to determine how to psychologically position a product.
Market power accrues to the ruthless and the already powerful.
Market power arises in any situation where there is price setting rather than price taking.
Market power can be a mighty effective incentive to suppliers.
Market power can exist even if prices are falling.
Market power is evidence both by higher prices wherever it exists and miserable service.
Market power is measured as the percent of an industry's labor force that is unionized.
Market power is the ability to influence price in the market.
Market power is the capacity to block competition from access to targeted markets.
Market power is the power to determine where resources are allocated.
Market power is, after all, the antithesis of competition.
Market power means monopoly prices.
A market price is a value
Market price includes the land where a home is situated.
Market price is assumed to remain constant over time.
Market price is defined as the most probable sales price.
Market price is determined by supply and demand.
Market price is greater than asking price.
Market price is less than asking price and less than cash costs.
Market price is less than asking price but greater than cash costs.
Market price is less than asking price but greater than total costs.
Market price is the A. true market value.
Market price is usually higher.
Market price is whatever a forest owner agrees to sell their stand of timber for at a given time.
Market price offers a good indication of overall scarcity.
Market prices are at a substantial discount from list prices.
Market prices are central to the market process.
Market prices are conveyors of information.
Market prices are highest for green, turgid produce.
Market prices are market prices, after all.
Market prices are observable.
Market prices are terrible.
Market prices are the only practical method.
Market prices are the quintessential example.
Market prices are the result of continuous changes in the balance of such wagers.
Market prices are the result of supply and demand.
Market prices are whatever buyers and sellers agree on.
Market prices balance the costs and benefits to all parties of producing and consuming.
Market prices bring personal self-interest and the general welfare into harmony.
Market prices can affect production paths, particularly in the short-run.
Market prices can vary significantly.
Market prices change, storms pick up speed, generators fail.
Market prices change.
Market prices communicate information to buyers and sellers.
Market prices coordinate the decisions of buyers and sellers.
Market prices indicate little about biophysical scarcity of resources.
Market prices move based on supply and demand.
Market prices reflect the prices that consumers are willing and able to pay.
Market prices shown are for vintage instruments in excellent condition.
Market prices tend to form seasonal patterns that are repeated year after year.
Market prices tend to move in the opposite direction of cattle numbers.
Market prices vary with plant species and product quality.
Most market prices remain at fairly stable lows.
Market Profiles are available for the U.S. and many international destinations.
Market Profiles track a market's development throughout the day.
Market promotion is part of that.
Market psychology makes stocks more attractive when prices are high and less so when they fall.
Market rates are constantly in a see-saw.
Market regulation is preferable to government regulation.
Market research can also be incomplete.
Market research can also mitigate some of the risks of making very important decisions in a vacuum.
Market research can be a dry topic to teach.
Market research can be a powerful marketing tool.
Market research can be helpful in that it can fine-tune product characteristics.
Market research can be relatively simple to obtain.
Market research can show whether advertising is reaching the customers in an effective way.
Market research continues to be the surest way to keep in touch with consumer buying trends.
Market research defines the business in terms of customer needs and wants.
Market research determines how to obtain the very best position in a crowded marketplace.
Market research does consume time.
Market research finds out who the customers are and asks what the customers want.
Market research has definite value.
Market research helps identify potential customers for a given product or service line.
Market research helps paint a picture of the practice landscape.
Market research identifies the price and quality relationship customers perceive to be important.
Market research indicates that the viewership demands organization.
Market research indicates that they are a rich and untapped market resource for golf.
Market research involves desk and field research.
Market research involves remote areas and language problems.
Market research is a basic tool in corporate marketing.
Market research is a growing industry sector in Canada.
Market research is a way for big companies and advertising agencies to stay in touch with consumers.
Market research is a way of getting an overview of consumers' wants, needs and beliefs.
Market research is about finding truths and dispelling myths.
Market research is also key.
Market research is an ideal adjunct to brand management.
Market research is an important step in the process of developing kitchen goals.
Market research is another way to determine the information needs and wants of end-users.
Market research is another.
Market research is any organized effort to gather information about target markets or customers.
Market research is at the heart of consumer behavior.
Market research is available throughout the Internet.
Market research is available upon request.
Market research is conducted sporadically and unsystematically.
Market research is conducted.
Market research is critical to any product or service.
Market research is crucial to manufacturing units, retail businesses and export houses.
Market research is crucial to the success of any new products or services.
Market research is essential to identify needs and demands.
Market research is everything.
Market research is favorable.
Market research is in many ways a special case.
Market research is just as critical for organic production as for conventional growing.
Market research is just one more way to gather information about the marketplace and consumers.
Market research is needed.
Market research is no different.
Market research is no exception.
Market research is nothing new, of course.
Market research is often the difference between succeeding and failing miserably.
Market research is one of the fastest growing fields in the country.
Market research is one of the key factors used in maintaining competitiveness over competitors .
Market research is ongoing.
Market research is quite a fragmented industry compared with media.
Market research is relatively easy to conduct.
Market research is relevant to everyone and provides a firm basis for decisions.
Market research is required for all purchases over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold.
Market research is research
Market research is supposed to be a systematic activity - orderly and impartial.
Market research is that branch of marketing concerned with finding out why and how.
Market research is the bridge between producer and client and also assists innovation.
Market research is the foundation of the strategic approach.
Market research is the key to understanding what residents want and value.
Market research is the key to weathering the whims of fickle consumers.
Market research is the means to discovery.
Market research is the strategical bedrock of a well placed media campaign.
Market research is undertaken on a continuous basis.
Market research is used in order to determine what type of product to produce.
Market research is well organized and scientifically designed.
Market research minimizes the risk of doing business.
Market research projects large and small.
Market research proves that many soap fans watch shows on both networks.
Market research proves that the longer an individual stays in the store, the more money they spend.
Market research provides businesses with valuable feedback about their customers.
Market research reports relating to low tar cigarettes.
Market research reports with a rolling two years' data.
Market research reports.
Market research requires high quality data.
Market research says crime is hot.
Market research shows only a third of U.S. homes have PCs.
Market research shows people in the U.S. generally move to the right when entering a store.
Market research shows that the real boom in demand for compound semiconductors is imminent.
Market research specializes in applications development.
Market research suggests the market for wireless devices is on the verge of exploding.
All market research is of course a collaborative effort.
All market research is provided by third-party vendors.
More market research needs to be done.
Market risk affects the cost of raising equity.
Market risk arises due to movements in market variables such as interest rates and exchange rates.
Market risk contains two major parts.
Market risk deals with both purchased inputs and sale of farm products.
Market risk exposures.
Market risk is general fluctuations in the economy that can increase or decrease returns on stocks.
Market risk is pretty obvious.
Market risk is reduced by entering into offsetting positions using other financial instruments.
Market risk is set to decrease, especially with regard to foreign exchange and interest rate risk.
Market risk is short-term.
Market risk is the possibility of losing money because of a market deadline.
Market risk is the possibility of losing money because of a market decline.
Market risk is the possibility of loss due to changing market values.
Market risk is the random variability inherent in a farm's production process.
Market risk is the risk contribution of a project to a well-diversified portfolio.
Market risk is the risk of adverse movements in the prices of inputs and products.
Market risk refers to the tendency of a stock to move with the general stock market.
Market risks are there in both cases.
Every market sector is covered extensively with a full chapter of information.
Market segments exist because of information and cost constraints.
Market segments have to drive every business model for programs.
Every market segment is dealt with.
Market segmentation helps a business be more responsive to changing customer needs.
Market segmentation helps to differentiate products for different age groups.
Market segmentation is a natural phenomenon occurring in many services and products.
Market segmentation is a successful strategy.
Market segmentation is both a science and an art.
Market segmentation is defined and evaluated, and market projections by size and value are provided.
Market segmentation is nothing new.
Market segmentation is part of the total strategy based on enhancing relationships with customers.
Market segmentation is the foundation on which all other marketing actions can be based.
Market segmentation is the fundamental of marketing.
Market segmentation is the most effective way to achieve one to one results.
Market segmentation is the name used to define more in-depth market analysis.
Market segmentation matches consumer differences with potential or actual buying behavior.
Market segmentation offers independent publishers several benefits over mass marketing.
Market segmentation reports to profile target consumers and audiences by lifestyle clusters.
Market Sentiment can be a invaluable tool when it comes to picking market turning points.
Market sentiment is a fickle thing.
Market share depends on how the market is defined.
Market share is a fierce battle, and the audience is fragmented.
Market share is a head trip.
Market share is a matter of definition.
Market share is a measurement of unit sales at any given time.
Market share is also an important attribute.
Market share is an abstraction.
Market share is an alien concept to most direct marketers.
Market share is an awesome but fickle force.
Market share is another contentious issue between the companies.
Market share is bought one way or the other, through aggressive discounts or increase in services.
Market share is critical.
Market share is difficult to attain, and even more difficult to keep.
Market share is far harder to regain than lose.
Market share is important for long term stability of any business.
Market share is important.
Market share is increasingly the critical variable in the economics of the server business.
Market share is never a given.
Market share is of interest to everyone in business.
Market share is on the rise.
Market share is particularly important in the software industry because of increasing returns.
Market share is provided for unit shipments and revenue by technologies and form factors.
Market share is quantified and analyzed.
Market share is represented by a grid.
Market share is still far below past levels, and developer support has just begun to turn favorable.
Market share is that portion of an overall market segment's potential by a specific retailer.
Market share is the goal.
Market share is the last factor.
Market share is the measure being used in both cases to define fairness.
Market share is the percent share in sales one company controls in a particular market.
Market share is the percentage of each county's total taxable consumer retail sales.
Market share is under pressure.
Market share take huge nose dive.
Market share tends to stabilise.
Market shares are broadly similar on either a European or a world-wide basis.
Market shares continue to change as result of dissimilar regional growth.
Market shares supplied by the companies tend to reflect their share of a portion of the industry.
Market size appears to have no connection to whether stations are attracting web site visitors.
Market size determines brands.
Market size has nothing to do with our business.
Market size has to do with the current demand for our services.
Market size is sometimes a barrier to the commercialization of technology.
Market size is very small.
Market size is world-wide.
Market society is the outcome of an economic machine that they liken to clockwork.
Market speculation is rife about who they are likely to be.
Market squid are harvested for human consumption and as bait in recreational fisheries.
Market stability is accomplished through uniform prices and continuous supply.
Market stall hire.
Market stalls offer quantities of dates and pomegranates.
Market stalls sell smoked fish all year round.
Market stalls start to Pack away.
Market stalls tend to take cash only.
Market Strategies Write down the marketing and promotion strategies that are under consideration.
Market strategy encompasses customer perception of the relationship between price and quality.
Market strategy uses promotion and advertisement, which means persuasion.
Market street is right off the main road.
Market structure combines an order-driven auction function with market making.
Market structure is different but capitalization is too.
Market structure is outlined and hidden facts about market psychology and how it works are revealed.
Market structure refers to, among other things, the degree of competition in the industry.
Market studies demonstrate that CPAs are the most trusted advisers to small businesses.
Market studies indicate that food drying applications are the strongest near term opportunity.
Market studies show a decline in certain job fields.
Market studies show that adults learn and retain best through an interchange of information.
Market study is needed in restructuring process.
Market surveillance is carried out by relevant inspection.
Market surveillance is carried out by the relevant Slovenian governmental inspection bodies.
Market surveys determine rates paid by competitors for similar jobs.
Market surveys prove audience existence, size.
Market surveys show that homosexuals, on average, have higher incomes than the average household.
Market surveys show that people are turned off by obvious associations with organized religion.
Market surveys show that sales of roller-skates are steadily rising in Beijing.
Market system involves economic exploitation and corruption in an essential way.
Market testing is an important instrument and an integral part of performance management.
Market time is based on many variables.
Market time varies from area to area.
Market times are somewhat longer.
Market timing is a dangerous and elusive chimera.
Market timing is a loser's game.
Market timing is a misplaced game.
Market timing is a real bugaboo around here.
Market timing is avoided.
Market timing is controversial, but there is nothing wrong with it per se.
Market timing is darned near impossible.
Market timing is especially easy to do with mutual funds.
Market timing is everything.
Market timing is no more effective in a bear market than at any other time.
Market timing is one of the more controversial aspects of investing.
Market timing is practiced by many but is done well by only a few.
Market timing is risky for investors who try to do it themselves.
Market timing is superior to buy and hold even if the total gain is exactly the same or less.
Market timing is used to capture short-term swings.
Market timing is very difficult to do successfully, even for the pros.
Market timing is, in reality, futile for the majority who attempt it due to faulty methodologies.
Market timing is, in reality, futile for the majority who attempt it.
A market town is a town
Market towns are now critical in the hierarchy of settlements within the countryside.
Market towns lobby for more aid New proposals are being put forward to regenerate market towns.
Most market traders classify themselves as either technicians or fundamentalists.
Market transformation can take many different forms.
Market transformation goes beyond simply considering the energy efficiency of new products.
Market transformation requires the organization to transform itself.
Market trend is as important as pricing.
Market trends are no different.
Market trends are the least expensive aspect of the marketplace to study.
Market trends are the upward or downward movement of a market, during a period of time.
Market trends are tough.
Market trends indicate that it is now one of the most desired.
Market trends show a growing market for socially responsible businesses and products.
Market trends show a rapidly increasing worldwide demand for high-quality seedless watermelon.
All market trends continue to excess, whether above or below stock value.
A market value is a value
Market value can change for many reasons.
Market value comes from bundling.
Market value declines because there are fewer buyers for rural practices.
Market value differs from investment value.
Market value includes all share classes.
Market value includes both auction and forsale prices, given are hi, low and average values.
Market value is a concept that refers to the external value of a property.
Market value is a product of the price paid for the property.
Market value is an appraisal issue.
Market value is as at the end of year in Tokyo.
Market value is based on finding similar properties that have sold recently.
Market value is based on the age-old law of supply and demand.
Market value is based upon what a buyer has actually paid for a property.
Market value is determined by analyzing recent sales of comparable properties.
Market value is determined by the activity in the real estate market and the general economy.
Market value is determined by the age, edition, supply and demand of the book.
Market value is determined by the interaction between buyers and sellers in the market.
Market value is determined by the interaction between buyers and sellers.
Market value is determined by the sale and purchase of properties in a county.
Market value is determined by the supply and demand for housing in the area.
Market value is determined by the vehicle s purchase price adjusted over time for depreciation.
Market value is driven by previous sales.
Market value is independent of asset cost or depreciation taken to date.
Market value is influenced by the type of change which is occurring at any particular time.
Market value is now double that.
Market value is that value about which sales prices fluctuate and towards which they gravitate.
Market value is the company's stock price times the number of outstanding shares.
Market value is the determining factor on deciding which properties are reappraised.
Market value is the most often estimated.
Market value is the most probable selling price of a property in an open market transaction.
Market value is the norm in the industry.
Market value is the stock price times the shares outstanding.
Market value is usually more than assessed value.
Market value reflects the chief executive's holdings in the company.
Market value See fair market value .
Market values are essential in so far as they ensure efficiency.
Market values are values.
Market values are wholly inadequate for society.
Market values can be very volatile.
Market values can diverge from intrinsic values.
Market values increase more in some neighborhoods than in others.
Market values permeate our society.
Market volatility can mean great buying opportunities.
Market volatility can significantly impact short-term performance.
Market volatility declines.
Market volatility increases.
Market volatility is a condition equity investors, particularly, learn to live with over time.
Market volatility is one of the few certainties in the capital markets-it is inevitable.
Market volatility is only part of the story.
Market volatility is real, but difficult to predict and prevent.
Market volatility is something no one can predict.
Market volatility keeps getting worse all of the time.
Market volatility stays high.
Market weeks are trading periods observed by tribes that have developed a regular trade.
A market is an activity
Market analyses Demand a large number productions and the market has a wide prospect.
Market analyses for numerous energy companies developing distributed generations businesses.
Market analyses, media characteristics, sources of media data.
Market appears to be range bound in the coming few sessions.
Market argues that it was only two half gallons out of the whole store.
Market based air pollution trading is well established.
Market based transactions are short term in nature between highly autonomous agents.
Market bears take heart from large ending stocks.
Market calms before the storm.
Market calves in average flesh.
Market calves with average fill.
Market can be volatile.
Market can create financial and political stress points.
Market caps change daily, as long as there is a change in stock price.
Market challenges for developing countries.
Market changes The first thinning is at about eight years of age.
Market closes when items are sold out - so come early.
Market continues to demonstrate faith in the Internet, but cautiously.
Market corrections up or down usually retrace a significant portion of the previous trend.
Market crashes repeatedly test new technologies.
Market data vendor upgrades to their users are still in the stages of planning and installation.
Market demands clearly show that speech technology is a requirement for next-generation devices.
Market determines whether a variety is produced.
Market disappear Side on dinner since many big air however can to no parents.
Market disses the black turtleneck crowd.
Market driven opportunities are ideal in many regards because they come directly from the market.
Market driven trends include lower price and shorter development cycles.
Market eagerly accepts everything which is appropriate for dealing and lets things make sense.
Market eggs daily.
Market facing, internal organisational and finance handling changes have to be integrated.
Market facts key to avoiding frustration.
Market favors small spaces.
Market features gift baskets, jams, jellies and specialty treats.
Market focuses more on consumer of late, unlike earlier when it was more on the seller.
Market forces foster diversity, allowing for multiple approaches to be developed simultaneously.
Market forces more than societal needs drive the corporate philosophy.
Market forecasts detail segments by switch size and by geographical region.
Market greens with mixed fresh herbs .
Market grow, journ.
Market guides for non-fiction writers, subscription required.
Market has a vision of Internet commerce.
Market hogs on farms, number . . . . . . . . .
Market hunting by commercial poachers is alive and doing very well in America today.
Market incentives One promising strategy is to harness market forces.
Market includes in-store chain accounts, bakery distributors and wholesale bakeries.
Market includes merchandise display, art furniture, and sculpture.
Market includes semi conductor, electronics, and optics industries.
Market includes small-scale builders in developing countries.
Market includes wood and paper industries.
Market Indexes How to calculate 'em.
Market indices Indicators for stock, bond, futures, and options markets.
Market interrelationships, exchange, production, reproduction, as social processes.
Market is always ready with gift solutions for all occasions.
Market is competitive .
Market is distributed.
Market is due for a more sustained correction or consolidation.
Market is established for each class of property with the exception of agricultural land.
Market is extreme and demanding.
Market is extremely volatile-book now for spring.
Market is Fantastic and growing each day.
Market is fantastic and growing everyday.
Market is fat .
Market is filled up very tight.
Market is flooded with fast Net choices.
Market is geared to the new marketing eager beavers.
Market is in an open-air shed.
Market is in breakout mode - poised for a potential larger move.
Market is in lower lot.
Market is in overall trading range and tested the lower end of the range.
Market is largely untapped.
Market is located on right.
Market is mainly home and auto products.
Market is mile on the right.
Market is mixed.
Market is never a one-way street.
Market is on left.
Market is on playground.
Market is on right.
Market is on the corner of Church and Moss Streets.
Market is on the left.
Market is one mile on the right, across from the sheriff's office.
Market is open to all participating members.
Market is parallel to Walnut.
Market is remodeled and updated further.
Market is simply what a willing buyer is prepared to pay a willing seller.
Market is so big it almost defies our ability to measure it.
Market is strong.
Market is Sydney-wide, western suburbs particularly.
Market is the biggest motive for improvement.
Market is the mother of all business.
Market is the oldest and the largest financial market in the world.
Market is thin .
Market is way overbought and is ready for a pullback to rest and consolidate.
Market isa activity.
Market lambs either as feeders or finished lambs when they reach appropriate size and weight.
Market lasts through fall growing season.
Market launch The implementation of a comprehensive marketing plan.
Market lend below no patience hence met chinese fairy tale.
Market lend below no patience hence met sir charles.
Market list main page.
Market Listed below is one credit insurance market.
Market looks good.
Market means survival.
Market models auctions, bargaining, bidding, selling, etc.
Market needs and importer requirements vary considerably among and within importing countries.
Market needs to be unlocked.
Market needs to know and use it.
Market normally means replacement cost.
Market observations the result of the interaction of supply and demand.
Market offers specialty foods, gourmet meals and pastries to go.
Market opportunities Japan is the largest and most significant overseas market for burdock.
Market orders A market order is an instruction to buy or sell at the best possible price.
Market Pay The alignment of internal employees' compensation to the external market.
Market pieces through internet, educational mailings, conventions, etc.
Market plays a pivotal role in an enterprise's development.
Market positioning and venturing out on a new creative endeavor can be very challenging.
Market pressures aside, there is also the inexorable nature of rising dough.
Market prices up, but without dry weather expect a pull back.
Market processes simply express the intersection of diverse tastes and scarce talents.
Market produce from farming operation.
Market profiles on import and domestic collector vehicles.
Market pushes above last swing high but fails to hold gains.
Market quotes for both commodities and stocks.
Market quotes, with a focus on grain futures.
Market ranking systems usually reside on personal computers.
Market reach now means the world on the Internet.
Market realize between several fever as pay table tennis balls.
Market regulars, of course, worry about any alteration to the institution they love.
Market remains firm.
Market remains open.
Market Reports .
Market reports and business news.
Market reports and custom market research .
Market reports and economic research are also available.
Market reports and industry statistics.
Market reports and services.
Market reports and statistics.
Market reports and weeklies that are tied to critical dates.
Market reports china.
Market Reports for UK industrial and consumer products.
Market Reports Select a ticker display.
Market Reports Several universities provide market reports.
Market Reports with useful updated statistics, consumer data and company information.
Market reports, comments and forecasts, and technical articles.
Market reports, commercial publications, and the like.
Market reports, commercial publications.
Market reports, cotton statistics, brokers information are also present at the site.
Market reports, fiction, contests, and more.
Market reports, news and weather, national and local business or ag resources and more.
Market represents the market consensus estimate for each indicator.
Market results annually.
Market returns for currencies or stocks tend to be slightly leptokurtic.
Market returns over one's working lifetime really count.
Market revs up telemetry applications.
Market rises above contract.
Market Sells health and nutrition related products, organic food, supplements, vitamins and more.
Market sells other produce.
Market share hangs in the balance, as do the loyalties of fickle consumers.
Market shares eight portions.
Market showcases some great jazz music.
Market still relates to supply and demand.
Market studies Market studies for various business sectors also contain lists of importers.
Market tanks again as inflationary ghosts haunt investors.
Market test a number of non-statistical activities to identify possible outsourcing opportunities.
Market then rallies.
Market tomatoes, cucumbers, beans, peas, corn, squashes and pumpkins.
Market treat out no patience hence lend chicken soup for soul.
Market treat out no patience hence lend embrace of the vampire.
Market treat out no patience hence lend military science books.
Market treat out no patience hence lend oprah whinfrey.
Market treat out no patience hence lend world war one letters.
Market wants to be bullish.
Market Watch Take advantage of our quarterly newsletter for timely advice and articles of interest.
Market woes Taiwan's stock exchange has become a major economic concern.
Market work onto a blood how burst faber castell.
Market worry despite several cheese yet told Tampa bay buccaneers cap.
Market worry despite several cheese yet told tampa bay buccaneers hats.
Markets activate every place in which they occur.
Markets adjust quickly to new information.
Markets affect income distribution.
Markets allocate goods and services.
Markets allow for both collaboration and privacy.
Markets already exist for organic residuals.
Markets also allow people with new ideas to test their hypotheses.
Markets also embody, often in a desirable way, the values held by our society.
Markets also have a long history and memory as well, especially from a large commercial aspect.
Markets also require information if they are to function.
Markets also respond to the lack of incentives for improvement.
Markets also transcend every other distinction humans make in describing their interactions.
Markets also undermine the environment.
Markets also vary by hauler.
Markets anticipate the future.
Markets appeal widely.
Markets appear to be taking the opportunity to test the downside again.
Markets appear to careen about, recklessly and utterly without coherence.
Markets appear to have adopted a glass half-full view of the recent election outcome.
Markets appear to react to the recognition of such investment or performance by the authorities.
Markets are a big factor.
Markets are a favorite.
Markets are a key indicator of economic health.
Markets are a large part of it.
Markets are a less expensive option for meals and usually sell handicrafts from around the country.
Markets are a major potential source of infection from food and water-borne diseases.
Markets are a natural outgrowth of human civilization.
Markets are a source of beef, pork or goat for the local population.
Markets are about trust, which can be restored only if there are real changes in the economy.
Markets are activities.
Markets are also a great place to sample the culture of a city.
Markets are always systems of economic transaction as well as of symbolic exchange.
Markets are always the best place to buy fruit.
Markets are among the most complex systems ever studied.
Markets are among the oldest social institutions known to man.
Markets are amoral.
Markets are an effective institution in coordinating the activities of several entities.
Markets are an excellent foundation from which to encourage energy efficiency.
Markets are an exercise in sensory overload.
Markets are an image of the world.
Markets are an important component of the marketing chain from farm level to consumer.
Markets are an integral part of the trade structure for wildlife medicinals in most countries.
Markets are are always at their best very early in the morning.
Markets are as much about people as they are about food.
Markets are at the center of voice data market convergence.
Markets are at their most impatient in living history.
Markets are at their most vulnerable when their sense of self-belief is strongest.
Markets are available for all forest products.
Markets are basically stable.
Markets are becomingly increasingly sceptical about such claims.
Markets are best for local products and bargaining is necessary.
Markets are best for local products.
Markets are bigger than ever, and prices are lower than ever before.
Markets are both efficient and forecastable.
Markets are brilliant.
Markets are but one mechanism for trading resources.
Markets are by nature full of failed ventures as well as successful ones.
Markets are capable of target audiences.
Markets are central institutions of a modern society.
Markets are central to the workings of our economies.
Markets are certainly global.
Markets are chaotic systems, and chaotic systems always have more than one solution.
Markets are classes.
Markets are clearly a very good thing.
Markets are close for shopping.
Markets are closed today.
Markets are closed, and it is very difficult to get some things much needed.
Markets are complex.
Markets are conversations - literally people talking.
Markets are conversations .
Markets are conversations, and nobody wants to be the listener all the time.
Markets are conversations, whether they consist of one person or ten million people.
Markets are conversations.
Markets are currently very soft.
Markets are cyclical.
Markets are different, but marketing is universal and applicable to a job in any part of the world.
Markets are different, but the marketing discipline is universal.
Markets are different.
Markets are disco, it turns out.
Markets are diverse and include Europe, Malaysia, Russia, Brazil and Venezuela.
Markets are divided according to diseases.
Markets are dull at Trinidad.
Markets are dynamic systems, that are constantly effected by the actions of the market players.
Markets are dynamic, distant, and often mysterious to women producers.
Markets are dynamic.
Markets are eager for a cure to the overcapacity problems caused by the telecoms slowdown.
Markets are efficient because prices contain so little information.
Markets are efficient.
Markets are empty and there is no fuel.
Markets are environments.
Markets are extremely diverse.
Markets are extremely nervous.
Markets are farm stand, farmers market, and health food stores.
Markets are finite and the world is a competitive place.
Markets are France, Germany and Japan.
Markets are full of many kinds of foodstuffs.
Markets are generally well supplied and prices remain mostly stable.
Markets are generally well supplied but cereal prices are high.
Markets are generally well supplied.
Markets are global, while governments remain local.
Markets are global.
Markets are good for some things and bad for others.
Markets are good place to take pictures of people.
Markets are highly efficient.
Markets are impatient.
Markets are important.
Markets are in Europe, Latin America, and Asia.
Markets are in for a period of considerable uncertainty.
Markets are increasingly global.
Markets are industries.
Markets are inherently about multiple buyers and suppliers.
Markets are interesting places to visit in any town or city.
Markets are international.
Markets are Italy, Germany, France, Spain and Asia.
Markets are likely to go sideways from here, forming the long-awaited bottom.
Markets are likely to remain volatile amid the uncertainties over the economy and political events.
Markets are likely to remain volatile.
Markets are limited.
Markets are located in cities.
Markets are located in rural areas.
Markets are located in supermarkets.
Markets are located in towns.
Markets are located in villages.
Markets are locations.
Markets are mainly the Americas, Middle East and Europe.
Markets are markets.
Markets are markets.
Markets are men's business, from very young boys to very old codgers.
Markets are meritocracies where good products win, be they mouse traps or operating systems.
Markets are more about demand than supply.
Markets are more accessible, which makes easy prey easier to find.
Markets are more crowded than ever.
Markets are more open to a bit of friendly haggling.
Markets are more segmented.
Markets are more than battlefields.
Markets are mostly neither open nor competitive.
Markets are much bigger than any individual.
Markets are much more fluid and open.
Markets are neither the first nor the last word in human development . . . .
Markets are neither the first nor the last word in human development.
Markets are never that predictable.
Markets are never wrong, opinions often are.
Markets are no longer local.
Markets are no substitute for the democratic process.
Markets are now global.
Markets are now more efficient and large caps are well understood and continuously analyzed.
Markets are now more valuable than territory, information more powerful than military hardware.
Markets are oblivious to morals and promote only the value of profit.
Markets are oblivious to morals.
Markets are often local stores or cooperatives.
Markets are perfectly efficient.
Markets are perverse creatures.
Markets are places where perceptions of value are matched to create trade.
Markets are places.
Markets are possibly the clearest way to gain a true perspective of the lifestyle of any country.
Markets are powerful - for good and for ill.
Markets are powerful incentives for innovation.
Markets are powerful tools which play an important role in protecting consumers and producers.
Markets are precisely the type of discipline that water management in the West needs.
Markets are predominantly in Canada.
Markets are primarily the automotive, wine and canning industries.
Markets are provably chaotic.
Markets are purely instrumental means for the efficient allocation of resources.
Markets are remarkably efficient.
Markets are risky.
Markets are sets of products purchased by a common set of online consumers.
Markets are simple.
Markets are simply better able than bureaucrats to meet specific environmental goals.
Markets are simply one means of achieving that goal.
Markets are smart, regulations are dumb.
Markets are so much more influential now in the world than they've ever been before.
Markets are stable and strong.
Markets are sticky.
Markets are still a little too similar.
Markets are the arenas in which the unknown, risk, is converted to certainty, return.
Markets are the key issue for technological entrepreneurs.
Markets are the means.
Markets are the most effective means of meeting consumers needs and maintaining a robust economy.
Markets are the most effective means of meeting consumers' needs and maintaining a robust economy.
Markets are the primary means of economic interaction among the earth's inhabitants.
Markets are the result of interaction between supply and demand.
Markets are the right choice.
Markets are the same because they always change.
Markets are tight, fraud is running wild, and companies are struggling to give agents markets.
Markets are tools.
Markets are undeniably very powerful tools to create wealth, and they have served the world well.
Markets are used for exchangings.
Markets are used for shopping.
Markets are used for trading.
Markets are usually a good way to organize economic activity.
Markets are usually good for the organisation of economic life.
Markets are usually static.
Markets are very effective at allocating resources efficiently.
Markets are very efficient in allocating most goods, services and investments.
Markets are very encouraging here in Western Australia.
Markets are very erratic.
Markets are vitally important in the fruit business.
Markets are volatile and fast changes of price level can and do occur.
Markets are well supplied and prices of cereals are affordable.
Markets are well supplied and prices of cereals are low.
Markets are well supplied and prices of cereals declined substantially following harvest.
Markets are well supplied and prices of cereals remain generally stable.
Markets are well supplied and prices of local millet and sorghum are lower than previous years.
Markets are well supplied and prices remain generally stable.
Markets are well supplied and prices remain mostly stable.
Markets are well supplied and the price of rice is stable.
Markets are well supplied both in urban and rural areas.
Markets are well supplied.
Markets are well supplies both in urban and rural areas.
Markets are where they are for a reason.
Markets are worldwide.
Markets are, in fact, inherently stable.
Markets attract gamblers.
Markets automatically tend toward such cost-minimizing solutions.
Markets award winning graphics, writing, programming, and branding skills.
Markets become forces.
Markets become stressed and undergo significant value shifts over short periods of time.
Markets benefit in the form of increased trading and greater liquidity.
Markets boom during the holiday season with the sale of wreaths, garland, and swags.
Markets bring together people and products from around the world.
Markets bring together people sharing similar challenges.
Markets can also drop too far, too fast, and become oversold.
Markets can and do drop in value.
Markets can be efficient even if investors are subject to overconfidence and errors in judgement.
Markets can be self-correcting.
Markets can be substitutes for government regulation.
Markets can charge more and deliver less.
Markets can come to be monopolised as a result of restrictive agreements or company mergers.
Markets can easily overshoot.
Markets can either move up, move down, or drift sideways.
Markets can explode within months.
Markets can fail and non-market mechanisms can then be useful.
Markets can go down as well as up during any given time.
Markets can include food coops in the larger cities and university towns.
Markets can only measure access and quality by market calculus.
Markets can promote the public interest when they are properly designed.
Markets can temporarily break down.
Markets can then determine the price and handle the allocation of the resource.
Markets can undergo double bottoms as well.
Markets can work well and sometimes fail to work well.
Markets carry a greater risk because the mixing of animals and people is less easily controlled.
Markets certainly are things of beauty.
Markets change constantly.
Markets change over time.
Markets change rapidly today and companies regularly change hands or exchange corporate cultures.
Markets change rapidly, sometimes week to week.
Markets change very rapidly demanding embedded system solutions that are easily alterable.
Markets change very rapidly, demanding embedded system solutions that are easily alterable.
Markets change, inflation rises, and recessions are a fact of life.
Markets change, laws change.
Markets change, portfolio managers come and go, and investors' needs evolve.
Markets come and go.
Markets consist of both buyers and sellers, customers and competitive suppliers.
Markets consist of maid services.
Markets consist of people with money to spend.
Markets consist of people.
Markets consist of services.
Markets consistently shape patterns involving whole number logic.
Markets constantly chase continually moving equilibrium positions.
Markets continually expand and shrink.
Markets continue to change at an accelerating pace.
Markets continue to do a good job of allocating resources, including farmland.
Markets continues to be one of the most popular features on the site.
Markets control the amount and type of silvicultural activities carried out in any one year.
Markets coordinate interactions, as does customary law.
Markets correct, though.
Markets cover India and other South East Asian countries.
Markets cover Singapore and other South East Asia countries.
Markets covered include auto repair shops to art galleries to mortuaries.
Markets covered include electricity, natural gas, coal and emissions.
Markets covered include local single-family, multifamily, office, retail and industrial real estate.
Markets covered include Poland, the Baltic Republics, the Czech Republic, Hungary and the Ukraine.
Markets currently exist for composted layer manure.
Markets curtains for the poultry, swine and dairy industries.
Markets deal out failure too, of course.
Markets define themselves.
Markets deliver growth.
Markets determine environmental outcomes.
Markets determine outcomes.
Markets develop on their own.
Markets develop products to satisfy people's tastes or needs according to their ability to pay.
Markets differ of course in more ways than size and general level.
Markets differ widely in their structure, from competitive to unserved.
Markets do have a way of sorting themselves out.
Markets do react to the waves in the earth's electric field, as manipulated by the planets.
Markets do work.
Markets don t move in a one way street all the time.
Markets drive investments.
Markets drive other markets.
Markets drive toward narrow efficiency.
Markets DTIC to prospective employment sources.
Markets echo similar patterns over and over again.
Markets encompass a broad array of consumers and constituents.
Markets enlarge and globalize.
Markets ensure transparency and certainty of payment.
Markets equal the mafia.
Markets exist also for bankers acceptances and bundles of loans.
Markets exist for a half-shell product in upscale restaurants.
Markets exist for organically produced milk, meat, eggs and vegetables.
Markets exist in all cultures.
Markets exist in Michigan for organically produced cherries, apples and pears, among other crops.
Markets exist in three distinct faces.
Markets exist that specialize in providing excess over the retained limits.
Markets exist when buyers and sellers interact.
Markets expand and contract endlessly.
Markets expand and products segment along the lines of functionality, customer intimacy and cost.
Markets extend their rise.
Markets fail because they only provide information in the form of a price which is simply a number.
Markets fail to capture most ecosystem service values.
Markets fail to provide some goods or services efficiently or in sufficient quantities for society.
Markets fall faster than they rise and with less warning.
Markets feature goods.
Markets feed markets.
Markets fill many needs.
Markets find excuses to go in the direction they want to.
Markets find prices or express values through people expressing their desires or appetites.
Markets find their bottoms long before the ending year.
Markets flourish efficiently because information flows freely.
Markets fluctuate and so do values.
Markets fluctuate constantly.
Markets fluctuate,next question.
Markets focus on areas.
Markets function most smoothly when full information is shared.
Markets generate gold that is gathered by tax collectors and brought to the castle.
Markets generate growth but also dislocations.
Markets get more efficient.
Markets go down as easily as they go up.
Markets go down as well as up, to be sure.
Markets go to extremes.
Markets go up and down and trends take off, stall and fall.
Markets go up and down based on various factors.
Markets go up and down in cycles which have a wave-like motion.
Markets go up and down.
Markets go up and markets go down.
Markets go up, and markets go down. . . .
Markets go up, and markets go down.
Markets go up, but they also, frequently, go down.
Markets go up, markets go down, and that s the nature of the beast.
Markets grow continuously and the trend towards internationalisation is unbroken.
Markets grow from the bottom up.
Markets harbor no fools, because the punishment is exacting and unusually swift.
Markets has a brief summary of the day s action and news stories.
Markets hate that kind of uncertainty. . . .
Markets hate transitions.
Markets hate uncertainty and there's nothing but uncertainty now.
Markets hate uncertainty.
Markets hate unpredictability.
Markets have (part) business activities.
Markets have a history of highs and lows.
Markets have a tendency of reaching an overall judgment and applying it across the board.
Markets have a tendency to overreact on the upside and the downside.
Markets have characteristics.
Markets have deficiencies that can be corrected only by government action.
Markets have difficulty in dealing with rapid technological change.
Markets have levels.
Markets have long memories.
Markets have niches.
Markets have no loyalty except to the lowest price, highest quality and fastest delivery times.
Markets have protocols.
Markets have their dark side as well.
Markets have to be found and established.
Markets have to create relationships with their consumers as well.
Markets have to reflect the full cost of goods and services.
Markets here are a paradigm misfit.
Markets hold steady, though.
Markets include sales.
Markets increasingly require meat from quickly grown stock.
Markets inevitably lead to over-exploitation and international markets are the worst of all.
Markets institute a sort of qualified democracy in which one dollar is one vote.
Markets just hate uncertainty.
Markets last for years.
Markets lead to prosperity, free choice and are peaceful.
Markets learn faster than corporations.
Markets make better decisions than bureaucrats or middle managers.
Markets move between bull and bear phases.
Markets move from squeezes to squeezes.
Markets move in cycles.
Markets never go in one direction forever.
Markets never go up in straight line.
Markets now have come back, interest rates are a lot lower.
Markets offer a chance to observe the locals buying and selling.
Markets offer an efficient mechanism for such workflow scheduling.
Markets offer growth potential.
Markets offer high growth potential.
Markets offer high potential.
Markets offer job opportunity.
Markets offer opportunity.
Markets offer potential.
Markets offer types.
Markets offer wide varieties of fruit.
Markets operate best in an environment of legal certainty.
Markets operate on daylight savings time part of the year.
Markets operate under uncertainty.
Markets Pay For Taking Risk.
Markets peak when good news is at a maximum and bottom when bad news is pervasive.
Markets perform better when an incumbent party retains power and worse when it s ousted.
Markets perform the same function in the economy.
Markets periodically experience manias and panics that are accompanied by extreme price movements.
Markets plow onward despite a snow storm along the East Coast.
Markets profiles Mexico's regional markets and industrial locations.
Markets promote growth.
Markets promote hair growth.
Markets provide a natural mechanism for scheduling tasks and allocating resources.
Markets provide conditions.
Markets provide coverage.
Markets provide economic opportunity.
Markets provide excellent market opportunity.
Markets provide excellent opportunity.
Markets provide great pictures and let journalists highlight some sprouting consumer issues.
Markets provide ideal conditions.
Markets provide market opportunity.
Markets provide opportunity.
Markets react in two ways to acquisitions or mergers.
Markets reflect available information.
Markets reflect cost.
Markets reflect true cost.
Markets regularly skyrocket, and then plummet, with seemingly little rhyme or reason.
Markets remain fragmented, and there are still many internal barriers, both informal and formal.
Markets remain largely closed.
Markets remain well supplied and prices are stable.
Markets remain well supplied countrywide and prices are stable.
Markets report For market information, click here .
Markets represent alternatives.
Markets require a bulb large enough to be held and peeled easily.
Markets require a specific set of conditions to operate smoothly and efficiently.
Markets require supply AND demand.
Markets require that baitfish and feeder fish remain small.
Markets respond to below equilibrium prices by adjusting the price upward.
Markets respond to changes with changes of their own.
Markets result in events.
Markets reward civility because people prefer to deal with courteous partners and suppliers.
Markets rise and fall together.
Markets rise two-thirds of the time.
Markets rise, markets fall, life goes on.
Markets run in cycles.
Markets search for equilibrium.
Markets see only efficiency.
Markets see products.
Markets seem to emerge and disappear overnight.
Markets seesaw like rollicking North Atlantic tempest.
Markets sell dried noodles and 'men-tsuyu', or instant noodle broth, to make home preparation easy.
Markets sell spices and basmati rice in bulk.
Markets send price signals that heavily influence how business gets conducted.
Markets serve local, regional, national, or global regions.
Markets served by RMC railroads include coal, copper, grain, clay, lumber, and chemicals.
Markets shape the distribution of power, policy choices and the institutions of governance.
Markets shift, people find other jobs and clients discover other vendors.
Markets show growth.
Markets soar and plunge on the uncertainty of global economics and politics.
Markets soar to all time highs, and the cost of goods and services drops because of the new demand.
Markets survey to non-participants.
Markets tend to follow momentum and do, of course, overshoot.
Markets tend to go to extremes.
Markets tend to open the same time but have more flexible closing hours.
Markets tend to operate in spite of differences in ideology.
Markets tend to overreact.
Markets tend to return to the mean over time.
Markets tend to thrive in a war economy.
Markets tend toward balance between supply and demand and imbalance between supply and demand.
Markets -There are several excellent markets in Amsterdam.
Markets thrive throughout the province and are the centre of life in towns and villages.
Markets thrive under globalization.
Markets trade continuously i.e. there are no sudden jumps in prices .
Markets trend in three directions, up, down and sideways.
Markets tumble and computers crash.
Markets turn on a dime, bull to bear without much warning.
Markets turn on a dime.
Markets typically respond more dramatically to bad news than they do to good news.
Markets update Our daily roundup of selected business continuity related shares.
Markets use the price to ration scarce commodities.
Markets vanish, currencies fail, governments fall, and unemployment and the misery of the poor grow.
Markets vary in terms of prices, growth rates, competition, and other factors.
Markets vary on required tolerance levels.
Markets waste management and related environmental technologies developed by government researchers.
Markets work because entrepreneurs spot opportunities to get rich.
Markets work because marginal consumers exercise rigorous judgements about quality.
Markets work because they are a means of aggregating local knowledge at very low cost.
Markets work best if boh sides of an exchange have the same info, fresh and accurate.
Markets work best when exchange transactions can be arranged and carried through at low cost.
Markets work best when there is a free flow of information.
Markets work by receiving, processing and refining information in a never-ending cycle.
Markets work effectively by rewarding the lowest-cost producers of products that consumers prefer.
Markets work fast.
Markets work on information.
Markets work that way.
Markets work well for consumers when fair-dealing businesses are in vigorous competition for custom.
Markets work well when prices reflect buyers' utilities for goods and services.
Markets work when they work.
Markets always come back.
Markets always go down faster than they go up.
Markets always have two solutions.
Markets always overdo enthusiasm and now they are overdoing the gloom.
Markets always respond to products presented in an attractive manner.
Markets always tend to be unstable on the way down.
Markets often exhibit a strong tendency to fill price gaps.
Markets often fail exhibiting chaotic behavior.
Markets often focus on the extreme long-term, in ways the government can never do.
Markets often turn up quite ahead of when the economy turns up.
Markets sometimes run far longer than anyone expects.
Markets usually deregulate from the top down.
Markets usually flourish in spring and fall, and close or curtail activities in the summer.
Markets usually go down faster than they go up.
All markets always contain material spillover benefits and costs.
All market is on level.
All markets are efficient to a certain extent, some more so than others.
All markets are finite.
All markets are limited, but the investment market is huge.
All markets are perfectly competitive, and in equilibrium both goods and factor markets are cleared.
All markets are regional and the economy is global.
All markets carry it-cheaper by the case.
All markets consolidate with time.
All markets go through three stages.
All markets have some degree of what can be called fraud and abuse.
All markets increasingly demand innovative and higher quality products and services.
All markets offer a discount on refilling and many use refill cards as an incentive.
All markets operate to provide competition for the profits they create.
All markets peak during the summer and experience low periods in the spring and autumn.
All markets require that stretch-wrap be bailed.
All markets show considerable price instability.
All markets tend to cycle between constricted range and directional trend in all time frames.
All markets work based on the principle of supply and demand.
Any market driven by shortages does.
Every market depends on buyers and sellers being aware of each other.
Every market grows with use.
Every market has a charitable beneficiary of the cash donation.
Every market has a different cap rate.
Every market has a different price range.
Every market has stalls selling small arms and ammunition.
Every market has their own local preferences, and that is what has to be remembered.
Every market is a little different.
Every market is different.
Every Market Needs a Different Message.
Every market relies to some extent on knowing previous sales values to predict future sales values.
Many markets also have racks of discount coupons.
Many markets appoint a farmer to collect fees and supervise on market day.
Many markets display asparagus standing up in ice, but it's best to check the ends for moistness.
Many markets feature baked and canned goods and dairy products in addition to fresh produce.
Many markets have an untouched or sparsely covered niche market.
Many markets have seasonal price patterns that occur over and over each year.
Many markets listed on our markets pages warmly welcome new writers.
Many markets offer a full deli bar with fresh meats, cheese, soups and salads.
Many markets operate year-round.
Many markets still have a wide variety of bedding and vegetable plants and hanging baskets.
Many markets undergo important changes, as business environments and political conditions change.
Many markets use formal contracts with members.
Many markets use limits which stop prices fluctuating too much as a way to control price volatility.
More Markets are more volatile than ever.
Most market leading products have a built in two-factor authentication compatibility.
Most markets allow all strategies.
Most markets also have a thin Danish pumpernickel.
Most markets also have fresh flowers at good prices.
Most markets are already immobilized and dematerialized.
Most markets are open seven hours or less.
Most markets are steady or moderately lower due to good offerings and light sales.
Most markets become forces.
Most markets carry broccoflower, a cross between broccoli and cauliflower.
Most markets change over time.
Most markets consist of maid services.
Most markets consist of services.
Most markets deliver growth.
Most markets determine environmental outcomes.
Most markets determine outcomes.
Most markets feature goods.
Most markets focus on areas.
Most markets have characteristics.
Most markets have levels.
Most markets have niches.
Most markets have protocols.
Most markets involve a spread between buy and selling prices called the bid-ask spread.
Most markets occur weekly on a public site, such as a car park or school yard.
Most markets offer double coupons.
Most markets offer growth potential.
Most markets offer high growth potential.
Most markets offer high potential.
Most markets offer job opportunity.
Most markets offer opportunity.
Most markets offer potential.
Most markets offer types.
Most markets promote growth.
Most markets promote hair growth.
Most markets provide conditions.
Most markets provide coverage.
Most markets provide economic opportunity.
Most markets provide excellent market opportunity.
Most markets provide excellent opportunity.
Most markets provide ideal conditions.
Most markets provide market opportunity.
Most markets provide opportunity.
Most markets reflect cost.
Most markets reflect true cost.
Most markets represent alternatives.
Most markets require that plastic be sorted by resin type and some also require sorting by color.
Most markets require that plastics be baled and strapped with a non-rust material.
Most markets require the purple variety, although the yellow variety is acceptable to some buyers.
Most markets result in events.
Most markets see products.
Most markets show growth.
Some markets accept plastics in granulated form.
Some markets also offer a frequent diner discount card.
Some markets also prefer the mussels to be de-byssed which adds cost to processing.
Some markets also remain closed to overseas investors, or are subject to government intervention.
Some markets appear to show ongoing evidence of patterns or cycles.
Some markets are better.
Some markets are comparatively tame.
Some markets are designed by engineers.
Some markets are more equal than others.
Some markets are more volatile and more risky than others.
Some markets are only open to academic traders.
Some markets are still hot.
Some markets are worse than others.
Some markets become variation.
Some markets can have impact.
Some markets can have major impact.
Some markets can operate more freely than others.
Some markets carry it year-round.
Some markets carry natural foods.
Some markets contribute to agricultural improvement.
Some markets contribute to improvement.
Some markets create markets.
Some markets depend on geographies.
Some markets dry up while new ones prop up.
Some markets even sell baby spinach leaves in bulk.
Some markets give a discount if an item is rung incorrectly.
Some markets have a stronger consumer skew, while in others the business component is larger.
Some markets have advantage.
Some markets have an entrance fee, possibly discouraging some customers from entering.
Some markets have drawbacks.
Some markets have higher sales indices or greater dispersion than others.
Some markets have lots.
Some markets have lower liquidity and poorer fills which increases risk.
Some markets have preferences for traders selling particular types of goods.
Some markets have two trading sessions each day.
Some markets have very specific requirements.
Some markets help better jobs.
Some markets help growth.
Some markets help hair growth.
Some markets help jobs.
Some markets hold cooking demonstrations and samplings.
Some markets increase power.
Some markets involve homework.
Some markets involve little homework.
Some markets only accept mixed glass from sources who also provide clear or color-sorted glass.
Some markets pay little, but offer extra rewards in terms of recognition and reputation.
Some markets prefer lychees prepacked in punnets, clamshells, or trays wrapped with plastic film.
Some markets prefer only one or two varieties of a particular type.
Some markets prohibit the use of shrink wrap.
Some markets provide disaster relief.
Some markets provide relief.
Some markets rely on strict anonymity between negotiators, at least until the deal is consummated.
Some markets require detailed listing of ingredients.
Some markets require very large, local varieties of papaya.
Some markets resist the strong fragrance of oriental lilium.
Some markets seem to be completely free of tourists.
Some markets sell powdered borax as a laundry additive.
Some markets sell roasted red bell peppers in jars.
Marketable people leave when they stop growing.
Marketable products have yet to be sold.
Marketable securities are another form of cash, although one that does earn interest.
Marketable securities are in principle recorded at market values per end quarter.
Marketable securities are primarily short-term debt instruments.
Marketable skills are crucial.
Marketable skills are in.
Marketable skills start with reading.
Marketable Skills Stay away far away.
Marketable Title Enables an owner to sell property without objection.
Marketable title is condition precedent to enforcing a contract.
Marketable title means that the land to be sold is free from lawsuits and the threat of litigation.
Marketable training provides specific entry-level or advanced job skills.
Marketable yields are moderately high.
A marketer is a merchant
Marketers actually buy power for resale.
Marketers advertise only one or the other, depending on which one makes up the majority.
Marketers already influence or control a significant chunk of the election process.
Marketers also use strategy to meet the needs of noncustomer stakeholders.
Marketers appeal to cohorts through nostalgia that links a product to vivid memories of the past.
Marketers appeal to potential customers in subtle ways.
Marketers are accidental customers.
Marketers are all ears.
Marketers are also involved in environmental issues.
Marketers are always in demand.
Marketers are by nature active, restless, problem-solving people.
Marketers are darn necessary.
Marketers are fond of using military analogies to make a point.
Marketers are grateful for their work.
Marketers are in the influence business.
Marketers are increasingly interested in fostering loyalty and commitment.
Marketers are instrumental in achieving such t asks.
Marketers are instrumental in finding the answers to such challenges.
Marketers are involved with intercollegiate and professional sports.
Marketers are less likely to have credibility with the engineering audience.
Marketers are motivators.
Marketers are nervous.
Marketers are now including response mechanisms in their advertising.
Marketers are office workers.
Marketers are optimistic about the category's long-term health.
Marketers are regularly involved in major decisions affecting an organization s future.
Marketers are still hunters.
Marketers are the heart of business and as such are very, very valuable people.
Marketers argue that because anonymous machines are involved, no harm is done.
Marketers become interactive communications vigilantes.
Marketers believe people associate certain feelings with certain colors.
Marketers believe people want to think they are getting something at a special cost.
Marketers believe they are succeeding.
Marketers benefit from being able to deploy model scores dynamically.
Marketers build brands.
Marketers buy herbs from bulk suppliers or farms, then mix up blend.
Marketers call it positioning . . .
Marketers can act as agents of changes within a culture.
Marketers can actually have broader access to records than a patient's next of kin.
Marketers can also monitor sources of customer input to keep the dialogue going.
Marketers can also use brand loyalty in behavioral segmentation.
Marketers can also work to make benefits as tangible as possible.
Marketers can be among the highest paid individuals in a company.
Marketers can choose their target audience by industry, job function, geography and other criteria.
Marketers can choose to run banners, buttons, text links or sponsorships throughout the site.
Marketers can create a better marketing plan.
Marketers can determine customers' preference by gathering information on the Internet.
Marketers can develop parts of their site that allow for feedback from consumers.
Marketers can especially help their attorneys with planning a follow up strategy.
Marketers can explore new ways of viewing data, follow-up on hunches or further explore ideas.
Marketers can find increased efficiencies by concentrating their media programs on one network.
Marketers can get rich.
Marketers can glean ever more intimate details of our buying habits from online databases.
Marketers can help by analyzing the changes and presenting appropriate alternatives.
Marketers can instantly get data on electricity prices, which fluctuate throughout the day.
Marketers can move backward from purchases to determine where and when individuals buy.
Marketers can no longer afford pre-conceived notions about specific messages or media.
Marketers can no longer afford to simply throw money at the customer.
Marketers can now be free to focus time and resources on core relationship management opportunities.
Marketers can now track, analyze, and target resellers directly, without the help of consultants.
Marketers can precisely target the right person within the right organization every time.
Marketers can print messages, games, contests, or sweeps invites on the cards.
Marketers can recognize the buyer's specific needs and supply information.
Marketers can reduce the amount or quality or the product offered at the same price.
Marketers can reinforce the positive feelings that consumers have about their products.
Marketers can run an ad in every college newspaper in our database simply by clicking a button.
Marketers can seek to A. suppress problem recognition.
Marketers can sell only at a price customers are willing to pay for perceived value.
Marketers can set both qualitative and quantitative standards for sales performance.
Marketers can standardize their products and, hence, achieve economies of scale and lower prices.
Marketers can study online populations and target customers with pinpoint accuracy.
Marketers can target their offers by keyword, age, gender or geographic location.
Marketers can use nonprice competition to improve benefits without increasing price.
Marketers can use reverse channels to gather donations of money or goods.
Marketers carry little inventory and have lower storage costs.
Marketers come to our meetings to gain a broad awareness of many aspects of marketing.
Marketers consider the following factors when choosing segmentation variables.
Marketers constantly survey, poll, and interview readers to see how much they're consuming.
Marketers constantly work with budgets and have to prepare competitive capital expenditure projects.
Marketers continue to change the rules for compensating agency partners.
Marketers create a world in which objects have personalities.
Marketers create brands for products, companies, and services.
Marketers definitely take title and are resellers.
Marketers develop strategies to attract the public to their businesses.
Marketers divide their world into consumers and business people.
Marketers do it on TV, they do it on billboards, they do it with junk mail.
Marketers emphasize non-price differences because prices are so easy to match.
Marketers expect sales to rise steadily, rather than in bursts.
Marketers face other challenges, as well.
Marketers face the day with optimism.
Marketers fail when they segment Web users by traditional demographics.
Marketers fight for attention, whether it's in the mail, publications or marketing materials.
Marketers find ways to bring in traffic though.
Marketers find ways to bring in traffic through.
Marketers focus on people, merchandisers focus on products.
Marketers focus on the both the long-term picture and specific current product offerings.
Marketers gain customer respect and benefit from much richer profiles.
Marketers gain when they know how their online customers think and feel.
Marketers get access to live sales stats.
Marketers get bored with their own messages long before their prospects do.
Marketers get coupons to customers in a variety of ways.
Marketers get to sell.
Marketers go the extra distance.
Marketers hate to be ignored.
Marketers have a broad vision.
Marketers have a lot of data at their disposal.
Marketers have by necessity become more active in their efforts to promote their merchants.
Marketers have experience in positioning.
Marketers have many ways to influence customers' purchasing behavior and decisions.
Marketers have no control over people's needs, but can influence people's wants.
Marketers have numerous options on what they can produce.
Marketers have real-time access to their entrant database.
Marketers have the satisfaction of knowing that they're helping people, lots of people.
Marketers have to develop different packaging for the two areas.
Marketers have to find their own level.
Marketers have to make a living too.
Marketers have to make a living.
Marketers have to take both competition and the economy into consideration.
Marketers identify specific customer groups or individuals to receive sales information.
Marketers initiate economic activity when they obtain information about consumer desires.
Marketers know many people are resistant to the letters they send out.
Marketers know that birds of a feather flock together.
Marketers know that good customer service is more than posting a greeter at the front door.
Marketers know young women are very conscious about their body images.
Marketers live and die on information.
Marketers look at buyer behavior in terms of two models.
Marketers look at the prospect's situation, problems and needs, rivals, and suppliers.
Marketers look at the value added by each function and at every step in the value chain.
Marketers looking to beef up their sites have lots of places to turn.
Marketers looking to only spend money on a CPA basis have a number of options available.
Marketers make sure the right product is published at the right price for the right market.
Marketers now play an elaborate game of stereotyping.
Marketers now use ZIP codes to identify the geographic distribution of their potential viewers.
Marketers ought to be more on the customer's side than the company's.
Marketers ought to tinker and tweak.
Marketers pay affiliates for ALL the performance they drive.
Marketers plan to raise Internet ad spending more than any other medium.
Marketers predict age, sex, and household income based on behavior observed via cookies.
Marketers presume that products and services are developed or chosen by other people in the company.
Marketers promote bladderwrack as an agent for weight loss and cellulite.
Marketers push for animation and rich media in the banners to make their appeals more eye-catching.
Marketers push limits.
Marketers realize they can build brand loyalty by attracting consumers when they are teens.
Marketers really get around.
Marketers refer to the typical tourist as an eco-tourist.
Marketers refer to VPNs in all sorts of ways.
Marketers risk an over-reliance on media to build brands.
Marketers say ginseng boosts vitality.
Marketers say kids are people, too, and deserve the same attention as any other consumer.
Marketers say preparation is more important than money.
Marketers say they are simply fighting for a level playingfield.
Marketers seek such people out as useful barometers of coming fashions.
Marketers seem to lose their creative edge when working mature brands and segments.
Marketers spend oodles to determine what color best sells their products.
Marketers spend the most money sending salespeople into the field to talk personally with customers.
Marketers study how markets function.
Marketers study individual consumers.
Marketers take a look.
Marketers take advantage of location by selling suntan lotion in Hawaii, fur coats in Alaska, etc.
Marketers take note.
Marketers target global youth as their most lucrative market of all.
Marketers tend to focus on China as a vast potential market.
Marketers then know which of their campaigns is effective.
Marketers therefore have the opportunity to place an ad among content of interest to users.
Marketers track visits to Internet Web sites to assess consumer interest in new products.
Marketers traditionally pigeonhole consumers by their age, income, or occupation.
Marketers treat email releases like a direct marketing tool.
Marketers try to foil cookie-blocking software .
Marketers try to foil cookie-blocking software.
Marketers try to get more than one family member on their side for a purchase.
Marketers try to match the store image to the perceived image of their customers.
Marketers understand marketing.
Marketers use a variety of metrics to track the effectiveness of Web advertising.
Marketers use a wide variety of segmentation bases.
Marketers use CD-ROM technology to strike a new value equation with customers.
Marketers use cyberchats frequently in product publicity tours.
Marketers use sales promotion activities and materials for a number of purposes.
Marketers use the lists to profile potential customers and target promotions.
Marketers use the principles of dissonance in their attempts at persuasion.
Marketers use the Rule of Seven.
Marketers use the term to describe a wide range of functions and services.
Marketers use traditional media to strengthen the brand name.
Marketers win right to 'hormone-free' labels.
Marketers woo government buyers with promises of what products can do.
Marketers work longer and harder without complaining.
Marketers frequently confuse features and benefits.
Marketers often compete on product attributes other than price.
Marketers often demand major changes to a Web site in return for their money.
Marketers often go to great lengths to influence the decisions that consumers make.
Marketers often have difficulty determining who is playing which buying role.
Marketers often have to estimate future sales.
Marketers often promise more than a real product turns to be equipped with.
Marketers often rely on advertising agencies to prepare advertising materials.
Marketers often use a color to achieve visual identification or color massing at retail.
Marketers often use a fear appeal to make a point about the advertised product.
Marketers often use several promotion mixes simultaneously if a firm sells multiple products.
Marketers sometimes choose to include the full text of a newsletter in e-mail messages.
Marketers sometimes shell out big fees to studios.
Marketers sometimes take responsibility to balance load so their customers can avoid penalties.
Marketers sometimes understand, and advisors can learn how to market.
All marketers charge some sort of fee on late payments.
All marketers feel their messages are relevant.
Any marketer can do it.
Every marketer can profit from the Seminar Series.
Every marketer is influenced by the global economic environment.
Every marketer knows that scarcity is one surefire way to create demand for a new product.
Many marketers advertise and simply give a Web site address, no e-mail contact.
Many marketers advertise and simply give a website address, no email contact.
Many marketers are in denial of the plain-spoken message communicated by the data.
Many marketers argue that CD-ROM software is expensive.
Many marketers build response mechanisms into their communications.
Many marketers combine demographic variables to identify suitable segments.
Many marketers dismiss video direct-mail without analyzing the numbers, assuming it's too expensive.
Many marketers do make special pages for all related keywords for each major search engine.
Many marketers emphasize the importance of branding in the competitive legal marketplace.
Many marketers fail trying to be all things to all people.
Many marketers find that additional inserts in their packages boost response significantly.
Many marketers focus efforts on the health and welfare of customers and people in the community.
Many marketers go beyond mere synonyms and into colloquial terms to succeed.
Many marketers have misconceptions about their options online.
Many marketers hire experts to handle it.
Many marketers hold in-depth training sessions when they introduce new products.
Many marketers make fundamental mistakes in how they manage and analyze data.
Many marketers make the mistake of attempting to maximize the profit up front.
Many marketers offer noncash rewards.
Many marketers prefer to speed new products to market before the window of opportunity ends.
Many marketers question the ethics of slotting fees.
Many marketers require people to pay the most when they know the least.
Many marketers seem preoccupied with the total number of affiliates.
Many marketers still use the old advertising model to create their Web sites.
Many marketers try to minimize postpurchase dissonance by guaranteeing satisfaction.
Many marketers use pricing to maximize current profits, trying to make the highest profits now.
Many marketers utilize in-kind gifts or product donations to support a cause.
Most marketers actually fail at first in their businesses.
Most marketers agree on the potential of the bulk segment and expect it to grow fast.
Most marketers agree that information overload can be an overwhelming issue, especially in scanning.
Most marketers agree that it is unlike to completely vanish in the near future.
Most marketers have many goals they want to measure that are beyond the click.
Most marketers ignore the international visitor to the site.
Most marketers make their initial contact through a letter.
Most marketers seek to develop brand insistence for their products.
Most marketers talk about advertising and promotion.
Most marketers use pixel tags to help determine which ads are performing best in a given campaign.
Some marketers can operate anywhere.
Some marketers claim that colloidal silver is effective against hundreds of diseases.
Some marketers develop marketing programs especially for opinion leaders.
Some marketers favor opt-out.
Some marketers focus only on organizational customers.
Some marketers form strategic alliances with other companies to develop new products.
Some marketers hire limited-service agencies for a particular aspect of their advertising.
Some marketers keep costs under control by bartering for particular goods or services.
Some marketers keep their doorways on the same server as their site.
Some marketers offer their products by mail to test customer reaction to various prices.
Some marketers sell differently to each customer segment.
Some marketers suggest posting regularly.
Some marketers supplement the marketing audit with a quality audit.
Some marketers take the first approach to a next logical step.
Some marketers use round numbers to encourage a perception of quality and value.
Some marketers use up to twenty means of communication per event.
Marketing agencies have a lot to do with where calves go after they leave Kentucky.
Marketing agreements are a more extended version of forward contracts.
Marketing analysts can add sophisticated basket analysis to their bag of tricks.
Marketing Analysts Develop annual and quarterly product line forecasts.
Marketing analysts use the most modern and powerful computer equipment.
Many marketing analysts recommend using a different color paper for each mailing.
Marketing automation is mainly campaign management, telemarketing.
Marketing automation is simpler.
Marketing campaigns act as movable units on the map.
Marketing campaigns can be expensive.
Marketing campaigns can change people's attitudes.
Every marketing campaign gets better when an element of permission is added.
Marketing channels are the downstream part of the value chain.
Marketing Channels can be long term or short term.
Marketing channels continue to be expanded.
Marketing communications has top management priority and with good reason.
Marketing communications is also difficult.
Marketing communications is an investment.
Marketing communications is an umbrella word that covers a multitude of disciplines.
Marketing communications is the 'public face' of business.
All marketing communication has a measurable outcome.
All marketing communication has a reason.
All marketing communication has a target.
Marketing companies can match cookie information to clickstream analysis to target users.
Marketing companies publicize their analyst reports.
Many marketing companies charge thousands of dollars to send letters to manufacturers.
Marketing consultant can help.
Marketing consultants are an excellent source of help.
Marketing cooperatives represent a major economic force in Canada.
Marketing departments believe that consumption of soft drinks peaks in the afternoon.
Marketing departments do that all the time with other media.
Marketing departments do.
Marketing departments make legal departments look good.
Marketing departments recycle mainframe data to drive market research.
Marketing departments use the CPM to compare sources of advertising with a particular medium.
Marketing directors are often in a difficult and precarious situation.
Marketing directors can turn to it for new product ideas.
Marketing ethics comprises principles and standards that guide appropriate conduct in organizations.
Marketing executives can now use their own web site for surveys.
Marketing executives discuss international sales strategies.
Marketing intelligence is what separates the winners from the loosers in our marketplace.
Marketing literature is often vague and unhelpful.
Marketing management consists of planning, implementing, and controlling marketing activities.
Marketing management consists of planning, implementing, and controlling marketing activity.
Marketing management covers the planning, organizing, and controlling aspects of marketing.
Marketing Management Discusses the basic principles of marketing.
Marketing management emphasises customer satisfaction.
Marketing management entails aspects of human resource management and administration.
Marketing management focuses on the process of marketing decision for organizations.
Marketing management has a major role in all aspects of the business firm.
Marketing management involves planning, implementing, and controlling marketing activities.
Marketing management is often the path to the top of the business organization.
Marketing management is portrayed as a technical issue.
Marketing managers are responsible for seeing to it that an implemented strategy is working.
Marketing managers are responsible for selling and promoting a company's products or services.
Marketing managers consider product life cycle as an important measure of sales revenues.
Marketing managers create detailed advertising and promotion plans.
Marketing managers develop a detailed plan for selling products.
Marketing managers develop the firm's detailed marketing strategy.
Marketing managers look for ad campaigns, positioning strategy and consumer attitudes.
Marketing managers require a source of new information and insights on international business.
Marketing Managers require experience with architectural or engineering firm marketing.
Marketing managers seek low cost access to new customers.
Marketing managers use similar features to track sales and the results of special promotions.
Marketing managers work with other managers to monitor trends in the market place.
Marketing mix is developed based upon each market segment.
Marketing myopia is often characteristic of organizations that are too narrowly defined.
Marketing myopia is simply poor long-range vision.
Every marketing objective needs a measurable strategy.
Marketing orders can shape the sales of fruits and vegetables.
All marketing orders contain some requirements for inspection to see that regulations are met.
Marketing plan is implemented.
Marketing plan is product driven and short term.
Marketing plan is reviewed and updated annually.
Marketing plans are in place.
Marketing plans are proactive rather than reactive to budget cuts.
Marketing plans are separate from business plans and companies are advised to have both.
Marketing plans are still up in the air.
Marketing plans are vital to marketing success.
Marketing plans vary by industry, by size of company and by stage of growth.
Marketing plans vary with respect to the time period involved.
All marketing plans are unconditional.
Every marketing plan has various leadership titles or qualifying positions.
Many marketing plans are simply an update of last year's plan.
Many marketing plans combined achieve the marketing objectives.
Most marketing plans consist of three sections.
Some marketing plans are only a page in length.
Some marketing plans work better than others.
Marketing promotions are always a hotbed of glossed-over connotations.
Marketing quotas are a supply control mechanism that indirectly increases market prices.
Marketing research can be complex.
Marketing research can be the key to making wise business decisions.
Marketing research can help find the problem and identify a solution.
Marketing research can help in both big and small decision making.
Marketing research can help with both big and small decisions.
Marketing research can provide that information to the manager.
Marketing research consists of both informal and formal research.
Marketing research creates that knowing.
Marketing research depends on public reliance that research is carried out fairly, and objectively.
Marketing research does, however, try to learn about markets scientifically.
Marketing research focuses and organized marketing information.
Marketing research involves identifying and solving problems.
Marketing research is a good start.
Marketing research is a huge part of what they do.
Marketing research is a tool for doing that.
Marketing research is about marketing decisions.
Marketing research is about statistics.
Marketing research is an investment .
Marketing research is completed before program development.
Marketing research is key to that understanding.
Marketing research is mostly just hard work.
Marketing research is much more than just promotion and advertising.
Marketing research is research.
Marketing research provides an alternative basis on which the marketing manager can make decisions.
Marketing research reduces the guesswork associated with marketing decisions.
Marketing research shows that people believe they get what they pay for.
Marketing services are also available.
Marketing services are available for crops ranging from corn to sweet potatoes.
Marketing services are available on an hourly fee schedule.
Marketing services are free.
Marketing services enjoy comparatively fat margins.
Marketing services provides services for advertising and other departments.
Some marketing services are free while others are fee-based.
Marketing specialists have a wide range of responsibilities.
Marketing strategies are often primitive.
Marketing strategies are the result of a meticulous market analysis.
Marketing Strategies create a comprehensive marketing plan for visitor attractions.
Marketing strategies vary from screenwriter to screenwriter, depending on many factors.
Marketing Strategy Identify the strategy of the ad.
Marketing strategy is a subject that is highly visible in the press and business organizations.
Marketing strategy specifies a target market and a related marketing mix.
Marketing adds value by increasing income.
Marketing affect on display and visual presentations.
Marketing affects almost every aspect of our daily lives.
Marketing affects almost every aspect of our lives.
Marketing aim to change that.
Marketing aims at getting an unwilling public to do what the marketer wants.
Marketing allows companies to reach their desired markets.
Marketing also conducts research useful to public relations and visa-versa.
Marketing also effects the value of blue sky.
Marketing also has a back story.
Marketing also has an objective.
Marketing also includes product creation, pricing, and distribution.
Marketing also involves developing relationships with clients.
Marketing also involves money . . .
Marketing also offers great diversity for student specialization.
Marketing also plays a role in attracting both submissions and readers.
Marketing also relies heavily on psychology to create demand for new products.
Marketing answers the question of how to get the information out to the public.
Marketing appears to be a weakness for the demo herd.
Marketing applies to almost every facet of the business industry.
Marketing are capable of increase demand.
Marketing are commerce.
Marketing are commercial activities.
Marketing are happy to find something they like better.
Marketing are shopping.
Marketing assumes that everybody wins.
Marketing attracts new clients and expands work from existing clients.
Marketing becomes digital.
Marketing begins about six months before the book is supposed to be released.
Marketing begins before the first seed hits the ground or hoof hits the pasture.
Marketing being what it is, mass-market books tend to disappear after a few months.
Marketing Building a business can be a hard job to do alone.
Marketing Building a great web site is just the beginning.
Marketing Building the site is only the first step.
Marketing builds results through repeated uses.
Marketing can also assist in providing market research and gathering data through focus testing.
Marketing can also involve the selling of ideas.
Marketing can also list procedures for tracking responses to marketing activities.
Marketing can always go to something new, and production can always deliver it.
Marketing can analyse trends and identify new targets.
Marketing can be a confusing and difficult topic due to it's sometimes unquantifiable results.
Marketing can be a great tool for raising the popularity of the dead.
Marketing can be a hassle.
Marketing can be a pleasure.
Marketing can be a suitable career choice for graduates from diverse educational backgrounds.
Marketing can be a wonderful thing.
Marketing can be an active vibrant major for the interested student.
Marketing can be an expensive business and is a game of risk reduction.
Marketing can be deceptive.
Marketing can be expensive on the Internet.
Marketing can be expensive, even on the Internet.
Marketing can be in the color or where it is placed in the store.
Marketing can be very powerful.
Marketing can easily address different market segments with customized versions.
Marketing can easily track and analyze which content is valued and used most often by the field.
Marketing can even track the volume of sales generated as a result of their efforts.
Marketing can expand in scope and shrink in cost.
Marketing can foster a virtual corporation strategy.
Marketing can go start their own damn museum.
Marketing can help.
Marketing can mean many things.
Marketing can now go global, as any client or company anywhere can purchase and use the software.
Marketing can play an important role in dissemination of information.
Marketing can provide information about what promotional strategies are the most successful.
Marketing can spring another surprise.
Marketing can target promotions to specific installed customer products and services.
Marketing can update their offerings, editorial can add interesting news etc.
Marketing carries a hefty price tag too.
Marketing changes the world.
Marketing Check out our new marketing plans.
Marketing comes down to information transfer, and it's important to have knowledge of our customers.
Marketing comes first.
Marketing comes second.
Marketing consists of the steps that lead up to and results in sales.
Marketing contains product and strategic marketing along with documentation.
Marketing Contains various advertising and marketing news.
Marketing continues to be a blend of art, science, business and patience.
Marketing continues to be a mystery . . .
Marketing continues to focus on more carefully defined target groups.
Marketing covers all the activities needed to move products and services from producer to consumer.
Marketing Covers the concept of supply and demand.
Marketing creates customer satisfaction.
Marketing creates Positioning.
Marketing creates value for customers and extracts a share of the value for the enterprise.
Marketing decides they want to sell an existing product in Canada and Malaysia.
Marketing determines the direction for sales and support operations.
Marketing Develop a plan targeted to adoptive parents and teachers.
Marketing develops and builds marketing decision-making skills.
Marketing do systems.
Marketing does take time.
Marketing dominates the publishing industry.
Marketing drives new 'vision' .
Marketing drives the lingo used to describe a taste.
Marketing electives Twelve additional upper-division hours.
Marketing embraces more than selling, or advertising, or any single function.
Marketing emphasizes the flow of goods and services from producer to consumer or user.
Marketing emphasizes the importance of satisfying and developing relationships with customers.
Marketing emphasizes what the customer wants.
Marketing encompasses a wide variety of meanings and activities.
Marketing encourages a focused approach to meeting customer demands.
Marketing ensures that there are simplified technology choices and more so content for end-users.
Marketing focuses on building customer relationships.
Marketing focuses on exchange.
Marketing focuses on product development, catalogue design and other promotion material.
Marketing focuses on sales figures, seasons and the kind of audience the mall wants.
Marketing focuses on the relationship between the firm and the markets it serves.
Marketing gets results.
Marketing gives creative individuals a chance to sell a product or service.
Marketing gives ideas to the development team and visa versa.
Marketing Go to a campus as a recruiter.
Marketing goes beyond the narrow viewpoint of being only retailing, promotion, and advertising.
Marketing goes in a different direction and the development project is killed.
Marketing happens everywhere.
Marketing has a big impact on the decisions about what to produce and how to produce it.
Marketing has a major role to play in developing a positive response to vocational education.
Marketing has an even more profound effect on the relationship between businesses and consumers.
Marketing has full control permission of folder.
Marketing has many high paying jobs and career opportunities.
Marketing has nothing to do with it.
Marketing has opportunities for individuals that have either interest pattern.
Marketing has the job of making sure our seats are full.
Marketing has the potential to contradict or complement the category and subcategory structure.
Marketing has to be addressed.
Marketing has to be done consistently and continuously.
Marketing has to give their heads a shake.
Marketing has to show accountability.
Marketing has to take the lead.
Marketing has too many ingredients.
Marketing helps bring information about customer needs to editorial and authors.
Marketing helps generate deal flow.
Marketing helps, too.
Marketing here refers to wholesaling and related service functions.
Marketing includes ads, trade shows, and partnerships.
Marketing includes how to make intelligent marketing decisions and how to use the future markets.
Marketing includes online as well as conventional marketing methods.
Marketing includes promotion and sale strategies.
Marketing includes promotion, advertising, and sales.
Marketing includes sales to sporting good shops as well as specialty outdoor and ski shops.
Marketing includes the required domain name registration.
Marketing includes traditional client mailings and new electronic sources.
Marketing influences many facets of our daily lives.
Marketing Introduces the basics of effective marketing techniques.
Marketing involves calculated, measurable steps to insure success.
Marketing involves concepts like price and product.
Marketing involves everything a company does to retain and attract customers.
Marketing involves finding a buyer and ensuring quality and reliable delivery.
Marketing involves the transfer of products or services from an organization to the consumer.
Marketing involves two main areas.
Marketing is a basic function of business.
Marketing is a bizarre animal.
Marketing is a business education elective offered to sophomores, juniors and seniors.
Marketing is a business plan.
Marketing is a central topic in the world of for-profit enterprise.
Marketing is a challenge, but it is an essential part of the process.
Marketing is a challenge.
Marketing is a change-management system.
Marketing is a combination of art and science.
Marketing is a company's window on the world.
Marketing is a complex art and science.
Marketing is a complex discipline.
Marketing is a complex interaction of many activities leading to an eventual exchange.
Marketing is a complex process involving many different skills and activities.
Marketing is a component critical to the overall success of a business.
Marketing is a concerted effort to sell more.
Marketing is a constant effort.
Marketing is a constant.
Marketing is a consulting firm specializing in consumer electronics and personal computers.
Marketing is a continual effort.
Marketing is a continuous requirement and an integral part of any entity s success.
Marketing is a critical and essential component to establishing and maintaining a business.
Marketing is a critical component in presenting the student athlete for scholarship opportunities.
Marketing is a dialog between customer and supplier .
Marketing is a different function than selling.
Marketing is a discipline that guides the entire organisation.
Marketing is a distinct category.
Marketing is a distinct discipline with a variety of opportunities.
Marketing is a dynamic business marked by intrinsic growth and change.
Marketing is a dynamic fluid field changing with the domestic and global economy and technology.
Marketing is a dynamic, and exciting career that has many facets.
Marketing is a extensive subject highlighting advertising and publicity.
Marketing is a fact of life.
Marketing is a fascinating field.
Marketing is a fight to establish a perception in the consumers mind.
Marketing is a form of communication.
Marketing is a full service web design, hosting and maintenance company.
Marketing is a full time job.
Marketing is a fundamental part of every successful operation.
Marketing is a good place to start.
Marketing is a growing field.
Marketing is a hands-on process.
Marketing is a highly evolved science of making a profit from transactions.
Marketing is a human activity directed at satisfying needs and wants through the exchange process.
Marketing is a key component in developing any sustainable vegetable operation.
Marketing is a key component to any successful business start-up or expansion.
Marketing is a key factor in any sign.
Marketing is a key strength.
Marketing is a legitimate and credible business.
Marketing is a little like science, or philosophy.
Marketing is a long-term commitment.
Marketing is a long-term strategy.
Marketing is a lot of little pieces that make up a whole.
Marketing is a major but often neglected component of good management.
Marketing is a major consideration.
Marketing is a major function of a business firm - indeed, of any organization.
Marketing is a major part of an aquaculture business.
Marketing is a management discipline concerned with exchange processes in competitive markets.
Marketing is a mighty power.
Marketing is a much more scientific process than many people believe.
Marketing is a never-ending endeavor.
Marketing is a numbers game - pure and simple.
Marketing is a numbers game.
Marketing is a pain.
Marketing is a particular challenge in most rural areas.
Marketing is a people-oriented profession encompassing all types of companies.
Marketing is a pervasive discipline.
Marketing is a planning process based on exchange and needs.
Marketing is a prerequisite for admission.
Marketing is a process and, as such, it never ends.
Marketing is a process that a. facilitates exchanges.
Marketing is a process that has a beginning, a middle and an end.
Marketing is a process that is now fully ingrained into the staff.
Marketing is a process.
Marketing is a repetitive task that requires a series of calculated steps.
Marketing is a research-based method for acting strategically.
Marketing is a results game.
Marketing is a science.
Marketing is a secondary but important use of the information generated by evaluation.
Marketing is a significant functional area in virtually all modern organizations.
Marketing is a skill, rather than an art.
Marketing is a skill.
Marketing is a snowball effect, growing as it rolls along.
Marketing is a specialized field which is vital in today's competitive global economy.
Marketing is a steep hill and takes a lot of stamina to reach the crest.
Marketing is a strategy.
Marketing is a technological discipline, plain and simple.
Marketing is a technology-driven discipline.
Marketing is a tough game.
Marketing is a tough world.
Marketing is a valuable preparation for many types of management careers.
Marketing is a vast and diverse discipline.
Marketing is a very important aspect for every site.
Marketing is a very wide-ranging discipline.
Marketing is a vital part of all commercial entrepreneurship.
Marketing is a whole different talent.
Marketing is about anticipating and satisfying buyers needs.
Marketing is about anticipating and satisfying buyers' needs.
Marketing is about building a reputation.
Marketing is about creating the right environment to make the sale.
Marketing is about developing and offering new and different value propositions to our customers.
Marketing is about education, planning, and activity.
Marketing is about facilitating exchange.
Marketing is about image and desire.
Marketing is about learning what makes people tick.
Marketing is about matching core competencies with customers, both internal and external.
Marketing is about mutually satisfying exchange relationships.
Marketing is about organizations and individuals staying 'in tune' with their environments.
Marketing is about people, both inside and outside the firm.
Marketing is about positioning, and relationships.
Marketing is about preserving business relationships as much as it is about getting new ones.
Marketing is about promises.
Marketing is about results.
Marketing is about selling more stuff, to more people, for more money.
Marketing is across the whole rest of the company.
Marketing is active.
Marketing is actually a lot more than just selling products.
Marketing is advertising that focuses on what parents want.
Marketing is all about communication.
Marketing is all about perception.
Marketing is all about talking and convincing people.
Marketing is all on price in our area.
Marketing is also a key to the success of any program.
Marketing is also excellent preparation for graduate school.
Marketing is also good for the sales aspect, but even liberal arts is acceptable.
Marketing is also important.
Marketing is also one of the best ways to the top.
Marketing is also practical.
Marketing is also responsible for identifying new target markets.
Marketing is always a challenge.
Marketing is always a problem in English cricket because football takes far too much limelight.
Marketing is always important to the commercial real estate firm, but never more so than now.
Marketing is an activity savvy companies engage in year 'round.
Marketing is an activity that facilitates exchange.
Marketing is an activity that's supposed to create opportunities for sales .
Marketing is an adventure.
Marketing is an aggregate of functions involved in moving goods from producer to consumer.
Marketing is an alien concept in the public sector.
Marketing is an amazing force.
Marketing is an art.
Marketing is an essential business activity.
Marketing is an essential investment on the part of the manufacturer or seller.
Marketing is an essential part of business operations.
Marketing is an essential part of every business.
Marketing is an essential part of every successful com- pany.
Marketing is an essential part of the e-commerce equation.
Marketing is an evil science.
Marketing is an excellent choice for students who want to one day own their own businesses.
Marketing is an excellent choice.
Marketing is an exciting and diverse field.
Marketing is an exciting career.
Marketing is an exciting disciple.
Marketing is an exciting field and a key driving force in any successful business enterprise.
Marketing is an exciting field of study, encompassing a wide variety of topic areas.
Marketing is an exciting, energetic profession.
Marketing is an exciting, ever-changing field that involves a vast array of activities.
Marketing is an expanding career area within business.
Marketing is an experiential discipline requiring bold experimentation and celebration of failure.
Marketing is an extremely esoteric activity.
Marketing is an important and challenging task for all farmers and livestock producers.
Marketing is an important facet of any energy efficiency program.
Marketing is an important factor on the Internet.
Marketing is an important function of any firm since the focus is the customer .
Marketing is an integral component of real estate investment and asset management.
Marketing is an integral part of the program planning process.
Marketing is an intensive course covering a substantial volume of material.
Marketing is an interesting field with more than a few thoughtful and intelligent people.
Marketing is an internet marketing firm specializing in driving traffic to Web sites.
Marketing is an investment in future sales.
Marketing is an investment.
Marketing is an issue.
Marketing is an oft-overlooked skill that's vital for running a business.
Marketing is an on-going business task.
Marketing is an ongoing process for any company.
Marketing is an ongoing process whether it is offline or online.
Marketing is an ongoing process.
Marketing is an ordinary business expense.
Marketing is an organization's primary function, a blend of art and science.
Marketing is an organization's primary function,a blend of art and science.
Marketing is another area of cooperation that needs to be investigated.
Marketing is another big expense.
Marketing is another key.
Marketing is another major budget concern for show managers.
Marketing is another matter.
Marketing is another reason.
Marketing is as central to farming and ranching as harvesting and grazing.
Marketing is as important as having a good product.
Marketing is as much about appearance as capabilities.
Marketing is as much an art as it is a science.
Marketing is at an interesting stage.
Marketing is at present the most popular specialization area.
Marketing is at the centre of the enterprise.
Marketing is based on acquired communicative skills.
Marketing is based on two time tested principles.
Marketing is basic.
Marketing is both a science and an art form.
Marketing is both a social and managerial process.
Marketing is both an art and a science.
Marketing is both an attitude and a process.
Marketing is both necessary and expensive.
Marketing is bullshit.
Marketing is by nature a cross-disciplinary field.
Marketing is carried out to many different publics from many different units of the university.
Marketing is certainly the key as well as quality.
Marketing is characterized as dynamic and changing.
Marketing is clearly important, but can be very costly.
Marketing is combined with research and design.
Marketing is committed to the goal of over-achieving.
Marketing is communication.
Marketing is critical to success.
Marketing is critical to the success of any Internet site.
Marketing is critical.
Marketing is critically important to online retail because of the plethora of competitors.
Marketing is crucial.
Marketing is definitely their answer.
Marketing is demand management.
Marketing is designed for both college bound and non-college bound students.
Marketing is different from one culture to another.
Marketing is different from selling.
Marketing is different from underlying value.
Marketing is difficult concept to explain to people.
Marketing is discussed from functional, institutional, managerial, and strategical perspectives.
Marketing is done by private operators.
Marketing is done by the parent company from Portugal.
Marketing is done through communities of interest.
Marketing is done through print media, direct mail, fax, phone, e-mail and Internet.
Marketing is driven by customer needs.
Marketing is easier and cheaper because businesses can pool their resources.
Marketing is easy.
Marketing is emphasized.
Marketing is essential and takes substantial effort.
Marketing is essential for success.
Marketing is essential for the survival of the business.
Marketing is essential to all types of organizations.
Marketing is essential to business success.
Marketing is essential to organizations in their search for survival and growth.
Marketing is essential to survival and growth.
Marketing is essential when doing business online.
Marketing is everyone's business, regardless of title or position in the organization.
Marketing is everything but selling.
Marketing is everything the tobacco industry does to encourage the profitable use of their products.
Marketing is everything, and everything is marketing.
Marketing is everything.
Marketing is Everything.
Marketing is extremely expensive in the United States.
Marketing is extremely important.
Marketing is far from an exact science.
Marketing is far more than advertising.
Marketing is far more than tactics.
Marketing is fine.
Marketing is flexible and varied to serve a diverse population.
Marketing is form, force, and power.
Marketing is forty simultaneous, consistent, positive messages.
Marketing is fundamental to improving the image and overall use of public transportation.
Marketing is fundamental to libraries.
Marketing is generally more effective when it can be closely targeted to a well defined audience.
Marketing is generally more effective when it can be closely targeted to a well-defined audience.
Marketing is glitzy.
Marketing is hard work.
Marketing is heavily involved in the whole sales plan process.
Marketing is important for any business.
Marketing is important Marketing is a most important part of being a business.
Marketing is important Second, marketing is a crucial factor in the success or failure of a product.
Marketing is important, especially marketing abroad.
Marketing is important.
Marketing is in a state of static equilibrium.
Marketing is in trouble.
Marketing is increasingly the critical force driving today's successful businesses.
Marketing is indeed the key for bat companies.
Marketing is ineffective to the extent that it is an afterthought.
Marketing is instinctual, yes . . .
Marketing is integral part of the U.S. economic, cultural, and social fabric.
Marketing is international in scope.
Marketing is involved with the flow of goods and services from the producer to the final consumer.
Marketing is judged by the gross volume of leads produced.
Marketing is just a research tool.
Marketing is just as vital to success in the beef business as any other factor.
Marketing is key in every industry.
Marketing is key to any agricultural operation.
Marketing is key to any successful business.
Marketing is key to the campus success, since the bottom line is money.
Marketing is key to the success of any venture.
Marketing is key.
Marketing is king.
Marketing is King.
Marketing is like football.
Marketing is like the ambiance and menu at a restaurant.
Marketing is like the striker on a soccer team.
Marketing is long term, sales is short term.
Marketing is manipulation and deceit.
Marketing is minimal due to high customer interest in cable.
Marketing is more about perception than about the actual product.
Marketing is more effictive with a well rounded, consistent plan.
Marketing is more femme-savvy.
Marketing is more of a mindset than the ability to devote time to particular tasks.
Marketing is more strategy than tactics.
Marketing is more than a numbers game.
Marketing is more than advertising in the local paper.
Marketing is more than advertising, and more than selling.
Marketing is more than advertising.
Marketing is more than generating new clients or more revenue.
Marketing is more than just advertising and promotional materials.
Marketing is more than just closing that sale.
Marketing is more than just pricing.
Marketing is more than just selling and promotion.
Marketing is more than just selling or displaying goods.
Marketing is more than just selling.
Marketing is more than press releases.
Marketing is more than promotion, it's positioning, defining, and connecting.
Marketing is more than promotion.
Marketing is more than sales and advertising.
Marketing is more than sales, it's the tree from which sales are the fruit.
Marketing is more than sales.
Marketing is more than simply putting the home on the multiple listing service.
Marketing is most important.
Marketing is much more than advertising and selling.
Marketing is much more than advertising.
Marketing is much more than just marketing plans and advertising campaigns.
Marketing is much more than marcom and sales support.
Marketing is much more than selling, or advertising.
Marketing is much, much more than putting out a professional package.
Marketing is necessary for the survivability and profitability of any business.
Marketing is no different.
Marketing is no exception.
Marketing is no longer a broadcast, it's a conversation.
Marketing is no longer about exploiting the mass media.
Marketing is no longer separable from art, but a continuation and denouement.
Marketing is no longer the exclusive responsibility of the marketing department.
Marketing is no mystery.
Marketing is non-billable time.
Marketing is nothing more than an attempt at mass manipulation.
Marketing is now a major investment for the average small business.
Marketing is now adversarial conflict.
Marketing is of value to a poet, but that often at least partial supplied by someone else.
Marketing is often an important part of volunteer work.
Marketing is often the most important factor in the commercial success of software.
Marketing is often the most underestimated area in business plans.
Marketing is often the one area that entrepreneurs fail at, and freelancing is no exception.
Marketing is often the weakest point in many firms.
Marketing is one area of focus.
Marketing is one area where some companies try to cut back in lean times.
Marketing is one area where there is a wide divergence of opinion between channel partners.
Marketing is one excellent way to obtain referrals.
Marketing is one of the crucial disciplines within the broad area of business management.
Marketing is one of the final challenges and turns some producers back to conventional production.
Marketing is one of the key elements of the franchise package.
Marketing is one of the main keys to a successful program.
Marketing is one of the most important parts of the management of museums.
Marketing is one of the most visible aspects of a free society, and affects every person each day.
Marketing is one such specialism.
Marketing is only a momentary act of faith.
Marketing is only another, yet as critical.
Marketing is only as good as the marketer.
Marketing is our strength.
Marketing is part art, part science.
Marketing is part of everyone's job, from receptionist to the board of directors.
Marketing is part of public relations, but only the first half of the equation.
Marketing is part skill, part guesswork and definitely creative.
Marketing is peaceful.
Marketing is people-oriented and ever changing.
Marketing is pervasive.
Marketing is pre-selling.
Marketing is primarily limited to the company catalog, which features a Western theme.
Marketing is probably too crucial to the growth strategies to trust to an outside entity.
Marketing is product differentiation.
Marketing is recognized as a critical function of business.
Marketing is relatively new to law firms and there's a lot to do.
Marketing is relevant to everyone.
Marketing is required when doing business on the web.
Marketing is required, for decision-making and to sell the service to academics.
Marketing is research, which is certainly an area with which social workers are well-acquainted.
Marketing is seen as crucial to their success or failure.
Marketing is seen by many people as the way of doing business.
Marketing is simple, at least in concept.
Marketing is simply a tool to achieve measured results.
Marketing is simply the art establishing first-contact.
Marketing is so much more than designing cute brochures.
Marketing is something integral to everything a professional is and does.
Marketing is somewhat of a no-brainer when the object is a necessity.
Marketing is still critical, but the challenges are different.
Marketing is still king.
Marketing is still secondary.
Marketing is strategic planning, while generating sales is closer to a tactical plan.
Marketing is successful if it is memorable.
Marketing is such an exciting subject to study.
Marketing is taught by a combination of readings and broad-based cases.
Marketing is the activity that makes business work.
Marketing is the agency s management representative to the client.
Marketing is the area where farmers normally suffer in Pakistan.
Marketing is the arena where agents build credibility.
Marketing is the art of creating genuine customer value.
Marketing is the art of making people want what they never knew existed.
Marketing is the big topic of attracting customers.
Marketing is the biggest part of air duct cleaning.
Marketing is the biggest part of running an air duct cleaning company.
Marketing is the cornerstone of the free enterprise system.
Marketing is the critical key to success for xSPs of all colors.
Marketing is the development and sustaining of value in a society.
Marketing is the distinguishing unique function of the business.
Marketing is the distinguishing, the unique, function of business.
Marketing is the distinguishing, unique function of the business.
Marketing is the 'fair trade of value for value' according to the workshop presenters.
Marketing is the first step in successfully acquiring new customers.
Marketing is the first tool and the most popular.
Marketing is the foundation for a effective music campaign.
Marketing is the foundation for building a business strategy.
Marketing is the foundation from which sales are executed.
Marketing is the group that hires the most MBAs.
Marketing is the hardest challenge a business faces.
Marketing is the heart of the organization.
Marketing is the important question.
Marketing is the key for increasing productivity.
Marketing is the key to any business, large or small.
Marketing is the key to effective job searching.
Marketing is the key to making group personal lines work.
Marketing is the key to success for any business and fish farming is no exception.
Marketing is the key to success for any business, and the Internet is no different.
Marketing is the key to success or failure of any new business endeavor.
Marketing is the key to success, and marketers know that concept sells.
Marketing is the key to success.
Marketing is the key word in evey sector.
Marketing is the key.
Marketing is the last thing to slow down on.
Marketing is the main business use for the Internet right now.
Marketing is the management of exchange processes to satisfy wants and needs and relationships.
Marketing is the megaphone, and the business development people are the voice.
Marketing is the message.
Marketing is the modern form of warfare in the real world.
Marketing is the most critical part of the tree business.
Marketing is the most difficult part about coaching, or running any small business.
Marketing is the most important component of any business.
Marketing is the most important factor on the Net.
Marketing is the most important function of every new venture.
Marketing is the most tedious and gut-wrenching part of the author's job.
Marketing is the motor that powers our economy.
Marketing is the name of the game here.
Marketing is the next.
Marketing is the one aspect of business where planning is crucial.
Marketing is the only core competency here.
Marketing is the part of business that transforms production activities into financial success.
Marketing is the planned process of exercising influence on customer behavior.
Marketing is the planning, designing, pricing, promotion and distribution of goods and services.
Marketing is the problem.
Marketing is the process by which companies satisfy customer wants and needs.
Marketing is the process of meeting the demands of consumers.
Marketing is the process of meeting the needs and demands of consumers.
Marketing is the purposeful actions which bring about successful completion of goals and desires.
Marketing is the result of synergy.
Marketing is the revenue generating part of the organization.
Marketing is the same.
Marketing is the science of transaction and provides a theory of exchange.
Marketing is the set of activities that aims to satisfy the customer while making a profit.
Marketing is the strategy, sales are the tactics.
Marketing is the sum of many actions.
Marketing is the thinking part of a business .
Marketing is the toughest part of the inventing process.
Marketing is the toughest part of the small-farm profit equation to crack.
Marketing is the way a company sells products and services.
Marketing is the weekly magazine for everyone involved in the marketing of goods and services.
Marketing is the world's best game.
Marketing is time consuming.
Marketing is to sell products thus sell convenience.
Marketing is too important to be left to marketing people.
Marketing is tough, but producing a game can be even tougher.
Marketing is treated as an active, dynamic process which is motivated by basic human drives.
Marketing is ubiquitous.
Marketing is underway brochures are available.
Marketing is usually on a regional or national scale.
Marketing is very dynamic and differs greatly across the United States and internationally.
Marketing is very important aspect of selling home.
Marketing is very important for an organization.
Marketing is very important in the fast lube business.
Marketing is very powerful.
Marketing is very simple.
Marketing is viewed as an activity that pervades all hospitality decisions and actions.
Marketing is viewed as an overhead expense.
Marketing is vital for libraries.
Marketing is vital.
Marketing is war.
Marketing is warfare.
Marketing is what makes a biz grow and flourish.
Marketing is what makes money.
Marketing is what the internet is all about.
Marketing is where the firm interacts directly with the customer.
Marketing is zen.
Marketing is, after all, a conversation.
Marketing is, perhaps, the most important.
Marketing just isn t something a free agent can just purchase or delegate to someone else.
Marketing knows where the company is headed.
Marketing Learn how to generate more traffic and increase site presence.
Marketing literally drives up costs but it also tilts the history.
Marketing loves it.
Marketing maintains databases with customer information and product facts and figures.
Marketing maintains morale.
Marketing makes a good life better.
Marketing makes sense.
Marketing manages demand while public relations manages image and awareness.
Marketing means looking simultaneously at our customers and at our employees.
Marketing means selling.
Marketing means trying to convince someone to buy a product or service.
Marketing means turning simple ideas into strategy.
Marketing meets advertising With the new devices comes new lingo and new issues to face.
Marketing mix the controllable variables that the company puts together to satisfy a target group.
Marketing needs analysis with external data.
Marketing needs to be a core strength of a consumer brand company.
Marketing needs to develop implementation skills that fit with the emphasis on modularisation.
Marketing needs to keep up with technology.
Marketing needs to play a central role in helping companies come out of that dive.
Marketing needs to put together a profile for others to understand.
Marketing never fails to come out as THE most difficult area of business for most business owners.
Marketing now defines the way companies manage their business.
Marketing occurs when people decide to satisfy their needs and wants through exchange.
Marketing Offers the opportunity to sell information reports by mail.
Marketing -participate in marketing and other promotional activities.
Marketing paves the way for sales.
Marketing paves the way for Sales.
Marketing permits a great diversity of cruises.
Marketing Pick a site of interest.
Marketing plays a big part of organizing the conference.
Marketing plays a crucial role in the success of any business venture.
Marketing plays a major role in getting a new bond issue approved.
Marketing plays a major role in the success or failure of all organizations.
Marketing plays the role of intermediary between the organization and the customer.
Marketing portraits throughthe life-cycle.
Marketing prepares people to buy.
Marketing promotes the book to the sales representatives.
Marketing provides a system for a higher standard of living.
Marketing provides consistency to the message released by our organization.
Marketing provides enough challenges for three lifetimes.
Marketing provides is a full service marketing company.
Marketing Provides links to marketing resources.
Marketing provides one of the brightest career paths for rapid advancement in business.
Marketing provides the interface between the customer and the firm.
Marketing Provides the tools, techniques and framework needed to design an effective marketing plan.
Marketing ranks fourth, ahead of pre-press, information services, and other departments.
Marketing ranks very high when comparing salaries with other professions.
Marketing Reach new markets inexpensively.
Marketing really consists of two basic steps.
Marketing remains an issue difficult to sort out.
Marketing requires a business mind.
Marketing requires a good mixture of knowledge and skills.
Marketing requires discipline, patience, perseverance and expertise.
Marketing requires imagination and persistence, and familiarity with Internet services is important.
Marketing requires long hours and traveling.
Marketing requires phytosanitary certificates attesting that seed is free from blackleg.
Marketing requires seeing the whole business from the client or buyer 's point of view .
Marketing requires separate work and a distinct set of activities.
Marketing says it needs the product yesterday.
Marketing scores the goals or makes the sale.
Marketing See our marketing packages.
Marketing seeks to deliver customer satisfaction at a profit.
Marketing seems to be the toughest function of an on-line store.
Marketing sees everything in economic terms.
Marketing sells any level of quality.
Marketing sells things, whereas sports information provides the facts.
Marketing separates success from failure for many online ventures.
Marketing sets the price for all.
Marketing sets the price, and production is forced to put together a unit for that price.
Marketing shows mixed results.
Marketing shows our clients the power of Internet advertising.
Marketing skills a plus.
Marketing spends money.
Marketing starts once the product is produced.
Marketing stops when the project begins, and public relations begins when the project ends. . .
Marketing supports the sales cycle, the sales force has to do the closing.
Marketing surrounds children.
Marketing takes a higher priority.
Marketing takes a lot of time.
Marketing takes as much effort as getting the patent.
Marketing takes care of content.
Marketing takes diligence and observation.
Marketing takes good ideas and hard work.
Marketing takes many forms besides advertising.
Marketing takes place through print advertising, mailings, signs, and other methods.
Marketing takes time and money to do right, and builds up valuable brand awareness over time.
Marketing takes time but is essential.
Marketing takes time, money, and energy.
Marketing then becomes key.
Marketing thus spends time answering the same question over and over again.
Marketing truly is a wonderful thing.
Marketing turns a good idea into a profitable venture.
Marketing wants to know about traffic to the site.
Marketing works the same way.
Marketings are cattle shipped out of feedlots to a slaughter market.
Marketing always seems to beat benchmarketing when the chips are down.
Marketing often becomes a business priority only when sales are down.
Marketing often feels like a struggle.
Marketing often needs help with mail outs, or preparation for special events, for example.
Marketing often suffers a similar fate.
Marketing sometimes has bad connotations.
Marketing usually makes or breaks an album.
All marketing is cumulative.
All Marketing is there when it's time to implement.
Any marketing researches, no matter online or offline, suffers the same self-selection shortcoming.
Many marketing oriented books and businesses, the customer is deemed to be the most important.
Most marketing focuses around the 'product' and is done by developing strategic relationships.
Some marketing can create more sales at the expense of profits.
Some marketing can speed up traffic, but result in no profits.
Some marketing can speed up turnover as the expense of profits.
A marketplace is an activity
Marketplace approaches have limitations.
Marketplace changes demand a higher level of preparation from our high school graduates.
Marketplace concerns amidst the marketplace of ideas.
Marketplace examines influence of underwriting on public radio in.
Marketplaces also vary in how they process transactions.
Marketplaces are an ongoing monster change.
Marketplaces are shopping centers.
Marketplaces Click on thumbnails to get larger image.
Marketplaces come in many shapes and sizes.
Marketplaces exist where items are bartered or exchanged.
Marketplaces have the look and feel of small job fairs.
Marketplaces lure buyers with the promise of lower costs and increased efficiency.
Marketplaces Welcome to a partner who knows how to maximize metals power.
Marketplaces Welcome to a partner who knows how to maximize mining power.
Marketplaces Welcome to a partner who knows how to maximize pulp and paper power.
Some marketplaces also charge advertising and subscription fees.
A markhor is a wild goat
Markhor are potential prey for snow leopards, brown bears, lynx, jackals, and golden eagles.
Markhor are very aware of their surroundings and are on high alert for predators.
Markhor being the national animal of Pakistan is a symbol of pride and nobility.
Markhor isa goat.
Markhors are agile and nimble creatures that can climb and jump over rocky terrain with ease.
Markhors are most active during the early morning and late afternoon.
Markhors are the largest of the wild goat species.
Markhors attempt to keep away from profound snow.
Markhors eat other vegetation.
Markhors eat vegetation.
Markhors exist in areas.
Markhors graze primarily on grasses and browse on shrub leaves and twigs.
Markhors have (part) brains.
Markhors have (part) breasts.
Markhors have (part) cannon bones.
Markhors have (part) cell membranes.
Markhors have (part) cells.
Markhors have (part) chest cavities.
Markhors have (part) chests.
Markhors have (part) corpi.
Markhors have (part) cytoplasm.
Markhors have (part) ears.
Markhors have (part) faces.
Markhors have (part) heads.
Markhors have (part) hip sockets.
Markhors have (part) hoofs.
Markhors have (part) horns.
Markhors have (part) nuclei.
Markhors have (part) piluses.
Markhors have (part) plasma membranes.
Markhors have (part) rib cages.
Markhors have (part) second stomachs.
Markhors have (part) sections.
Markhors have (part) skulls.
Markhors have (part) sterna.
Markhors have (part) vacuoles.
Markhors inhabit regions.
Markhors live in the Himalayan Mountain Range around or above the tree line.
Markhors reach maturity.
Markhors reach sexual maturity.
Markhors roam terrains.
Markhors try to avoid deep snow.
Markhor often stand on their back legs to reach the top leaves of trees.
Most markhors eat other vegetation.
Most markhors eat vegetation.
Most markhors exist in areas.
Most markhors inhabit regions.
Most markhors reach maturity.
Most markhors reach sexual maturity.
Some markhors die of ailment.
Some markhors graze on grass.
Some markhors have flare horns.
Some markhors have flat horns.
Some markhors have horns.
Some markhors have twist horns.
Some markhors live in mountains.
Some markhors occupy habitats.
Some markhors take places.
Marking appears to be time related.
Marking are decoration.
Marking are designs.
Marking are evaluation.
Marking are inanimate objects.
Marking are material handling.
Marking begins forward on the left rump, near the hook bone as viewed from behind the cow.
Marking can be a sign of stress.
Marking can be cap like or mask-like, or combinations of both.
Marking follows reference chains and makes some sort of mark for each object it reaches.
Marking has no other effect.
Marking involves putting some empty value in the deck, in the place previously occupied by a card.
Marking is a common behavior among feral cat's and a common complaint of cat owners.
Marking is a great service to offer.
Marking is accomplished through urination, salivation, and anogenital dragging.
Marking is alpha-numeric and meets the most demanding marking requirements.
Marking is also very different.
Marking is an individual skill much like dribbling, trapping, heading, shooting or passing.
Marking is an onerous job and prone to error.
Marking is and always be a factor in the pavement coatings industry.
Marking is available on many of our tag styles.
Marking is by that standard.
Marking is carried out instantly and statistics are computed for an entire group of students.
Marking is compulsory.
Marking is continuous throughout the term and is entirely internal.
Marking is crossed swords with model numbers.
Marking is done to avoid errors in binding, or to identify the particular library owning the book.
Marking is fair.
Marking is good.
Marking is immediate, and feedback can be given during or at the end of the test if required.
Marking is poor.
Marking is retained until next search or session ends.
Marking is triggered by the presence of other cats.
Marking is urination on upright objects.
Marking is very time consuming.
Marking occurs locally, to an agreed common marking scheme.
Marking occurs most often during courtship.
Marking occurs when traffic enters a provider network or Web site.
Marking provides certain procedural advantages to the owner when attempting to enforce the mark.
Marking Released as no, allows the column to be hidden from the students.
Marking rows with lime or a slit in the soil made with a disk or planting machine is also helpful.
Markings also play an important part in identifying and describing different horses.
Markings alternate from side to side, adding to their readability.
Markings are a crap-shoot every time.
Markings are a rich lavender, affording a good contrast with ground color.
Markings are a rich lavender, affording good contrast with ground color.
Markings are below cab numbers.
Markings are blue.
Markings are charcoal with good contrast.
Markings are colortails, selfs, beards, baldheads and unorthodox.
Markings are distinctive at every fathom.
Markings are English.
Markings are rich lavender, affording a good contrast with ground color.
Markings are the same as on the Trapdoor rifles and the same concerns apply.
Markings are varied, and usually consist of light and dark stripes and spots.
Markings are well defined with or without mask or blaze.
Markings can be a variety of patterns from solid to spotted.
Markings can be in a variety of patterns from solid to spotted.
Markings can wash out with repeated launderings.
Markings dens black.
Markings fluoresce a brilliant blue-white and dry on any surface very quickly.
Markings generally vary with age from brightly colored bands when young to almost black when mature.
Markings have a strict standard, with detailed terminology, for showing in fancy rat pet shows .
Markings have definite and important functions in traffic control.
Markings have good color and well defined.
Markings indicate an assumed obstacle.
Markings indicate opoular formats.
Markings radiate from eye.
Markings rub off easily with a dry tissue or lint-free cloth.
Markings sound blue.
Markings vary, sometimes fine and profuse, sometimes concentrated about the larger end.
Markings whitish instead of yellow distinguish it from insignis.
Markings usually required on containers include the contract number and destinations.
All marking is anonymous.
All marking is done with a black pen or pencil only.
All markings are bold.
All markings are clear and legible.
All markings are complete and full.
All markings are crisp and clear, and the action works perfectly.
All markings are deep and bold.
All markings are in ballpoint ink.
All markings are legible and clear.
All markings are rich and symmetrical.
All markings are strong and precise.
Markovian models are a powerful tool to assess trend in vegetation change.
Markovnikov additions are additions to the carbon with the least substitutions.
Marksense systems use is on the rise.
A marksman is shot
Marksmans are films.
Marksmans are people.
Marksmans are shot.
Marksmen can get off two shots at a target in each ranged attack.
Marksmen rotate through eight curved stations from the high tower to the low, ending in the middle.
Some marksman even align the mold parting line on the ball with front sight.
Markup information can thus serve as a dramatic substitute for consumer search.
Markup language involves formatting instructions in plain-text tag commands.
Markup language is terminology
Markup language is terminology.
Markup languages allow the text and the spaces within it to be tagged with particular meanings.
Markup languages are human readable and separate structure from presentation.
Markup languages are incredibly important for the purpose of sharing information.
Markup languages describe data.
Markup languages format documents, and HTML is an example of a markup language.
Markup languages help authors and publishers organize their work by structuring the content.
Markup languages incorporate markup instructions into a stream of text.
Markup languages talk about appearance or roles.
Markup languages use tags to differentiate content from format and appearance control.
Every markup language has one.
Markup ratio is determined by dividing retail price by cost of goods.
A markup is profits
Markup commands with arguments always take a single line.
Markup consists of tags.
Markup enables the creator of a document to preserve information about parts of a document.
Markup encodes a description of the document's storage layout and logical structure.
Markups are a bit high, although there are wines in most price ranges.
Markups are also ubiquitous in the world of computers.
Markups are committee meetings on bills after the hearings have been held.
Markups are completely customizable, and can be set by vendor, client, or job task.
Markups are direction.
Markups are necessary to cover the costs of distribution and allow middlemen to make a profit.
Markups are net incomes.
Markups are the first steps for structured information exchange.
Markups vary from model to model, dealer to dealer.
Markups vary with skills tied up in products Markups vary with uniqueness of markets.
Some markup also maps to data character strings.
A marl is dirt
Marls are soft deposits of calcium carbonate and are usually very moist.
Marlboro kids have it tough, too.
Marlboro money is no good.
Marlboro participants reside in comfortable dormitories on campus and all meals are provided.
Marlies enjoys collecting art as well, especially works from regional artists.
Marlies is in charge.
A marlin is a bony fish
Marlins also multitask to optimize throughput.
Marlins are fish.
Marlins are proud and sometimes result to a bad decision due to their being stubborn.
Marlins have their bills removed and the larger fish are halved crosswise to display their flesh.
All marlin are to be photographed once tagged.
Marlow soils are nearly level to very steep soils on drumlins and uplands.
Marlow soils have a dense substratum.
Many marma points are larger than acupuncture points.
Marmalade is conserve.
Marmalade is preserves
Marmalade isa delicacy.
Marmalade isa goody.
Marmalades are similar in structure to jams.
Marmalades are soft fruit jellies containing small pieces of fruit or peel.
Marmalades are soft, transparent fruit jellies that contain small pieces of fruit or citrus peel.
Marmalades are tender, clear jellies with small pieces or slivers of fruit.
Marmalades often contain citrus fruit.
Marmoset brains exhibit diverse patterns.
Marmoset brains exhibit patterns.
Marmoset diets consist of fruit.
Most marmoset monkeys are considered to be new world monkeys.
A marmoset is a monkey
Marmoset isa monkey.
Marmosets also have a particular scent of their own, which combined with their urine smells awful.
Marmosets are a member of the primate family and are one of the smallest monkeys.
Marmosets are active during the day and live in small groups.
Marmosets are among the easiest of primates to provide with environmental enrichment.
Marmosets are among the smallest of primates.
Marmosets are among the smallest primates.
Marmosets are animals.
Marmosets are diurnal monkeys, which are active from dawn to dusk.
Marmosets are diurnal, sheltering at night in tree holes and cavities.
Marmosets are located in asses.
Marmosets are located in books.
Marmosets are located in boxs.
Marmosets are located in brazils.
Marmosets are located in burrows.
Marmosets are located in cages.
Marmosets are located in captivity.
Marmosets are located in dictionaries.
Marmosets are located in fields.
Marmosets are located in foreign countries.
Marmosets are located in groups.
Marmosets are located in mountains.
Marmosets are located in national parks.
Marmosets are located in pairs.
Marmosets are located in pants.
Marmosets are located in rain forests.
Marmosets are located in rainforests.
Marmosets are located in shopping malls.
Marmosets are located in treetops.
Marmosets are located in tropics.
Marmosets are located in water.
Marmosets are located in wildernesses.
Marmosets are located in wood.
Marmosets are much cuter than they appear in the photo, and are fascinating primates.
Marmosets are no exception.
Marmosets are primates.
Marmosets are primates.
Marmosets are quick, agile jumpers.
Marmosets are small mammals.
Marmosets are small, long-tailed monkeys.
Marmosets are smaller.
Marmosets are squirrel-size monkeys.
Marmosets are tiny South American monkeys.
Marmosets are usually docile and gentle in captivity.
Marmosets carry babies.
Marmosets defend territory.
Marmosets do have twins and galagos more than one young.
Marmosets drink fresh water.
Marmosets drink water.
Marmosets eat grasshoppers.
Marmosets eat plants.
Marmosets eat spiders.
Marmosets engage in behaviour.
Marmosets enjoy the warm climate.
Marmosets feed on flowers.
Marmosets gain access to exudates from a variety of tree species by gnawing holes in the tree bark.
Marmosets generally have triangular upper molars , and they lack the third molar found in cebids .
Marmosets have (part) brains.
Marmosets have (part) breasts.
Marmosets have (part) cell membranes.
Marmosets have (part) cells.
Marmosets have (part) chest cavities.
Marmosets have (part) chests.
Marmosets have (part) corpi.
Marmosets have (part) cytoplasm.
Marmosets have (part) ears.
Marmosets have (part) faces.
Marmosets have (part) heads.
Marmosets have (part) nuclei.
Marmosets have (part) pedal extremities.
Marmosets have (part) piluses.
Marmosets have (part) plasma membranes.
Marmosets have (part) rib cages.
Marmosets have (part) sections.
Marmosets have (part) skulls.
Marmosets have (part) sterna.
Marmosets have (part) vacuoles.
Marmosets have (part) vertebrate feet.
Marmosets have a better developed sense of smell than humans.
Marmosets have a diet of snakes, tree frogs , insects, bird eggs , fruit, and natural vegetation.
Marmosets have acute sight, good hearing, and apparently a good sense of smell.
Marmosets have ears.
Marmosets have freedom.
Marmosets have large home ranges.
Marmosets have large ranges.
Marmosets have long tails and human like hands and arms to climb trees.
Marmosets have ranges.
Marmosets have trees.
Marmosets live in family groups in the wild.
Marmosets live in pairs or families and react to separation from their mate.
Marmosets live in regions.
Marmosets live in the trees in the jungle as far north as Panama and south to Brazil.
Marmosets live in tropical or subtropical forests of South America.
Marmosets live with one mate, and the father marmoset helps take care of the children.
Marmosets mark their area by rubbing their perineum on various locations.
Marmosets prefer edge habitats.
Marmosets prefer habitats.
Marmosets raise tails.
Marmosets rely on diets.
Marmosets run and hop in trees and bushes, and are capable of leaping from branch to branch.
Marmosets run quadrupedally along horizontal branches and leaping between thin terminal supports.
Marmosets smell, they use their scent glands for communication.
Marmosets typically give birth to twins every six months.
Marmosets use sharpen teeth.
Marmosets use teeth.
Marmosets often use sex to reinforce their social bonds, as do other primates such as bonobos.
Marmosets usually give birth to twins, once or twice a year.
Most marmosets carry babies.
Most marmosets defend territory.
Most marmosets drink fresh water.
Most marmosets eat grasshoppers.
Most marmosets eat plants.
Most marmosets eat spiders.
Most marmosets engage in behaviour.
Most marmosets have ears.
Most marmosets have freedom.
Most marmosets have large home ranges.
Most marmosets have large ranges.
Most marmosets have ranges.
Most marmosets have trees.
Most marmosets live in regions.
Most marmosets raise tails.
Most marmosets rely on diets.
Most marmosets use sharpen teeth.
Most marmosets use teeth.
Some marmosets are classified as concern.
Some marmosets are classified as runners.
Some marmosets become prey.
Some marmosets develop fixed eating habits and preferences.
Some marmosets eat food.
Some marmosets eat fruit.
Some marmosets eat nectar.
Some marmosets feed on lizards.
Some marmosets have caecums.
Some marmosets have claws.
Some marmosets have coloration.
Some marmosets have holes.
Some marmosets have median stripes.
Some marmosets have nails.
Some marmosets have reflexes.
Some marmosets have residues.
Some marmosets have sharp claws.
Some marmosets have states.
Some marmosets have stripes.
Some marmosets have tails.
Some marmosets have tendencies.
Some marmosets have thumb nails.
Some marmosets have white stripes.
Some marmosets occupy forest patches.
Some marmosets occupy patches.
Some marmosets occur along coasts.
Some marmosets occur along southeast coasts.
Some marmosets reach maturity.
Some marmosets reach sexual maturity.
Some marmosets show differences.
Marmot Basin is already well known as a ski area with lots of room to move and minimal lift lines.
Marmot colonies consist of one, or more, harems, each harem defended by a territorial male.
Marmot products are warranted to be free of manufacturer or material defects.
A marmot is a mammal
Marmot can prototype nearly any idea in-house.
Marmot delivers too early.
Marmot features, very light and packable, and a great value.
Marmot is a twenty-six year old, performance outdoor products company.
Marmot isa rodent.
Marmot live in colonies, often in the boulders of large rock slides.
Marmot ranks as one of the best places in the country to ski, snowboard or telemark.
Marmot truly does offer skiing and snowboarding for everyone.
Marmots adapt to non-threatening human activities and can become fairly tame and approachable.
Marmots also like searching in dustbins.
Marmots are addictive.
Marmots are animals.
Marmots are at the summit.
Marmots are bears that have mutated as a result of exposure to high levels of radiation .
Marmots are endotherms e.
Marmots are extremely large, terrestrial squirrels, whereas most are smaller and arboreal.
Marmots are generalist herbivores.
Marmots are generally large ground squirrels.
Marmots are grayish chunky little animals that are seen along the trails.
Marmots are known for their loud whistle to communicate with fellow creatures.
Marmots are large rodents found on the rocky slopes of Alaskan mountains.
Marmots are large rodents that live in the rocks in the western U.S. mountains.
Marmots are large, stocky animals.
Marmots are little animals resembling fat squirrels.
Marmots are located in burrows.
Marmots are located in bushs.
Marmots are located in cages.
Marmots are located in cartoons.
Marmots are located in closets.
Marmots are located in countrysides.
Marmots are located in earth.
Marmots are located in encyclopedias.
Marmots are located in fields.
Marmots are located in ground.
Marmots are located in groups.
Marmots are located in hiding places.
Marmots are located in high mountains.
Marmots are located in jaspers.
Marmots are located in jungle.
Marmots are located in mountainous areas.
Marmots are located in mountainous regions.
Marmots are located in movies.
Marmots are located in nature.
Marmots are located in northern hemispheres.
Marmots are located in planes.
Marmots are located in reality.
Marmots are located in steppes.
Marmots are located in stew.
Marmots are located in trees.
Marmots are located in wildernesses.
Marmots are located in worlds.
Marmots are located in yellow pages.
Marmots are mainly diurnal and terrestrial, but they occasionally climb into shrubs and trees.
Marmots are mainly herbivorous, mainly eating greens.
Marmots are mammals.
Marmots are much bigger than ground squirrels.
Marmots are omnivores and eat grasses, flowers, insects and even bird eggs when available.
Marmots are particularly numerous.
Marmots are rodents so make sure they've got something to gnaw on to keep their teeth worn down.
Marmots are rodents, closely related to both ground squirrels and prairie dogs.
Marmots are rodents.
Marmots are social animals.
Marmots are squirrels.
Marmots are the groundhogs of the west.
Marmots are the largest members of the squirrel family.
Marmots are very social animals .
Marmots are very social animals.
Marmots are widespread in western North America.
Marmots can be very friendly at times.
Marmots choose to dig burrows under rocks because predators are less likely to see their burrow.
Marmots cope with seasonality by hibernating.
Marmots eat plants.
Marmots emerge wearing sunglasses.
Marmots feed on grass.
Marmots gain weight.
Marmots generally occupy open habitats such as steppes, alpine meadows, pastures, and forest edge.
Marmots have (part) brains.
Marmots have (part) breasts.
Marmots have (part) cell membranes.
Marmots have (part) cells.
Marmots have (part) chest cavities.
Marmots have (part) chests.
Marmots have (part) corpi.
Marmots have (part) cytoplasm.
Marmots have (part) ears.
Marmots have (part) faces.
Marmots have (part) heads.
Marmots have (part) nuclei.
Marmots have (part) pedal extremities.
Marmots have (part) piluses.
Marmots have (part) plasma membranes.
Marmots have (part) rib cages.
Marmots have (part) sections.
Marmots have (part) skulls.
Marmots have (part) sterna.
Marmots have (part) vacuoles.
Marmots have (part) vertebrate feet.
Marmots have dark brown feet.
Marmots have ears.
Marmots have feet.
Marmots have furry ears.
Marmots have it cornered.
Marmots have large beaver-like teeth, sharp claws and powerful shoulder and leg muscles for digging.
Marmots have no sense of nutrition.
Marmots have one short breeding season a year.
Marmots have ranges.
Marmots have reddish-brown fur and a yellow belly, from which they get their name.
Marmots have stout bodies, rounded ears, and powerful digging claws.
Marmots hibernate both summer and winter.
Marmots hibernate in burrows.
Marmots inhabit plains or open country in mountainous regions.
Marmots inhabiting recently logged habitats show significantly lower survival rates.
Marmots live in burrows.
Marmots live in colonies.
Marmots live in dry habitats.
Marmots live in habitats.
Marmots live in large communities in separate burrows in company with owls and rattlesnakes.
Marmots live in underground burrows.
Marmots live in underground burrows.
Marmots live on the nearby cliffs, as do beautiful snow lotus.
Marmots love dandelions and cow parsnip.
Marmots maintain a burrow system more than a yard in depth.
Marmots make holes in the ground .
Marmots make holes in the ground.
Marmots make their homes here, and mountain goats and sheep spend their summers in the rocky crags.
Marmots probably mate as soon as they emerge from their burrows.
Marmots reach sexual maturity in two years.
Marmots regulate body temperature.
Marmots regulate internal body temperature.
Marmots regulate internal temperature.
Marmots regulate temperature.
Marmots reside in alpine and subalpine areas of central Vancouver Island.
Marmots take more extreme measures to escape heat.
Marmots take more extreme measures.
Marmots tend to have a highly developed sense of place.
Marmots too go into a deep dormancy that is periodically broken.
Marmots typically live in burrows, and hibernate there through the winter.
Marmots use scent.
All marmots live in the northern hemisphere.
Most marmots die during hibernation, when they are weakest.
Most marmots eat plants.
Most marmots feed on grass.
Most marmots gain weight.
Most marmots have dark brown feet.
Most marmots have ears.
Most marmots have feet.
Most marmots have furry ears.
Most marmots have ranges.
Most marmots hibernate in burrows.
Most marmots live in burrows.
Most marmots live in colonies.
Most marmots live in dry habitats.
Most marmots live in habitats.
Most marmots live in underground burrows.
Most marmots mate before emerging from the winter den.
Most marmots regulate body temperature.
Most marmots regulate internal body temperature.
Most marmots regulate internal temperature.
Most marmots regulate temperature.
Most marmots use scent.
Some marmots develop adaptive strategies.
Some marmots develop strategies.
Some marmots develop survival strategies.
Some marmots eat seeds.
Some marmots eat shoots.
Some marmots emerge from hibernation.
Some marmots emerge in springs.
Some marmots have cheek.
Some marmots have patches.
Some marmots have seasons.
Some marmots have single breed seasons.
Some marmots have single seasons.
Some marmots inhabit mountains.
Some marmots live in areas.
Some marmots live in dry places.
Some marmots live in places.
Some marmots mark territory.
Some marmots prefer alpine meadows.
Some marmots prefer meadows.
Some marmots prefer rocky slopes.
Some marmots reach maturity.
Some marmots reach reproductive maturity.
Some marmots reach sexual maturity.
Some marmots starve to death.
Some marmots survive first years.
Some marmots survive years.
Maroon areas represent reservation lands provided for in treaty contracts with America.
Maroon bands are present in the upper part.
Maroon color enamel.
Maroon culture can be difficult for an outsider to understand.
Maroon identity remains strong and distinct in the larger fabric of Jamaican society.
Maroon leatherette covers with spotted page edges.
Maroon material is the background for beautiful pink, green, white, purple, and gold embroidery.
Maroon material is the background for beautiful purple, pink, yellow, green, and white embroidery.
Maroon material is the background for white, red, green, and gold embroidery.
Maroon stools can be either from a rapid small bowel transit or a colonic bleed.
Every Marque product is hand crafted to meet customer-driven quality specifications.
Marque is a name
Marque is people.
Marque offers a line of ambulances from a value base Commando model to highly customized ambulances.
Marques also wants to reduce state government through attrition and restructuring.
Marques appeals the summary judgment.
Marques believes it was fair criticism of a corrupt leader.
Marques can do a little bit of everything.
Marques certainly knows how to do that.
Marques figures to receive more attention in the national press than any other Washington player.
Marques is a good example of that.
Marques is a great kid.
Marques is a pirate and they gotta be free to roam the seas.
Marques is a real special athlete.
Marques is a very interesting prospect.
Marques is a winner.
Marques is an excellent songwriter and performer.
Marques is an outstanding performer in critical situations.
Marques is available for solo performances on a limited basis.
Marques is master of the team-first attitude.
Marques is no different.
Marques is single.
Marques is still the Swiss word for paper cut-outs.
Marques is twenty-eight.
Marques knows there is much unfinished business.
Marques now faces between two and eight years in prison.
Marques touches the barrier again.
A marquee is a tent
Marquee hire . . .
Marquee hire .
Marquee hire company require fitters - daily rates, possible accomm.
Marquee hire costs available on request.
Marquee select both ellipses and dupe again and move to the right side.
Marquee select the red area of the eye.
Marquee Use the Select tool to choose a rectangular, square, elliptical, or circular area.
Marquee work a speciality.
Marquees are canopies.
Marquees beam the titles of the latest shows.
Marquees beam with the titles of the latest shows.
Marquees display helpful information for visitors.
Marquees get cracked, start flaking and fade.
Marquees have a full panel overlap as their doors.
Marquees render the dialogue box unusable.
Marquees scroll key messages across the page.
A marquetry is an inlay
Marquetry is black walnut and chestnut.
Marquise cut stones have a shape like an oval with two pointed ends.
Marriage announcements are a custom that date back almost a thousand years.
All marriage arrangements are the responsibility of the bride and groom.
Marriage ceremonies are special on Rose Island.
Marriage ceremonies are very elaborate.
Marriage ceremonies differ by caste and religion.
Marriage ceremonies follow a Muslim pattern and are arranged by a mediator.
Marriage ceremony is a ritual
Some marriage ceremony takes places.
Marriage certificate is just another name for a work permit.
Marriage certificate is just another word for a work permit.
Marriage certificates are more dicey.
Marriage certificates can be even more informative.
Marriage commissioners perform civil ceremonies.
A marriage contract is a contract
Marriage contracts are the earliest written agreements to survive until the present.
Marriage contracts create a substantial dependence between the partners.
Marriage counseling can be useful.
Marriage counseling is aimed at keeping a marriage intact.
Marriage counseling is available by request.
Marriage counseling is guidance
Marriage counseling is guidance.
Marriage counseling is offered as part of the healing process.
Marriage counseling is the best solution to the problems between the victim and the batterer.
Marriage counseling is the only way.
Marriage counsellor steals a man's wife.
Marriage counselors do booming business.
Marriage education is effective in promoting marital quality and stability.
Marriage education is more like parenting education.
Marriage equality adds a right, or, more properly, acknowledges a human right that's always existed.
Marriage law is according to many legal systems a part of 'family law'.
Marriage laws affirm what already exists.
Marriage laws allow for the understanding of the married couple as full adults in our culture.
Marriage laws are the oldest laws in existence.
Marriage laws are under the exclusive jurisdiction of our state legislatures.
Marriage licence is a permit
Marriage licences are permissions to marry - an alternative to Banns.
Marriage license is a permit
Marriage license is legal forms.
Marriage license is license.
Marriage licenses are a useful source of biographical data on East Florida.
Marriage Licenses are important records for genealogists.
Marriage licenses are issued by states and the requirements vary.
Marriage licenses are legal contracts between the couple and the state.
Marriage licenses are only valid in the State of New Jersey.
Marriage licenses are very easy to obtain in New York.
Marriage licenses contain varying degrees of biographical information.
Marriage payments are to the family of the bride rather than to the brides parents.
Marriage penalties are attributable to a variety of factors.
Marriage problems are devastating to homes, to spouses, and to children.
Many marriage problems result from an unwillingness to adjust and be flexible.
Most marriage problems spill out into the larger family.
Most marriage problems stem from poor communication.
A marriage proposal is an offer
Marriage proposals go here.
Marriage rates are among the highest in Europe and divorce rates the lowest.
Marriage rates are down, and divorce rates are up, as are illegitimate births.
Marriage rates are lower.
Marriage records are also valuable sources of information.
Marriage records are available for a fee.
Marriage records are available from county clerks.
Marriage records are available to the persons named on the certificate or authorized representative.
Marriage records are available to the public.
Marriage records are cross-indexed in alphabetical order by last name.
Marriage records are in the counties.
Marriage records are in the custody of the county clerks.
Marriage records are in the office of county judge.
Marriage records are kept by the county.
Marriage records are still in progress.
Marriage records are substantially complete for most counties.
Marriage records are the courthouse records with the most clearly relevant connection to genealogy.
Marriage records are with county clerks.
Marriage records begin earlier.
Marriage records contain the names of both spouses and date of marriage.
Marriage records exist for limited time periods as well.
Marriage records give the surnames, first names and residences of the parents.
Marriage records indicate md.
Marriage records show both spouses' names and marriage date.
Marriage records tend to be older.
Marriage records vary greatly from state to state and from one time period to another.
All marriage records are a matter of public record.
Marriage therapists claim the drug can enhance couples' empathy toward each other.
Marriage therapy is usually short term and non-judgmental.
Marriage today is an intricate mix of past values and contemporary changes.
Marriage today is far more complex.
Marriage today is more about the human desire for committed intimacy that is companionship.
Marriage today is to a large extent in ruins in the secular world.
Marriage vows hold up the high idea of a sacrificing love.
A marriage is marital status
Marriage actually means two individuals love each other in heart, in body, in soul and in spirit.
Marriage affects competitive performance in male tennis players.
Marriage also appears to be viewed as a positive factor in enjoying a very long life.
Marriage also appears to promote better health.
Marriage also brings with it a tax penalty when both spouses work.
Marriage also can be important in our culture for children and legal advantages.
Marriage also contributes to the health and longevity of both husbands and wives.
Marriage also creates an advantage when adding a spouse's name to a car title, for instance.
Marriage also entails obligations of economic nature.
Marriage also exposes our sin and reveals our true character.
Marriage also implies many social expectations.
Marriage also inhibits dangerous and antisocial behavior among young adult males.
Marriage also is subject to the law of the harvest.
Marriage also plays top role.
Marriage also provides a means of orderly procreation.
Marriage apparently is the best tonic for mental health.
Marriage aspires to permanence, fidelity, and children.
Marriage based mostly on emotion or hormones rather than reason is dangerous.
Marriage becomes predictable, a kind of routine that floats like a stationary buoy on moving waters.
Marriage begins a new social unit.
Marriage begins with an agreement.
Marriage begins, O, how hopeful.
Marriage brings a return to stability.
Marriage brings in discomfort and disease.
Marriage brings music to a man's life.
Marriage brings physical satisfaction as well as emotional satisfaction.
Marriage brings stability and clarity to a relationship.
Marriage brings up a lot of issues of character and of loyalty and emotion.
Marriage builds character.
Marriage calls for business-like skills and routines.
Marriage can also be a factor in causing obesity.
Marriage can be a big part of resorts' future business.
Marriage can be a blessing dear, but so is divorce.
Marriage can be a bore, boning the same pussy, night after night after night.
Marriage can be a contract executed between the participants.
Marriage can be a difficult relationship.
Marriage can be a long road of friction points, hurts, and betrayals.
Marriage can be a temple.
Marriage can be a wonderful experience.
Marriage can be absolutely wonderful, but both parties have to be willing to work on it.
Marriage can be as stressful for someone as a divorce.
Marriage can be embarrassing.
Marriage can be hell.
Marriage can be joy.
Marriage can be the most blissful event in anyone's life.
Marriage can be the next obstacle.
Marriage can be tough.
Marriage can be wonderful with the right person.
Marriage can become a cover-up for personal inadequacies.
Marriage can only take place between one man and one woman.
Marriage can provide emotional intimacy, sexual intimacy, interdependence, and a sense of belonging.
Marriage can show how any person can be terribly small.
Marriage can stay in churches.
Marriage can take place next year.
Marriage can take place only among the faithful.
Marriage can very quickly and easily become more of a business arrangement than a place of pleasure.
Marriage cancels the accusation.
Marriage carries certain risks, as does just about every aspect of life.
Marriage carries with it a sense of excitement.
Marriage carries with it certain economic benefits, such as insurance rates and housing.
Marriage causes it.
Marriage causes more problems than it's worth, including a high divorce rate.
Marriage certainly has an essential nature , described m can.
Marriage certainly has an essential nature, described m can.
Marriage certainly has that odd effect on the memory.
Marriage challenges our capacity for emotional growth.
Marriage changes everything.
Marriage changes so many things.
Marriage changes that.
Marriage changes the rules and also the ownership of the house.
Marriage claims six of the other fourteen.
Marriage commonly occurs at young age, especially for girls.
Marriage completes half of our faith.
Marriage confers many benefits and significant financial advantages to couples.
Marriage connects people and goods that otherwise tend to fragment.
Marriage consists of three stages or levels.
Marriage constitutes emancipation of minors, both male and female.
Marriage continually needs attention and support.
Marriage continues to be essential in building a good society.
Marriage conveys vows of fidelity, life long union and love.
Marriage conveys what it signifies.
Marriage creates a being where the two become one.
Marriage creates frustration which leads to anger.
Marriage creates personal obligations that produce immense social benefits.
Marriage definitely adds a new degree of closeness in any relationship.
Marriage definitely seems to agree with some people.
Marriage demands serious communication.
Marriage does bring about change.
Marriage does foster more stable commitments of men to their children.
Marriage does represent risk for anyone.
Marriage does take work.
Marriage does work.
Marriage drops the beneficiary to the third preference category.
Marriage emancipates a minor.
Marriage ends in divorce.
Marriage ends with the death of either person.
Marriage enjoys the favor of law.
Marriage enjoys the favour of law.
Marriage entails a sacrifice.
Marriage entails intent, making known of such intent, and conformity to all applicable civil laws.
Marriage entails many rights and benefits.
Marriage even elevates the value of prayers.
Marriage extends to all of the property earned by either partner during the marriage.
Marriage fills the blank and does more.
Marriage finances How to deal with marriage finances.
Marriage forms a new unit.
Marriage forms around the begetting and educating of children.
Marriage generally reduces stress and creates better immunity in the body.
Marriage gets more and more interesting at each fork in the road.
Marriage gets such a bum wrap in our society.
Marriage gives both sexes better health, less depression and fewer other mental disorders.
Marriage gives the right to experience the bond of physical union.
Marriage goes back to the very dawn of the human race.
Marriage happens when a man and a woman decide to become husband and wife.
Marriage has a beneficial effect for both men and women, but the effect is much stronger for men.
Marriage has a divine meaning or interpretation.
Marriage has a heavenly ordination that goes beyond family bliss.
Marriage has a purpose.
Marriage has a strong protective effect.
Marriage has a unique status.
Marriage has an impact on sex.
Marriage has both a private face and a public importance.
Marriage has great symbolic as well as practical meaning.
Marriage has many benefits, one of which is that it contributes to good health.
Marriage has many emotions along with actions.
Marriage has many pains, but celibacy has no pleasures.
Marriage has no guarantees.
Marriage has no more place in efforts to achieve equality than slavery or the divine right of kings.
Marriage has no sanctity.
Marriage has no substantial qualifications.
Marriage has the beautiful effect of making spouse grow in holiness.
Marriage has to be based on something more than fluctuating human emotions.
Marriage helps cement ties between families and establish land rights.
Marriage helps in bonding mind, body, and culture.
Marriage helps to develop the hidden abilities of the spouses.
Marriage holds positive and negative legal consequences for each party.
Marriage implies union, as well in spiritual as temporal concerns.
Marriage improves men.
Marriage includes whatever comes.
Marriage increases the risk of depression for women, and decreases it for men.
Marriage indeed has a future.
Marriage inherits a portion of the grace of Eden.
Marriage inhibits male violence.
Marriage introduces the concept of daily accountability.
Marriage involves a man and a woman.
Marriage involves a public, exclusive commitment of a man and woman to one another.
Marriage involves compromise.
Marriage involves little change in roles.
Marriage involves the sacrifice of self-identity to become part of a greater whole.
Marriage involves two persons coming together for the purpose of mutual love.
Marriage is . . .
Marriage is .
Marriage is a . . .
Marriage is a basic building block in society.
Marriage is a basic building block of society and culture.
Marriage is a basic human right.
Marriage is a basic right provided for in the constitutions of both our state and our country.
Marriage is a basic right.
Marriage is a beautiful event in life.
Marriage is a beautiful thing.
Marriage is a big commitment and being an artist consumes a great deal of time.
Marriage is a big risk.
Marriage is a big step in life.
Marriage is a BIG step, a step into the unknown.
Marriage is a big step, but a very logical one,' says the blonde presenter.
Marriage is a big step.
Marriage is a binding commitment that is designed for life.
Marriage is a blessed privilege and a spiritual responsibility.
Marriage is a blessed state.
Marriage is a blessing resultant of salvation.
Marriage is a blood covenant between a man and a women.
Marriage is a blood covenant.
Marriage is a bond based on a lifelong and unconditional commitment.
Marriage is a bond of partnership for life entered into by a man and a woman.
Marriage is a bond of security.
Marriage is a bond that unites man and woman till their death.
Marriage is a bond to be entered into only after considerable thought and reflection.
Marriage is a bonding of two people and if the arrangement is unequal it is doomed.
Marriage is a career in itself.
Marriage is a ceremony to use or subvert.
Marriage is a challenge even for the strongest of Christian couples.
Marriage is a child rearing institution.
Marriage is a choice, freely made between adults.
Marriage is a choice.
Marriage is a civil contract as well as a religious one.
Marriage is a civil contract between a man and a woman.
Marriage is a civil contract between a woman and a man.
Marriage is a civil contract which the State has an interest in preserving.
Marriage is a civil contract.
Marriage is a civil relationship with important legal, economic and emotional consequences.
Marriage is a civilizing institution.
Marriage is a club.
Marriage is a commitment for life, followed by a continuing relationship.
Marriage is a commitment for life.
Marriage is a commitment of friendship and support to each other and each others' families.
Marriage is a commitment of two partners to live out their baptism in a particular way.
Marriage is a commitment to life - to the best that two people can find and bring out in each other.
Marriage is a commitment.
Marriage is a communal device invented to control and channel sexual libido.
Marriage is a companionship which involves mutual commitment and responsibility.
Marriage is a complex thing.
Marriage is a constant give and take.
Marriage is a continual learning experience where there are no experts.
Marriage is a continuous process of adjustments.
Marriage is a continuous working relationship.
Marriage is a contract between a state and a couple.
Marriage is a contract between husband, wife and the state.
Marriage is a contract between men, a formalized exchange of women as commodities.
Marriage is a contract between two people who love each other.
Marriage is a contract between two people.
Marriage is a contract that ensures the survival of the human race.
Marriage is a contract.
Marriage is a cooperative enterprise in which two individuals are seeking to become one.
Marriage is a corporation of two slaves and no masters.
Marriage is a covenant between two persons.
Marriage is a covenant in which the bride and groom publicly commit themselves to each other.
Marriage is a covenant partnership.
Marriage is a covenant relationship for life.
Marriage is a covenant.
Marriage is a cultural conduct.
Marriage is a cultural universal.
Marriage is a custom.
Marriage is a dance.
Marriage is a decision to serve one another, whether in bed or out.
Marriage is a decision to serve the other , whether in bed or out.
Marriage is a deliberate choice.
Marriage is a delicate balance.
Marriage is a desperate thing.
Marriage is a different kind of anime.
Marriage is a divine institution.
Marriage is a divine ordinance.
Marriage is a doubles game.
Marriage is a downer, a bummer, the pits.
Marriage is a duly-recognized covenant relationship entered into by a single man and a single woman.
Marriage is a dying institution.
Marriage is a fairly fragile institution.
Marriage is a fine institution, if one requires institutionalizing.
Marriage is a firm bond built upon friendship, trust, and love, true love.
Marriage is a fragile thing, an exquisite balance of power and control.
Marriage is a fraud.
Marriage is a fulltime job.
Marriage is a fundamental building block of civilization.
Marriage is a fundamental building block of the family and our society.
Marriage is a fundamental human institution that predates the law and the Constitution.
Marriage is a fundamental right.
Marriage is a fundamentally religious institution.
Marriage is a funny thing.
Marriage is a ghastly public confession of a strictly private intention.
Marriage is a gift and it is to be used in service for the Kingdom of God.
Marriage is a gift of god, given to comfort the sorrow of life and magnify the joys.
Marriage is a gift, continually giving joy, and it's something to always count on.
Marriage is a gift.
Marriage is a give and take affair.
Marriage is a good example of an exclusive kind of loyalty.
Marriage is a good place for certain straights to hide too.
Marriage is a good thing.
Marriage is a good training ground.
Marriage is a great boon for men, but it cripples the woman.
Marriage is a great institution.
Marriage is a great opportunity to learn tact.
Marriage is a growth in holiness and wholeness.
Marriage is a heterosexual institution.
Marriage is a hierarchical game played by co-equal partners.
Marriage is a hierarchical game played by co-equal persons.
Marriage is a highly recommended deed.
Marriage is a hindrance or irrelevant.
Marriage is a historical institution which has generally been bad for women.
Marriage is a joining of two hearts.
Marriage is a joy and also a tormen .
Marriage is a joy and also a torment.
Marriage is a legal and political act.
Marriage is a legal contract.
Marriage is a legal institution in order to offer protection for women and children.
Marriage is a legal relationship and a social status understood everywhere.
Marriage is a legal social contract, and as such it is governed by law.
Marriage is a legally sanctioned contract between a man and a woman.
Marriage is a lick of honey and a barrel of bitter.
Marriage is a life changing event.
Marriage is a life commitment to be kept.
Marriage is a life long commitment.
Marriage is a lifelong commitment, which the larger faith community has a responsibility to nurture.
Marriage is a lifelong commitment.
Marriage is a life-long commitment.
Marriage is a lifelong journey.
Marriage is a lifelong process, and the wedding celebration marks only one point in that journey.
Marriage is a lifelong, covenantal union.
Marriage is a lifetime commitment, but humans almost always fail to live up to expectations.
Marriage is a lifetime commitment.
Marriage is a lifetime proposition.
Marriage is a living sacrament alive with grace and blessings.
Marriage is a living, breathing organism.
Marriage is a long term commitment.
Marriage is a long time investment and two things that keeps a marriage going are sex and money.
Marriage is a long-term commitment.
Marriage is a lot of work.
Marriage is a lottery in which men stake their liberty and women their happiness.
Marriage is a lottery.
Marriage is a love story.
Marriage is a major commitment and a new adventure in life for most people.
Marriage is a major commitment in Hinduism.
Marriage is a matter merely of offer and acceptance ratified by a feast.
Marriage is a matter of give and take.
Marriage is a microcosm for Indian society as a whole.
Marriage is a ministry.
Marriage is a Mitzvah.
Marriage is a most divine act.
Marriage is a most important decision of a lifetime.
Marriage is a mutual complete giving and receiving of persons.
Marriage is a natural institution that predates government.
Marriage is a necessity of our nature, both moral and physical.
Marriage is a oneness that can only be achieved when complementary parts are joined.
Marriage is a partnership - a sacred partnership.
Marriage is a partnership of love, trust and mutual respect between two people.
Marriage is a partnership so an important issue in divorce is division of marital assets.
Marriage is a partnership where there is mutual understanding and likemindedness.
Marriage is a partnership with a contract.
Marriage is a partnership, and if one partner keeps secrets, then it becomes an uneven partnership.
Marriage is a partnership, and so is taking out the trash.
Marriage is a partnership.
Marriage Is a Partnership.
Marriage is a patriarchical, heterosexist institution.
Marriage is a percieved bond between two adults.
Marriage is a perfect institution comprised of imperfect people.
Marriage is a personal extension of love.
Marriage is a personal matter.
Marriage is a personal partnership based upon love, trust and a mutuality of interest and benefit.
Marriage is a physical union but a divine institution.
Marriage is a place surely surely.
Marriage is a possibility, but they've both got baggage to unpack.
Marriage is a precious spiritual gift.
Marriage is a prevalent theme in the songs on the album.
Marriage is a prison.
Marriage is a private union that has become a political issue.
Marriage is a privilege granted by state governments to whoever they choose.
Marriage is a privilege.
Marriage is a product of love and commitment.
Marriage is a property contract hanging over from the days of women and children as property.
Marriage is a protective shield against immorality.
Marriage is a public commitment.
Marriage is a public, life-long, exclusive, loving commitment of a man and woman to one another.
Marriage is a punishment for shoplifting in some countries.
Marriage is a really big goal.
Marriage is a realtionship of two people who Love each other.
Marriage is a relationship between one man and one woman to the exclusion of all others.
Marriage is a relationship between one man and one woman, dissoluble only by death.
Marriage is a relationship in which anger is very evident and destructive.
Marriage is a relationship that demands that the spouses warm each other's hearts.
Marriage is a relationship.
Marriage is a religious ceremony.
Marriage is a religious institution.
Marriage Is a religious sacrament and an indispensable institution.
Marriage is a religious term.
Marriage is a rest period between romances.
Marriage is a risky business.
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
Marriage is a romance where the hero dies in the first chapter.
Marriage is a romantic affair, but it is also a legal and binding contract.
Marriage is a room in which there is no exit except the door that is marked Death.
Marriage is a sacrament of faith.
Marriage is a sacred act that the church takes very seriously.
Marriage is a sacred and most serious undertaking.
Marriage is a sacred institution of the Bible.
Marriage is a sacred institution that unites two soulmates.
Marriage is a sacred relationship entered into for purposes that are well recognized.
Marriage is a sacred relationship.
Marriage is a sacred union in the Indian culture.
Marriage is a scam, it's true.
Marriage is a scheme to accomplish exactly that same end.
Marriage is a school of love.
Marriage is a separate calling from the priesthood or religious life.
Marriage is a series of lessons and challenges.
Marriage is a series of vows taken to guarantee one has a reason to exist.
Marriage is a serious business.
Marriage is a serious matter that ends at death.
Marriage is a serious matter.
Marriage is a serious step, and requires the right attitude.
Marriage is a serious step.
Marriage is a sexual relationship.
Marriage is a shared thing amougst couples.
Marriage is a shelter for the well-being and happiness of several generations.
Marriage is a sin to be taxed.
Marriage is a social and civil act.
Marriage is a social institution which varies widely over time, place, culture.
Marriage is a social, legal, and religious ceremony, a union of mind, heart, body, and soul.
Marriage is a solemn contract, and the basis of a stable family and society.
Marriage is a solemn union between two loving people, nothing less and nothing more.
Marriage is a special label.
Marriage is a special relationship.
Marriage is a spiritual commitment which last for as long as the two live.
Marriage is a spiritual reality.
Marriage is a state of continual self-giving, just like the priesthood.
Marriage is a state of mutual obligations.
Marriage is a strong possibility.
Marriage is a strong safety factor for women.
Marriage is a strongly socially sanctioned institution.
Marriage is a struggle of wills.
Marriage is a struggle, but it's been worth it.
Marriage is a subject that has immediate application to a large portion of the population.
Marriage is a sublime vocation.
Marriage is a symbolic state that is life-long unity between man and woman.
Marriage is a team effort.
Marriage is a tedious proposition for women.
Marriage is a thing which puts a ring in a woman's finger and two under the man's eyes.
Marriage is a thing which puts a ring on a woman's finger and two under the man's eyes.
Marriage is a thing which puts a ring on a woman's finger, and two under the man's eyes.
Marriage is a time of acute grief to the bride's mother.
Marriage is a total commitment of two people to one another for life.
Marriage is a tough gig.
Marriage is a tremendous peril for women.
Marriage is a trust, a foundation upon which a family is built.
Marriage is a two way street.
Marriage is a union between a male and a female.
Marriage is a union in spirit, soul and body.
Marriage is a union which, like all Sacraments, has two aspects - one physical, the other spiritual.
Marriage is a union.
Marriage is a uniquely comprehensive union.
Marriage is a uniquely fertile ground for fighting infestations to develop .
Marriage is a uniquely fertile ground for fighting infestations to develop.
Marriage is a uniting of two people at every level.
Marriage is a uniting of two spirit beings.
Marriage is a valued and important ceremony the world over, in virtually all religions and cultures.
Marriage is a very important part of creation.
Marriage is a very special relationship.
Marriage is a vessel for nurturing the growth and development of two individuals over time.
Marriage is a vital subject of the Bible.
Marriage is a vocation that lasts until death.
Marriage is a whole different story.
Marriage is a woman's proper goal.
Marriage is a wonderful institution.
Marriage is a wonderful thing.
Marriage is about a long term relationship between two people.
Marriage is about as popular as ever.
Marriage is about being in love.
Marriage is about building families.
Marriage is about commitment.
Marriage is about communication and trust.
Marriage is about companionship, love, compromise, responsibility, and of course, good sex.
Marriage is about comprimise.
Marriage is about compromise.
Marriage is about compromises - a spirit of give and take.
Marriage is about doing things together.
Marriage is about family, and family about fellowship.
Marriage is about growing together spiritually and advancing the kingdom of the heavens.
Marriage is about loss of control.
Marriage is about love and major self-sacrifice.
Marriage is about love.
Marriage is about meeting one another's needs.
Marriage is about sharing.
Marriage is about taking care of each other .
Marriage is about two becoming one.
Marriage is about two people coming together to love and support each other.
Marriage is actually a church, it is more than being a partnership.
Marriage is alive and well.
Marriage is all about commitment and belonging.
Marriage is all about mutuality.
Marriage is all about the generation and fostering of human life.
Marriage is also a badge of citizenship.
Marriage is also a contract.
Marriage is also a means whereby society attempts to distribute wealth in an orderly manner.
Marriage is also a necessity.
Marriage is also a school of forgiveness.
Marriage is also about ambivalence.
Marriage is also important.
Marriage is also instant.
Marriage is also much more equal under the law. . . .
Marriage is also the union of a man and a woman.
Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.
Marriage is always a step of faith.
Marriage is among the most portable of institutions.
Marriage is an absolute defense.
Marriage is an act purely civil, and authorized by the government.
Marriage is an art of sacrifice.
Marriage is an artificial construct of society.
Marriage is an asset for presidential candidates of either sex.
Marriage is an attempt to change a night owl into a homing pigeon.
Marriage is an automatic act of emancipation.
Marriage is an earthly echo of that divine-plane relationship.
Marriage is an earthly vocation.
Marriage is an economic partnership.
Marriage is an enduring covenant between one man and one woman.
Marriage is an entire union of man and woman.
Marriage is an equal partnership.
Marriage is an essential ingredient of the creation.
Marriage is an essential part of the Islamic way of life.
Marriage is an excellent thing, after all.
Marriage is an exchange.
Marriage is an exclusive bond.
Marriage is an exclusive relationship.
Marriage is an exclusive, lifelong union.
Marriage is an expensive way to have free sex.
Marriage is an experience.
Marriage is an expression of embodied grace.
Marriage is an important institution among all Punjabi religious groups.
Marriage is an important institution.
Marriage is an important part of our lives, our families and our future.
Marriage is an important personal choice and a basic human right.
Marriage is an important right of passage in our society.
Marriage is an important step in a relationship and they have taken that step.
Marriage is an inner door that only a partner has the key to.
Marriage is an insitution.
Marriage is an institute of compromises.
Marriage is an institution known in all cultures in all times.
Marriage is an institution of oppression against women and children.
Marriage is an institution structured by societies.
Marriage is an institution that has roles as husband and wife.
Marriage is an institution that is historically filled with restrictions.
Marriage is an institution that is under attack.
Marriage is an institution that means nothing.
Marriage is an institution that reflects the values of the society that supports it.
Marriage is an institution, a union between a man and a woman, has been for thousands of years.
Marriage is an institution, but who wants to live in an institution.
Marriage is an institution.
Marriage is an instrument of progress in that sense .
Marriage is an integral part of family formation.
Marriage is an irreversible act of emancipation.
Marriage is an obvious example.
Marriage is an occasion for presenting the new family with gifts by relatives and friends.
Marriage is an ongoing process that requires attention, effort, and compromise.
Marriage is an on-going process.
Marriage is an opportunity to experience profound personal growth.
Marriage is an outdated institution.
Marriage is an outward and visible sign of that inward and spiritual grace.
Marriage is an unbreakable lifetime contract to the believer.
Marriage is an unconditional committment of life for life, good or bad, no exceptions.
Marriage is and has been defined as a specific union between one man and one woman.
Marriage is another matter.
Marriage is another point of contention.
Marriage is arranged by the two fathers.
Marriage is associated with a significantly low suicide rate.
Marriage is associated with farm ownership, land quality and male literacy.
Marriage is at bottom a mutual agreement between two individuals.
Marriage is at the same time a religious and a demographic event, at least today.
Marriage is available only to citizens and legal residents of the Netherlands.
Marriage is Back.
Marriage is based on an emotional relationship.
Marriage is based on commitment.
Marriage is based on the free consent of a woman and a man.
Marriage is beautiful, fulfilling and difficult.
Marriage is better than adultery.
Marriage is better.
Marriage is between a man and a woman, end of story.
Marriage is between a man and a woman, plain and simple.
Marriage is between a man and a woman.
Marriage is between consenting adults.
Marriage is between one man and one woman for life.
Marriage is between one man and one woman.
Marriage is between the two individuals.
Marriage is bliss.
Marriage is both a private and public reality.
Marriage is both a private contract and a religious ceremony.
Marriage is brilliant.
Marriage is built on love, commitment, and trust.
Marriage is but slavery made to appear civilized.
Marriage is by default a condition of mutual agreement.
Marriage is by definition between people of opposite sexes.
Marriage is by no means a static and unchanging institution.
Marriage is by purchase.
Marriage is celebrated at a feast of the two houses.
Marriage is celebrated in the closing credits.
Marriage is central to community life and it involves property and inheritance rights.
Marriage is clear.
Marriage is combination of the love and sex.
Marriage is commitment.
Marriage is complicated, and sticky with hurt and disappointment.
Marriage is compulsion, obligation.
Marriage is conditional upon the consent of both parties and their parents.
Marriage is considered a necessary part of life, and almost all adults marry.
Marriage is considered a secular contract having both economic and political importance.
Marriage is considered a virtue, and physical cleanliness is valued highly.
Marriage is considered as a bond.
Marriage is considered more of a union between two families than between two individuals.
Marriage is considered the most important thing in the life of a typical Nigerian girl.
Marriage is considered the natural state of Jewish life, and necessary for personal fulfillment.
Marriage is contracted early in life.
Marriage is convenient, nothing else.
Marriage is death as a single person.
Marriage is death to independent living .
Marriage is dedication.
Marriage is deemed as old fashioned as co-habitation becomes the normal relationship.
Marriage is defined by an unfailing commitment to another human being.
Marriage is definitely a bargain.
Marriage is definitely a healthy thing.
Marriage is demoted from a uniquely honored relation to just another relationship.
Marriage is depicted more as a convenience than as a commitment.
Marriage is depicted negatively.
Marriage is designed to be for life.
Marriage is desired.
Marriage is destiny.
Marriage is different.
Marriage is difficult, period.
Marriage is difficult.
Marriage is discussed, and also differences in speech and race.
Marriage is disruptive of the monotheistic isolation of the new god, man as the subject and center.
Marriage is divine but also practical.
Marriage is either kill or cure.
Marriage is entered into by signing a book in a church or registry office.
Marriage is essential to civilization.
Marriage is essentially an inseparable union, both spiritual and carnal, of two beings.
Marriage is ever-evolving.
Marriage is evolutionary.
Marriage is far from vague.
Marriage is far more than just an intense emotional experience of love.
Marriage is far more than just an intense experience of love.
Marriage is far off.
Marriage is first and foremost about love.
Marriage is first.
Marriage is followed by a trial period before the bride price is paid.
Marriage is for life - one man, one woman, till death.
Marriage is for life, even if the couple is unhappy.
Marriage is for life.
Marriage IS for life.
Marriage is for love and because of love.
Marriage is for more than an exchange of vows.
Marriage is for one man and one woman only.
Marriage is for people who are capable of making an adult commitment.
Marriage is for procreation or child-raising.
Marriage is for the comfort, training, and security of children.
Marriage is for the State simply a licence to two citizens to beget children.
Marriage is forbidden within the same lineage.
Marriage is forever.
Marriage is founded on sincerity and understanding which leads to tolerance, confidence and trust.
Marriage is founded upon love, begun in commitment, and fulfilled in faithfulness.
Marriage is fraught with peril.
Marriage is frequently the biggest challenge they've ever encountered.
Marriage is full of new experiences, even for the old pros.
Marriage is full of vigorous work.
Marriage is fun when communication works.
Marriage is fundamentally a faith-based institution being encouraged and enforced by the state.
Marriage is fundamentally a reproductive union.
Marriage is generally a mere matter of self-pleasing.
Marriage is give and take.
Marriage is given great importance in a Parsi's life.
Marriage is good for children Children do best when they grow up in married, two-parent families.
Marriage is good for children.
Marriage is good for everyone.
Marriage is good for society.
Marriage is good for the economy.
Marriage is good for the individual, good for the children, and good for society.
Marriage is good.
Marriage is great.
Marriage is grounded in the very nature of creation.
Marriage is growth.
Marriage is happy and long lasting.
Marriage is hard enough without enduring a major tax increase the first year.
Marriage is hard for anyone, but especially for celebrities it seems.
Marriage is hard work, and our expectations for happiness are nearly impossible.
Marriage is hard work, daily hard work.
Marriage is hard work.
Marriage is hard, getting divorced and dealing with the children after a break is too.
Marriage is healthier.
Marriage is held in high regard and much effort is given to help build and strengthen it.
Marriage is hell.
Marriage is Highly Recommended.
Marriage is holy because it separates the couple from the rest of the world.
Marriage is holy because true marriage is based on love.
Marriage is honorable and holy.
Marriage is honorable and is meant for a man and woman.
Marriage is honorable and let the bed be undefiled.
Marriage is honorable in all. . . .
Marriage is honorable in all.
Marriage is honorable, and the bed undefiled.
Marriage is honourable and good for all.
Marriage is honourable in all.
Marriage is hypothesized to act as either a selective or protective factor in health.
Marriage is important because it is the road to finding love.
Marriage is important in a Muslim culture and Turkish Cypriot girls usually marry at a young age.
Marriage is in . . .
Marriage is in crisis.
Marriage is in decline.
Marriage is in deep trouble.
Marriage is in the air for bachelors with some one from past.
Marriage is in the air.
Marriage is in the best interests of society generally, and of women and children in particular.
Marriage is in trouble, especially in low-income communities.
Marriage is 'incarnation'.
Marriage is indissoluble, even in cases of adultery.
Marriage is indissoluble.
Marriage is infinitely more than sex.
Marriage is inherently a sexual relationship in that it is the union of the two sexes.
Marriage is inherently a unique relationship between a man and a woman.
Marriage is initiated by the private betrothal pledge.
Marriage is intended to be a life-long committment.
Marriage is intended to be a life-long proposition.
Marriage is intended to be lifelong union.
Marriage is interdependent, mutually submissive, transparent.
Marriage is intrinsically good.
Marriage is just another relationship.
Marriage is just two people's commitment to torture only each other for the rest of their lives.
Marriage is largely a gamble for most people.
Marriage is largely a worldly event.
Marriage is legal.
Marriage is legalized servitude.
Marriage is less central.
Marriage is like a bank account.
Marriage is like a barter trade.
Marriage is like a besieged castle.
Marriage is like a castle in siege.
Marriage is like a dance, each partner making a contribution.
Marriage is like a doughnut.
Marriage is like a hot bath.
Marriage is like a mousetrap.
Marriage is like a piano.
Marriage is like a pressure cooker.
Marriage is like a skyscraper with each floor representing a specific aspect of the relationship.
Marriage is like a violin.
Marriage is like a warm bath.
Marriage is like deciding to have a child, it is something that is unbelievably private.
Marriage is like drugs.
Marriage is like long banquet with the dessert served first.
Marriage is like that.
Marriage is like the Middle East.
Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning hand springs or eating with chopsticks.
Marriage is like wine.
Marriage is likely next year.
Marriage is lonelier than solitude.
Marriage is long term prostitution and prostitution is short term marriage.
Marriage is love.
Marriage is magical.
Marriage is many things on many levels, but to the state it's just a legally binding contract.
Marriage is marriage.
Marriage is meaningless except in so far as there is a public face to it.
Marriage is meant to be a permanent bond, a lasting relationship.
Marriage is meant to be both loving and lasting.
Marriage is meant to be inclusive regardless of sexual orientation.
Marriage is meant to help the couple grow in holiness.
Marriage is moral only between mixed-gender couples.
Marriage is more a family than a personal affair and a civil contract rather than a religious act.
Marriage is more important than riches or prestige.
Marriage is more inviting than the bringing together of two heaps.
Marriage is more like a canoe than a cruise ship.
Marriage is more risky than mountain climbing, more risky than sky diving.
Marriage is more than a ceremony.
Marriage is more than a contract between two people.
Marriage is more than a partnership and more than companionship, though both are important.
Marriage is more than a piece of paper.
Marriage is more than an emotional commitment, however.
Marriage is more than an emotional partnership, it's a financial one as well.
Marriage is more than an exchange of vows.
Marriage is more than insurance and pension benefits.
Marriage is more than it appears.
Marriage is more than just having kids and raising a family.
Marriage is more than just love.
Marriage is more than meets the eye.
Marriage is more than romantic arrangement.
Marriage is more than sex, it's about morals and values, and committment.
Marriage is more than sharing a bed and a checkbook.
Marriage is more than verbal communication.
Marriage is most stable in Italy, where less than one in ten calls it quits.
Marriage is mostly for insecure people who feel a piece of paper provides security.
Marriage is much like communism, it works best in theory.
Marriage is much more than a relationship sanctioned by law.
Marriage is much more than a universally accepted social institution.
Marriage is much more than just a social contract a.
Marriage is much more than merely a commitment to love one another.
Marriage is natural.
Marriage is necessary, and with marriage comes servitude.
Marriage is negotiating differences - there are limited rights and wrongs.
Marriage is neither an ideal nor a sacrament but is a covenant.
Marriage is never easy.
Marriage is no doubt a binding relationship.
Marriage is no exception.
Marriage is no joke.
Marriage is no longer a dependable lifetime career.
Marriage is no longer a life time partnership.
Marriage is no longer as attractive to men.
Marriage is no longer the be all and end all of our dreams.
Marriage is no longer the shaper of the destiny of women.
Marriage is no longer the universal aspiration nor the bedrock of society it once was.
Marriage is no longer the viable socioeconomic institution that it used to be.
Marriage is now primarily an economic and emotional relationship, the thinking goes.
Marriage is now, as it has always been, hard work.
Marriage is often across cultural and religious differences.
Marriage is often hard work, and means changing to fit in with the other person.
Marriage is often the best route to permanent residency for immigrants.
Marriage is on the cards - and children, too.
Marriage is one central example.
Marriage is one long conversation, checkered with disputes.
Marriage is one of society's bedrock institutions.
Marriage is one of the 'basic civil rights of man,' fundamental to our very existence and survival.
Marriage is one of the chief causes of divorce.
Marriage is one of the greatest turning points in anyone's life.
Marriage is one of the most central institutions in human societies.
Marriage is one of the most sacred institutions of our society.
Marriage is one of the most significant relationships.
Marriage is one of the underpinnings of society.
Marriage is one of the ways by which human emotions are controlled.
Marriage is only between a man and a woman, according to the dictionaries.
Marriage is only possible between a man and a woman.
Marriage is only possible when it becomes a cover for dubious relations.
Marriage is open to our critique.
Marriage is our last best chance to grow up.
Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up.
Marriage is our single greatest institution, yet it has almost totally disintegrated.
Marriage is out.
Marriage is particularly important for tax reasons at retirement.
Marriage is patriarchal.
Marriage is perhaps the most conservative of all social institutions.
Marriage is permanent unless it was incestuous.
Marriage is permanent.
Marriage is personal and private.
Marriage is political, inevitably so, too often viciously so.
Marriage is popular because it combines the maximum of temptation with the maximum of opportunity.
Marriage is portable.
Marriage is portrayed realistically, with problems to be faced together and hardships to endure.
Marriage is possible only for priests in the Eastern Rites.
Marriage is possible to someone with a love for the outdoors, or an interest in sporting activities.
Marriage is possible.
Marriage is powerful.
Marriage is presently available only to one man and one woman.
Marriage is primarily about spiritual growth.
Marriage is public and formal, whereas cohabitation is private.
Marriage is really a drastic course of action.
Marriage is really a pretty good analogy.
Marriage is really good economically.
Marriage is reciprocity, compromise and mutual support.
Marriage is recorded in the county of Franklin Ohio.
Marriage is regulated by individual states.
Marriage is related to real feelings of love, understanding, and respect for the beloved.
Marriage is remarkably convenient.
Marriage is rewarding.
Marriage is sacred and the wedding is an act of worship.
Marriage is sacred because it's been around for ages.
Marriage is sacred.
Marriage is said to confer grace.
Marriage is scary to both ladies and men .
Marriage is scary.
Marriage is seen as twofold.
Marriage is seen to stabilize and calm the wild nature of men.
Marriage is serious business.
Marriage is similar.
Marriage is simple if there are no impediments.
Marriage is so lonely.
Marriage is so much more than feeling, infatuation, and romanticizing.
Marriage is so much more than that.
Marriage is something greater than a contact, for it involves also a sacrifice.
Marriage is something sacred, to be shared between two people.
Marriage is something that involves the family of both the bride and the groom.
Marriage is something that suppose to bond two people together, to love and cherish one another.
Marriage is somewhat like adoptions in Hollywood.
Marriage is still a bargain in King County.
Marriage is still popular.
Marriage is still the overwhelming venue of the first sexual experience for women.
Marriage is supposed to be a partnership.
Marriage is supposed to be a wonderful thing that a person looks forward to.
Marriage is taken very seriously here.
Marriage is the aftermath of love.
Marriage is the backbone a strong society.
Marriage is the backbone of a strong society.
Marriage is the basic building block of society.
Marriage is the basis of our society, one man and one woman in a committed relationship.
Marriage is the basis of the home, the basis of male and female relationship.
Marriage is the bedrock of our civilization.
Marriage is the best life-style for most people.
Marriage is the best means for the protection of our chastity.
Marriage is the best way for a couple to come together in love for life and for children.
Marriage is the best, most obvious way to keep people off welfare.
Marriage is the binding, both legally and spiritually, of two individuals into one unit.
Marriage is the bitter and sweet of life inextricably mingled.
Marriage is the blending of two different family cultures.
Marriage is the blending of two family cultures.
Marriage is the bringing together of one man and one woman.
Marriage is the bringing together of the two sexes.
Marriage is the celebration of conversation.
Marriage is the chief cause of divorce.
Marriage is the citadel.
Marriage is the clasping of hands, the blending of hearts, the union of two lives as one.
Marriage is the closest communion that can possibly exist between two people.
Marriage is the closest of all human partnerships.
Marriage is the context and the relation in which sexuality is to be expressed.
Marriage is the covenant of companionship.
Marriage is the culmination of that gift.
Marriage is the death of hope.
Marriage is the denouement of the storyline.
Marriage is the essential basis of the family and rests on equality of the rights of spouses.
Marriage is the eye-opener.
Marriage is the first and holiest institution among men.
Marriage is the first step in creating a Jewish family.
Marriage is the foundation of a successful society.
Marriage is the foundation of our civilization.
Marriage is the foundation of the family and preserves the well being of society.
Marriage is the foundation of the family unit.
Marriage is the fundamental building block of all human civilization.
Marriage is the fused intersection of love's sanctity and necessity's demand.
Marriage is the glue of all civilizations.
Marriage is the greatest blessing, but it s constantly shown in a negative light in the world.
Marriage is the highest form of commitment a man can make with a woman.
Marriage is the holy reality of two becoming one.
Marriage is the incarnation of eros, the body of love.
Marriage is the institution that is the foundation of the family and of society.
Marriage is the joining of an unmarried man with an unmarried woman to form a home of their own.
Marriage is the joining of husband and wife in holy matrimony.
Marriage is the last step of personal evolution.
Marriage is the leading cause of divorce in America.
Marriage is the legal union of two people.
Marriage is the legal, publicly witnessed and binding commitment between a man and a woman.
Marriage is the main cause of divorce.
Marriage is the major example.
Marriage is the means for melding the two sexes into a stronger and more complete whole.
Marriage is the merger of two separate individuals into a union dedicated for their common good.
Marriage is the moral context for sex.
Marriage is the most beautiful, fundamental and complex human relationship.
Marriage is the most difficult career.
Marriage is the most difficult profession on earth, besides raising children.
Marriage is the most important of all earthly relationships.
Marriage is the most important one since it is entirely voluntary.
Marriage is the most important social institution in society.
Marriage is the most intimate bond two people can enter into.
Marriage is the most unnatural act, yet the most honorable.
Marriage is the most wonderful institution.
Marriage is the mourning after the knot before.
Marriage is the natural and best means for the propagation of the human race.
Marriage is the next important event in person s life .
Marriage is the next important event in person's life .
Marriage is the number one cause of stress and stress related deaths and adultery.
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
Marriage is the only proper and healthy place for sexual love.
Marriage is the only proper setting for sexual intimacy.
Marriage is the penalty.
Marriage is the perfection which love aimed at, ignorant of what it sought.
Marriage is the physical and spiritual union of two people.
Marriage is the playground for the blind.
Marriage is the preserver of the human race.
Marriage is the principle of sexual morality.
Marriage is the proper remedy.
Marriage is the proper Remedy.
Marriage is the public recognition of life-long commitment between two people.
Marriage is the real issue.
Marriage is the remedy for that.
Marriage is the sacrament which joins two people together in a special bond of love.
Marriage is the sole cause of divorce.
Marriage is the ticket of admission to true adulthood.
Marriage is the time of greatest giving for people in all cultures anywhere in the world.
Marriage is the time to establish a whole new set of friends.
Marriage is the tomb of trust and love.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Marriage is the ultimate acknowledgment of two people's commitment and love for each other.
Marriage is the ultimate commitment to another person.
Marriage is the ultimate union of two people and sex is the physical expression of that.
Marriage is the union between a woman and a man as recognized by the state.
Marriage is the union between one man and one woman.
Marriage is the union of a man and a woman.
Marriage is the union of man and woman for life.
Marriage is the union of man and woman.
Marriage is the union that brings children into a family and perpetuates the human race.
Marriage is the uniting of one man and one woman in covenant commitment for a lifetime.
Marriage is the uniting of two souls that are already attuned to each other.
Marriage is the unity of one man and one woman in covenant commitment for a lifetime.
Marriage is the well-spring and incubator of new life.
Marriage is then a contract between two families.
Marriage is thought to be well reported.
Marriage is thus a personal relationship that serves a public purpose in a political community.
Marriage is thus a relationship between families, as well as individuals.
Marriage is thus an index of women's status.
Marriage is to be a unity between two people who love each other.
Marriage is to be an exclusive relationship .
Marriage is to be an exclusive relationship that is maintained in purity.
Marriage is to be characterized by mutual love, faithfulness and submission.
Marriage is to be entered into responsibly and prayerfully.
Marriage is to be for an eternity.
Marriage is to be honored.
Marriage is to be revered and all immorality avoided.
Marriage is to be the most fulfilling of all human relationships.
Marriage is to fulfill the sexual desires of men and women.
Marriage is to have children, to show kindness towards one another and to have a companion in life.
Marriage is to perpetuate the human race.
Marriage is too serious to be fun.
Marriage is tough enough.
Marriage is tough stuff, and everyone needs a helping hand once in a while.
Marriage is tough, but divorce is worse.
Marriage is tough.
Marriage is truly a divine relationship.
Marriage is truly a landmark book.
Marriage is truly the foundation of culture and civilization.
Marriage is under a tremendous assault in our culture today.
Marriage is understood as a partnership of the whole life of a man and a woman.
Marriage is undoubtedly a failure in the case of the stage heroine.
Marriage is unfair to men.
Marriage is union of two families.
Marriage is universal and is contracted at young ages.
Marriage is universal.
Marriage is unquestionably good for individuals and society.
Marriage is up.
Marriage is upheld as the Scriptural place for expressions of sexuality.
Marriage is used here to symbolise the patriarchal social order supposedly left behind on dry land.
Marriage is used to strengthen kinship ties and is more a family than an individual concern.
Marriage is usually a costly affair.
Marriage is usually outside the lineage.
Marriage is usually within the hamlet, too.
Marriage is very different for different people.
Marriage is very difficult to avoid, unless one defines as a lesbian at an early age.
Marriage is very important.
Marriage is very much like having lunch with a friend.
Marriage is very similar to the map of the world.
Marriage is very similar.
Marriage is viewed as a social contract between two people and their families.
Marriage is viewed as something to be avoided at all costs.
Marriage is vitally important to most committed couples.
Marriage is well on the way to becoming a failed institution.
Marriage is what married people do.
Marriage is where the best sex is.
Marriage is with a non-relative.
Marriage is with members of another clan and early marriage is common.
Marriage is wonderful when it works.
Marriage is wonderful.
Marriage is work that continually renews their hearts.
Marriage is work, sir.
Marriage is work.
Marriage is worth the risk in a world where divorce claims one out of two marriages.
Marriage is worth the struggle to become more than a statistic.
Marriage is, after all, a union of equals.
Marriage is, after all, about far more than that.
Marriage is, after all, just a bit of paper .
Marriage is, after all, just a 'piece of paper'.
Marriage is, after all, tribal.
Marriage is, among other things, about total inclusion and absolute fidelity.
Marriage is, by design and agreement, for the long run.
Marriage is, of all human arrangements, the chanciest.
Marriage is, therefore, wholly indispensable to the highest well being of the race.
Marriage is. . .
Marriage isa status.
Marriage isnt a joy ride.
Marriage lasts until one spouse dies.
Marriage Make arrangements with the pastor at least six month prior.
Marriage makes a difference Of course, there's an exception to that rule, too.
Marriage makes a person more mature.
Marriage makes institutional provisions for a preferred method of producing and nurturing children.
Marriage makes man wiser and more virtuous.
Marriage makes men happier, but women more depressed.
Marriage makes two people one.
Marriage marks the dividing point between singleness and marriage.
Marriage means a commitment to a shared future thus making life more secure.
Marriage means a screeching halt to the indiscretions of youth, including public nudity.
Marriage means commitment.
Marriage means different things to different people.
Marriage means even less.
Marriage means everything.
Marriage means listening, talking and discussing together.
Marriage means love, a desire to be one.
Marriage means loving, caring and sharing in joy and in sorrow.
Marriage means sharing our lives completely with another.
Marriage means that our kids are now ready for responsibility and purpose.
Marriage means that they grow toward each other more and more.
Marriage needs constant nurturing.
Marriage needs redefining.
Marriage needs to allow development to occur.
Marriage needs to be celebrated.
Marriage needs work, and it needs rules.
Marriage never matches our expectations.
Marriage now is supposed to be for love and mutual respect, a relationship based on equality.
Marriage occurs when all three phases are in effect.
Marriage offers a great deal to people, but it costs a great deal, also.
Marriage only works when it's something special.
Marriage ought to be a splendid partnership for mutual improvement.
Marriage ought to foster the growth of authentic love between man and woman.
Marriage ought to signify a union of heart between two partners.
Marriage plans to be announced at a later date.
Marriage plays important role.
Marriage predates government.
Marriage prepares the young woman for a very significant role in the church.
Marriage presents unique opportunities for growth.
Marriage presupposes total allegiance and total fidelity .
Marriage promises fulfilment and bliss.
Marriage protecting the child, yet thousands of children destitute and homeless.
Marriage protects men and women from suicide and mental illness as well.
Marriage protects men from depression.
Marriage provides a point of reference for the family and for the raising of children.
Marriage provides strength for avoiding the deception of life.
Marriage provides strength for facing the dilemmas of life.
Marriage provides strength for fulling the demands of life.
Marriage provides the basic foundation for family life and needs to be protected.
Marriage provides the framework that makes such cooperation possible.
Marriage realize Shops against curtain through no chanel jewelry next steer along no police.
Marriage realize Shops against curtain through no dress shirt next steer along no police.
Marriage realize Shops against curtain through no revlon perfumes next steer along no police.
Marriage realize Shops against curtain through no teen clothes next steer along no police.
Marriage really seems to be like the weather, here in Montana.
Marriage records Marriage records give the names of the bride and groom and the date of the union.
Marriage records Missouri Hickory County.
Marriage records Tasmania.
Marriage reflects the natural moral and social law which is in evidence all over the world.
Marriage relegates other human ties to a secondary role.
Marriage remains an agreement to servitude.
Marriage remains the great regulator of sexual behavior.
Marriage represents the blending of two families, including financial and emotional caretaking.
Marriage requires a commitment of love, perseverance and faith.
Marriage requires a commitment, and living up to such a responsibility calls for maturity.
Marriage requires a six-month engagement.
Marriage requires a strong spiritual balance to succeed.
Marriage requires commitment and attention to another person.
Marriage requires commitment.
Marriage requires effort.
Marriage requires four months of preparation.
Marriage requires hard work in order to succeed.
Marriage requires self-denial and constant attention to another's needs and desires.
Marriage requires submission by both partners.
Marriage requires the full acceptance of the marrying couple.
Marriage requires the maturity to adjust, to forgive, to understand, to be forgiven.
Marriage requires the presence and blending of both necessity and intimacy.
Marriage requires total trust.
Marriage requires trust and long-term commitment.
Marriage requires two to make it, but one to break it.
Marriage requires wisdom, patience, and prayer.
Marriage requires work.
Marriage restricts the ability to enjoy sex.
Marriage saves the government a lot of trouble.
Marriage Scriptures on marriage.
Marriage See Philosophy of Right .
Marriage seems to act as a protector against premature death.
Marriage seems to be a lot better for men than it is for women.
Marriage seems to be a strong safety factor for women.
Marriage seems to be the best compromise, given the gender's sorry lot.
Marriage seems to bring luck and upward mobility to most people, especially for long-time bachelors.
Marriage seems to provide a stable setting, which promotes greater earnings and better savings.
Marriage serves as the prevention of loneliness .
Marriage settles into a corporate endeavor, the business of running a family.
Marriage signifies different intentions.
Marriage sounds more and more like the solution.
Marriage starts in a projection.
Marriage starts with an act of humility.
Marriage still confers one very special privilege - only a married person can get divorced.
Marriage survives by evolving.
Marriage takes a lot of work.
Marriage takes attention, effort, and knowledge.
Marriage takes big hearts.
Marriage takes sacrifice.
Marriage takes three to be complete.
Marriage takes three.
Marriage Takes Three.
Marriage tends to be associated with lower rates of poverty.
Marriage then is an important public good.
Marriage therefore is perfect, since it is part of creation.
Marriage thrives in a climate of honor and respect.
Marriage thwarting procreation, becomes lust.
Marriage too is a sacramental means of grace.
Marriage truly is a wonderful institution.
Marriage turns out to be mostly a choice of reciprocal devotion and meantime a service to society.
Marriage understands and forgives the mistakes life is unable to avoid.
Marriage write around an toe while dine Video.
Marriages actually do survive without children.
Marriages also benefit from a TV-free environment.
Marriages are a different problem.
Marriages are a waste of time and money.
Marriages are all happy.
Marriages are alliances between kindreds.
Marriages are alpha.
Marriages are alphabetical by both bride and groom.
Marriages are also available as a zipped label file on our label page.
Marriages are amongst the most joyous events that mankind celebrates.
Marriages are as likely to end in divorce as they are to endure.
Marriages are classified according to the number of legal spouses an individual has.
Marriages are complex.
Marriages are created by weddings.
Marriages are exogamous.
Marriages are families.
Marriages are first and foremost a civil act.
Marriages are generally pre-arranged by the parents.
Marriages are hard to make successful.
Marriages are just one of the many things that can come from finding romance here.
Marriages are less happy today than in past decades.
Marriages are less stable because couples are no longer committed to long-term relationships.
Marriages are like that, too.
Marriages are marital status.
Marriages are monogamous, based on the couple's mutual consent.
Marriages are more like a mini corporation.
Marriages are often strained under the pressures of ministry.
Marriages are recorded by the government for good reasons.
Marriages are required to be monogamous and legally registered .
Marriages are rituals.
Marriages are strained.
Marriages are the same in many ways.
Marriages are throw-away.
Marriages are tough and they all hit some rough spots every now and then.
Marriages are typically monogamous.
Marriages are under stress.
Marriages are unions.
Marriages are usually between close kin, even between first cousins.
Marriages are valid in Washington if valid where contracted.
Marriages are very festive occasions and meat and drinks are served in abundance.
Marriages are worth saving, there's no doubt about that.
Marriages based on mere agreement usually become unhappy.
Marriages become battlefields because our partners aren t measuring up.
Marriages become simply labels of society rather than bindings between two individuals.
Marriages begin to drift when communication falters.
Marriages begin to fail.
Marriages begin warm and intimate but over time they at times can become cold and businesslike.
Marriages benefit more than the two people involved, or even the children who are created.
Marriages break down at the rate of one in three.
Marriages break down because of incompatilbe personalities.
Marriages break down, immorality is rampant, integrity and ethics have gone out the door.
Marriages break down.
Marriages break up, and their best friend ends up a drunk.
Marriages break up, friendships are broken and family tension increases.
Marriages break up.
Marriages can die from sin just as surely as our bodies suffer physical death.
Marriages can fail.
Marriages can last to eternity.
Marriages can last.
Marriages can survive - with some professional help and disability awareness reminders at home.
Marriages can survive affairs.
Marriages can transition from normal to complicated and conflictual.
Marriages collapse and sexual tension leads to violence, as both food and water start to run out.
Marriages Come in Types.
Marriages continue to crumble and families are torn apart.
Marriages create intimacy, and intimacy carries with it great power.
Marriages dissolve when two lives are pointed in different directions.
Marriages dissolve, people seperate.
Marriages do founder when the status quo changes - as when a spouse begins working.
Marriages don t improve by themselves.
Marriages end for a lot of reasons.
Marriages end in bitter quarrels in which children are emotionally beaten.
Marriages fail as two people struggle for their individual rights.
Marriages fail too.
Marriages fail with alarming frequency.
Marriages fail, too.
Marriages fail, women work, and many American children grow up knowing only one parent.
Marriages fall apart.
Marriages falter and flounder.
Marriages follow a Muslim pattern and are arranged by mediators, who also negotiate the bride price.
Marriages follow a Muslim pattern.
Marriages follow the Muslim pattern and are usually arranged by a mediator.
Marriages form the most frequent occasions, followed by deaths.
Marriages go through hard times.
Marriages have been know to break up over on-line relationships.
Marriages have cost.
Marriages have essential features.
Marriages have features.
Marriages have other purposes.
Marriages have purposes.
Marriages have their bad days.
Marriages have their challenges.
Marriages have two people listed.
Marriages hold critical points of change.
Marriages involve the payment of a substantial bride-price, which consists of livestock.
Marriages last a life time and weddings occur in one day.
Marriages last for years.
Marriages likewise wither and deform.
Marriages Make arrangements with one of the priests at least six months in advance.
Marriages normally take place through parental choice, but with the consent of prospective partners.
Marriages occur during lifetimes.
Marriages occur primarily between individuals of equal status.
Marriages ought to be formed or dissolved according to personal desire or whim.
Marriages represent eternity.
Marriages require state licensing.
Marriages run into different challenges upon retirement and can end in divorce.
Marriages suffer or are destroyed under the pressure of the target's anxiety and anger.
Marriages survive and so do countries.
Marriages take a great deal of emotional energy.
Marriages take places.
Marriages take time, children take time, friends take time.
Marriages tend to be between co-villagers or with nearby villages.
Marriages tend to crack before they do.
Marriages tend to result in further concentration of wealth.
Marriages void without judgment.
Marriage always demands the finest arts of insincerity possible between two human beings.
Marriage always requires the payment of a bride price.
Marriage frequently involves a contract and exchange of goods.
Marriage often brings disillusionment.
Marriages often didn t take place until a pregnancy showed that a couple was fertile.
Marriages often end in divorce with few societal repercussions.
Marriages often end in divorce.
Marriages often have a hard time withstanding the complexities of disabillity.
Marriages sometimes improve, as do relationships at work.
Marriage usually brings with it the incurring of many obligations.
Marriage usually produces prosperity.
Marriages usually take place when the girls turn fifteen.
All marriages are happy - it's the living together afterward that causes all the problems.
All marriages are happy.
All marriages are sacred and holy unions, but among the baptized, they are also Sacraments.
All marriages are to be performed legally and validly.
All marriages based on a meshing of neuroses are marriages that allow little room for growth.
All marriages end one of two ways.
All marriages experience stress and confusion.
All marriages face stresses.
All marriages go through stages and phases.
All marriages have fighting and irreconcilable differences.
All marriages have money problems .
All marriages have problems.
All marriages have stress.
All marriages have their hills and valleys of contentment in and out of the bedroom.
All marriages have their problems, and the hybrid bike is no exception.
All marriages require a lot of work and a lot of compassion.
All marriages require adjustments from time to time.
Any marriage is likely to implode without external nourishment.
Every marriage can count on hitting a speed bump or two.
Every marriage deserves that kind of attention.
Every marriage goes through it's ups and downs.
Every marriage has a few fights now and then.
Every marriage has a history.
Every marriage has a story to tell.
Every marriage has bad patches.
Every marriage has difficulties and even the best marriages can be made better.
Every marriage has problems.
Every marriage has room for improvement.
Every marriage has seasons of ugly weather.
Every marriage has to be rethought.
Every marriage is a mixed marriage.
Every marriage is a unique entity.
Every marriage is assumed to be valid.
Every marriage is different, and there is certainly no quick fix for turning around a marriage.
Every marriage is different.
Every marriage is founded on the longing to be loved.
Every marriage is important to the entire parish.
Every marriage is tested repeatedly by three kinds of wolves.
Every marriage is unique.
Every marriage needs a lubricant like oil to keep the marriage running smoothly.
Every marriage needs a tune up now and then.
Every marriage requires commitment, dedication and work.
Every marriage requires two witnesses who sign the marriage documents after the ceremony.
Many marriages are between acquaintances.
Many marriages are childless.
Many marriages begin with intimacy but lose it somewhere along the way.
Many marriages break up because of sexual problems.
Many marriages end in divorce if the alcoholic continues to drink.
Many marriages end in divorce when one of the partners falls in love with another person.
Many marriages end in divorce, and many couples experience domestic abuse.
Many marriages end in divorce, just like many winning teams lose games.
Many marriages end in divorce.
Many marriages end therefore, because of unresolved sexual differences and difficulties.
Many marriages end up in divorce because one or both spouses refuse to forgive.
Many marriages eventually turn into a contest of wills.
Many marriages fail because feelings fail.
Many marriages fail in the first years.
Many marriages fail.
Many marriages go through difficulties and periods of serious differences.
Many marriages have daily rituals that continue to be meaningful.
Many marriages have kids but then the kids move out, leaving the parents as empty nesters.
Many marriages just keep running.
Many marriages meet the same fate.
Many marriages prove unhappy because they are entered into hastily and without worthy motives. .
Many marriages prove unhappy because they are entered into hastily and without worthy motives.
Many marriages sink into commonplaceness and stupor, into quarrelsomeness or indiffer- ence.
Many marriages succeed or fail based on how couples manage their expectations.
Many marriages suffer or are destroyed under the pressure of the target's anxiety and anger.
Many marriages survive an occasional affair.
More marriages fail from inadequate and clumsy sex love than from too much sex love.
More marriages fall apart due to plain old boredom than anything else.
More marriages fall to separation or divorce than rise to genuine contentment.
Most marriages are mixed.
Most marriages are monogamous, and the line of descent is through the father.
Most marriages are monogamous, the exception being a few headmen who have two wives.
Most marriages are only a few adjustments away from a high level of success and blessing.
Most marriages are religious ceremonies.
Most marriages are settled by negotiation and no bride-price is required.
Most marriages do work.
Most marriages fail, according to the author, through men's fault.
Most marriages fall apart because of selfishness.
Most marriages go down the tubes when a partner has been unfaithful.
Most marriages go through a stressful period in the months after a first baby is born.
Most marriages happen in church, and there's no additional secular ceremony required.
Most marriages have essential features.
Most marriages have other purposes.
Most marriages have purposes.
Most marriages involve persons who live within a few miles of each other.
Most marriages occur during lifetimes.
Most marriages seem to have conflict.
Most marriages start with romance.
Most marriages take places.
Some marriage records even name the place of birth of both the bride and groom.
Some marriages are better off divorced.
Some marriages are strained, while others, surprisingly, appear to be strengthened by big changes.
Some marriages are worth fighting for.
Some marriages are, indeed, wonderfully happy, bordering on the idyllic.
Some marriages become nightmares.
Some marriages seem doomed from the start.
Some marriages succeed.
Most marriages today go through very difficults moments.
Some married accommodation is also available.
Married adults are physically, emotionally, and financially healthier than unmarried adults.
Married adults are, on average, happier, healthier and wealthier than their cohabiting counterparts.
Married bloggers decide to do it together.
Married callers bring red li see envelopes with money inside to give to the children.
A married couple is a family
Married couples accumulate property, called marital property.
Married couples are by far the happiest with their sexual lives.
Married couples are couples.
Married couples are eligible for deferments only if both parties meet the deferment requirements.
Married couples are encouraged to speak with local elders if they are having problems.
Married couples are equally responsible for delinquent deposits or rent.
Married couples are free to attend a couples group.
Married couples are more flexible and can work together to balance work and family responsibilities.
Married couples are more likely to be home owners and invest for their future.
Married couples are no less remiss.
Married couples are the biggest culprits and men are more guilty than women.
Married couples are under pressure like never before and are hungry for solutions.
Married couples are welcome to live on campus.
Married couples are welcome, but difficult to place.
Married couples are welcome.
Married couples benefit immensely from time together.
Married couples can apply for family occupancy.
Married couples can combine eligible loans into one consolidated account.
Married couples can combine their winnings and losses when they file a joint return.
Married couples can consolidate their loans into one.
Married couples can consolidate their loans.
Married couples can currently obtain a divorce without giving a reason.
Married couples can have prenuptial agreements which separate their funds and ownership.
Married couples can learn how to stay together and reap the harvest of real and lasting love.
Married couples can minimize taxes through the use of by-pass and other trust techniques.
Married couples can qualify for a partial deduction at certain adjusted gross income levels.
Married couples can volunteer to mentor the life of a child.
Married couples can work with children of either gender.
Married couples conduct programs and retreats for other married couples.
Married couples face the very same decision today.
Married couples feel strongly about expanding the family.
Married couples filing separately are ineligible.
Married couples find that swinging increases their ability to communicate with each other.
Married couples find their own space.
Married couples get a tax break.
Married couples give children and unmarried adults money in red envelopes.
Married couples have a choice when it comes to filing status.
Married couples have a higher maximum social security benefit than single wage earners.
Married couples have fewer accidents than single people do.
Married couples have fewer children when their lives improve economically.
Married couples have financial and personal duties during marriage and after separation or divorce.
Married couples have more sex and enjoy it more than singles.
Married couples have more than twice the assets of other households.
Married couples have to commit to the marriage contract.
Married couples have to learn to adapt.
Married couples have to stay in separate dorms.
Married couples hiking the trail together are few.
Married couples know that faithfulness is a key ingredient of genuine love.
Married couples link their fates-including their finances.
Married couples live in an apartment attached to the group home.
Married couples lose the gift of communication, and friends become distanced from each other.
Married couples matter.
Married couples minister to engaged couples.
Married couples present a series of short talks which include their personal experiences.
Married couples qualify for the individual cost of membership.
Married couples report more satisfying sex lives than single adults.
Married couples say the biggest stress on their unions is the time they spend at work.
Married couples seem to have enough struggles of their own to pay attention to the singles.
Married couples share most of their properties and are exclusively united by their marriage vow.
Married couples share the most intimate of relationships.
Married couples share their experiences with engaged couples both in large and small groups.
Married couples share their thoughts about happy marriages.
Married couples speak on wedding planning and preparations.
Married couples stay in our guest wing or other on-campus housing.
Married couples take turns bearing children.
Married couples tell each other a thousand things without speech.
Married couples tend to fight about money more than about any other single thing.
Married couples tend to qualify for higher exclusions.
Married couples welcome.
All married couples have disagreements.
All married couples have separate bedrooms.
Every married couple deserves a weekend.
Every married couple has a video.
Every married couple has their own way of looking after household bills.
Every married couple is different.
Every married couple needs time away alone together.
Every married couple needs time together without kids and distractions to keep the passion alive.
Every married couple stands to benefit thousands of dollars from it.
Many married couples are unhappy because they have a false understanding of love.
Many married couples experience struggles from time to time.
Many married couples face a classic estate planning dilemma.
Many married couples prepare their estate plans together.
Many married couples use condoms for the life of their marriage.
Most married couples can usually remember their first date.
Most married couples cheat at least once.
Most married couples have children.
Most married couples itemize.
Most married couples own property in joint tenancy or as tenants by the entirety.
Most married couples sign one pledge card.
Some married couples enter nursing homes together and share a room.
Some married couples have a favorite restaurant where they go for important nights out.
Some married couples join their last names with a hyphen.
Some married couples receive marriage bonuses.
Married daughters become part of their husbands' families.
Married daughters return to their home villages for the celebration.
Married drivers tend to have fewer accidents.
Married employees commit the greatest number of frauds and cause the highest median losses.
Married faculty say quite a few benefits exist to being right across campus from their mates.
Married fathers share more time with a child than both stepfathers and divorced fathers.
Married fatherhood is a socializing role for men.
Married females have an entry for each spouse family name and their maiden family name.
Married Fish are under a lot of pressure now.
Married folks have a lower rate of suicide than do divorced, separated, widowed and single people.
Married folks have fewer mental illnesses, too, as hard as that is to believe.
Married guys go to bed, see nothing they want, then go to the refrigerator.
Married guys go to the bed, see nothing they want, then go to the refrigerator.
Married households filing separately pay the tax imposed on half the income.
Married individuals save more than singles.
Married lawyers oppose each other, fight and make up constantly.
Married life entails a world of both blessings and obligations that transcend the physical.
Married life is a burden full of cares, vexations, and disappointments.
Married life is better than imagined.
Married life is fantastic.
Married life is great and so is Baltimore.
Married life is great so far.
Married life is great.
Married life is groovy.
Married life is indeed a superb context for growth in Christian holiness.
Married life is never easy, especially for couples from very different cultures.
Married life is no bar to practise spiritual life.
Married life is pretty good.
Married life is sometimes inconvenient and even demanding.
Married life is very frustrating.
Married life offers students support .
Married life takes work.
Married love ought to help both individuals become more generous.
Married males make more money than unmarried males.
A married man is a partner
Married man asks about friendship with another woman.
Married man comes home, sees what's in the bed, and goes to the refrigerator.
Married man has an affair.
Married men are less likely to engage in voluntary, health-threatening behavior.
Married men are less likely to report lack of desire or erection problems than unmarried men.
Married men are more likely to work.
Married men are off limits.
Married Men are Older.
Married men are the gentlest of the lot.
Married men are welcome.
Married men can become deacons.
Married men can claim for spouse and children, please ask for current rates.
Married men commit suicide only one-third as often as other men.
Married men do more housework than unmarried men.
Married men earn more than similar single men.
Married men have a lower incidence of mental disorders.
Married men have beards and single men are clean shaven.
Married men have lots of lines.
Married men have lower rates of depression than single men.
Married men have the best opportunity for flexible work schedules.
Married men live longer than bachelors.
Married men live longer than single man, but married men are a lot more willing to die.
Married men live longer than single men - but married men are a lot more willing to die.
Married men live longer than single men but are more willing to die.
Married men live longer than single men do, but married men are a lot more willing to die.
Married men live longer than single men, but married men are a lot more willing to die.
Married men live longer than single men, But married men are a lot more willing to die.
Married men live longer than single men, but married men are more willing to die.
Married men live longer than single men.
Married men live longer than unmarried men.
Married men miss work less often and are less likely to abuse drugs or alcohol.
Married men report more autonomy than married women.
Married men tend to have lower testosterone.
Married men wear beards, while single men are clean shaven.
Most married men continue with the practice of masturbation even after marriage.
Most married men sleep on the right side of the bed.
Married members can expect to live on the economy or, if they qualify, in leased housing.
Married monks wear white dhotis .
Married mothers are more likely to be in the labor force than single mothers.
Married names appear in parenthesis.
Married names are in parenthesis.
Married names are the surname after the maiden name.
Married officers have a great resource right at their side, waiting to help.
Married parents are automatically joint guardians of their children.
Married parents have equal rights to the custody of their children until a court orders otherwise.
Married partners can run businesses successfully.
Married partners monitor each other's health, for example.
Married people appear to have a calming influence in their lives.
Married people are also less likely to commit suicide.
Married people are better off financially than their single and divorced counterparts.
Married people are boring.
Married people are chaste when they are faithful to their spouse.
Married people are happier and healthier than divorced or unmarried people.
Married people are happier than single people.
Married people are happier, healthier and better off financially.
Married people are healthier, happier, more productive, and enjoy better sex.
Married people are less likely than non-married people to expect to enter nursing homes.
Married people are more likely than never married people to believe the courts are too harsh.
Married people are more likely to be rich.
Married people can also feel lonely.
Married people can talk easily about their 'wife' or 'husband'.
Married people can usually pool their incomes to qualify for home loans.
Married people commit suicide less often than divorced, bereaved, or single people.
Married people consult with their husband or wife to solve difficulties in the marriage .
Married people consult with their husband or wife to solve difficulties in the marriage.
Married people do better in every way.
Married people do live longer and live better.
Married people earn more and have more wealth on average than couples living together.
Married people filing separately are ineligible.
Married people find life more satisfying than the unmarried.
Married people get many benefits from being married.
Married people grow together as one.
Married people have an increased recovery from illness.
Married people have anniversaries.
Married people have bad days.
Married people have children.
Married people have lower rates of alcoholism, suicide and mental health problems than unmarried.
Married people have more satisfying sexual lives, both physically and emotionally.
Married people have more sex than unmarried people.
Married people have sex.
Married people have the best and the most sex.
Married people lead more active sex lives.
Married people live longer and are healthier.
Married people live longer because marriage implies interdependent relationships.
Married people live longer too.
Married people live longer.
Married people love each other in funny ways sometimes.
Married people owe each other more than just a home, food and clothing.
Married people share happiness.
Married people share memories and happiness and grow together as one.
Married people share memories and happiness, growing together as one.
Married people share memories.
Married people show their love in many different ways.
Married people take seminars on how to manage their marriage and their home.
Married people tend to live longer than unmarried people.
Married people understand each other without talking.
All married people practice it.
Many married people dance, but often only the husband or wife dances.
Many married people feel lonely.
More married people cheat than couples who live together.
Most married people are together during the tired part of the day, at the end of the day after work.
Most married people describe their marriages as very happy.
Most married people file joint income tax returns.
Most married people have both spouses as signers to enter a safe deposit box.
Most married people invest a lot of time and energy trying to make their marriage work.
Some married people pass themselves off as singles to get dates and sex.
A married person is a relative
Married people are people.
Married people have spouses.
Married persons act.
Married persons are welcome.
Married persons can choose to legally separate, rather than dissolve the marriage.
Married persons require the consent of their spouse.
Any married person can finish the story.
Every married person knows it is.
Every married person knows that it is.
Married personnel leave spouses in the United States.
Married personnel represent all types of military families.
Married priests honor the feminine.
Many married priests continue as clergymen in the private sector.
Married quarters are sufficient to meet requirements available.
Married scholars receive an additional allowance.
Married sons attach their households to the household of their father.
Married sons live in the household of their father.
Married sons live in the household of their fathers.
Married spouses can testify against each other if they want to.
Married spouses can transfer assets to each other tax-free.
Married staff receives double hardship allowances.
Some married staff have separate houses, so check 'neighbours', too.
Married status is a well known factor in birth outcomes.
Married students are also eligible.
Married students are eligible for one-bedroom married student housing.
Married students are eligible for only one year after marriage.
Married students are ordinarily nonresident.
Married students are welcome.
Married students can anticipate somewhat higher expenses.
Married students have to find their own accommodation.
Married students live on campus in apartments.
Many married students live off campus.
Married taxpayers filing in Missouri have two options.
Married taxpayers filing jointly receive two exemptions.
Married taxpayers filing separately are ineligible for the rollover.
Married taxpayers filing separately pay the same tax imposed on half the income.
Married taxpayers have to file a joint return to claim the deduction.
Some married taxpayers are better off filing separate returns.
Married Today is hilarious.
Married voters can vote through the agency of husband or wife.
A married woman is a partner
A married woman is a woman
Married woman wear blue short shirts and red skirt.
Married women acquire more wealth, their mental health improves, and their happiness increases.
Married women adopt their husbands' names.
Married women apply vermilion to each other and greet each other with sweets.
Married women are as much benefited as, indeed more benefited than, unmarried women by sword play.
Married women are cross indexed by maiden name when it is known.
Married women are exempt.
Married women are films.
Married women are generally least likely to know a source of condoms.
Married women are less sanguine about the arrangement.
Married women are married people.
Married women are more likely to volunteer than singles.
Married women are people.
Married women are responsible for keeping the family together.
Married women are the smallest percentage of people being assaulted.
Married women are women.
Married women can have abortion done if they have economical difficulty and psychological stress.
Married women combine their husbands' and fathers' arms on a shield.
Married women come home, see what s in the bed and go to the fridge.
Married women come home, see what's in bed and go to the 'fridge.
Married women come home, see what's in bed and go to the fridge.
Married women come home, see what's in bed and go to the refrigerator.
Married women come home, see what's in bed, and they go to the fridge.
Married women come home, see what's in the bed and go to the fridge.
Married women consider a husband who falls asleep immediately after sex a good lover.
Married women constitute the most depressed segment of the population.
Married women get wild when hubby is at work.
Married women have a dual role of contributing to the family income and running the household.
Married women have a one in seven chance of being raped by their husbands.
Married women have an additional entry.
Married women have elaborate tattoos on their bodies.
Married women have fewer property rights, especially in rural areas where customary law prevails.
Married women have limited rights to property ownership and use.
Married women have lower rates of depression than single women.
Married women have the option of using their birth name or married name.
Married women keep an additional level of tznius by covering their hair completely.
Married women lose their sense of self, their competitive edge, their initiative and independence.
Married women make outrageous anti- male statements.
Married women manhandled by Tehran's legal system get their day on the screen.
Married women participate in elections more than single or widowed ones.
Married women report higher levels of loneliness than married men.
Married women retain their maiden names.
Married women spend more time doing housework than their husbands.
Married women take on a disproportionate share of domestic work, even when employed.
Married women traipse around in evening gowns, escorted by their husbands dressed in formal tuxedos.
Married women undertake the same training and receive the same commission as their husband.
Married women vote by their husbands as a proxy, and single women vote directly.
Married women vote differently from single women.
Married women wear a bindi , too.
Married women wear a headscarf, while younger women and girls tie back their hair with a headband.
Married women wear an embroidered kerchief or scarf on the head.
Married women wear back aprons, and their embroidered cotton-padded hats also have back flaps.
Married women wear blouses and skirts in bold colours, predominantly blue and red.
Married women wear blouses and skirts in bold colours, predominantly red or blue.
Married women wear handsome satins, velvets, crepes, or spangled nets.
Married women wear their rarest jewels.
Married women wear white prayer caps, single women wear black ones.
Many married women carry the double job of housewife and wage earner.
Many married women have a peculiar problem with one breast being smaller than the other.
Married workers are more stable than single workers.
Marrow transplants are a standard part of cancer treatment.
Marrow transplants are a treatment for leukemia and other fatal blood diseases.
Marrow transplants are standard for a few cancers but available in research studies for many.
Marrow transplants give a patient a second chance at a healthy life.
Marrow transplants require matching certain tissue traits of the donor and patient.
Marrow transplants require matching certain tissue traits of the donor and the patient.
Marrow transplantation is the current treatment of choice.
Marrow can be harder to match than blood and other organs.
Marrow contains blood stem cells, the basis of the body's blood and immune systems.
Marrow contains the stem cells that can reproduce all the types of blood cells.
Marrow does burble.
Marrow does have some nutritional value but is composed mainly of fat.
Marrow has (part) cell membranes.
Marrow has (part) corpi.
Marrow has (part) cytoplasm.
Marrow has (part) ground substances.
Marrow has (part) mast cells.
Marrow has (part) nuclei.
Marrow has (part) plasma membranes.
Marrow has (part) sections.
Marrow has (part) vacuoles.
Marrow helps bodies and bones because it helps produce blood.
Marrow is a substance found in the cavities of the body's bones.
Marrow is a substance found inside bones.
Marrow is a tissue found in the large bones of the body.
Marrow is an ambitious book, full of vast imaginings, and it has a relentless pace.
Marrow is below.
Marrow is cellular.
Marrow is connective tissue
Marrow is connective tissue.
Marrow is extracted from the pelvic bone using a special needle and syringe.
Marrow is found in the cavities of the body's bones.
Marrow is found in the hollow bones of the body, such as the legs, hips and arms.
Marrow is found inside certain large bones.
Marrow is part of bones.
Marrow is part of marrow.
Marrow is quite uniform and subject to little sampling error.
Marrow is removed from the back of the donor's hip bones using a syringe and needle.
Marrow is removed from the back of the pelvic region with sterile needles and syringes.
Marrow is summer squash.
Marrow is the soft, fatty tissue inside the bones.
Marrow is the spongy part in the middle of the bone.
Marrow is thought of as helping the growth of bones.
Marrow is where all blood cells are manufactured.
Marrow isa tissue.
Marrow regenerates within a few weeks.
Marrow suggests going to local shelters and rescue groups.
Marrow tends to dissolve in broth, so it s better to leave pieces larger.
Marrow tends to dissolve in broth, so it's better to leave pieces larger.
Marrow transplants from unrelated donors as treatment for acute leukemia.
Marrows are a squash similar to zucchini.
Some marrow is part of alsatians.
Some marrow is part of ankles.
Some marrow is part of arms.
Some marrow is part of backbones.
Some marrow is part of backs.
Some marrow is part of beagles.
Some marrow is part of bones.
Some marrow is part of bridges.
Some marrow is part of bulldogs.
Some marrow is part of bullocks.
Some marrow is part of chests.
Some marrow is part of chicks.
Some marrow is part of cochleas.
Some marrow is part of craniums.
Some marrow is part of cygnets.
Some marrow is part of doggies.
Some marrow is part of dogs.
Some marrow is part of ducklings.
Some marrow is part of endoskeletons.
Some marrow is part of fangs.
Some marrow is part of fawns.
Some marrow is part of fingers.
Some marrow is part of fishbones.
Some marrow is part of foxhounds.
Some marrow is part of heads.
Some marrow is part of hounds.
Some marrow is part of incisors.
Some marrow is part of jaws.
Some marrow is part of knees.
Some marrow is part of laps.
Some marrow is part of legs.
Some marrow is part of mandibles.
Some marrow is part of molars.
Some marrow is part of necks.
Some marrow is part of noses.
Some marrow is part of notochords.
Some marrow is part of partridges.
Some marrow is part of pelves.
Some marrow is part of poodles.
Some marrow is part of proboscises.
Some marrow is part of puppies.
Some marrow is part of shinbones.
Some marrow is part of skulls.
Some marrow is part of snouts.
Some marrow is part of spines.
Some marrow is part of sterna.
Some marrow is part of studs.
Some marrow is part of teeth.
Some marrow is part of thighs.
Some marrow is part of thumbs.
Some marrow is part of toes.
Some marrow is part of toms.
Some marrow is part of tusks.
Some marrow is part of vertebrae.
Some marrow is part of wishbones.
Some marrow is part of wrists.
Marrowbone soils are on lower side slopes and are moderately deep.
Marrowbone soils have a thicker solum.
Marry couples have offspring.
Most marry couples have offspring.
Marry women have children.
Most marry women have children.
Marses are food.
Marses are planets.
Marses have volcanos.
Marsabit mountain is a natural phenomenon, born out of volcanic fire and shaped by mist.
A marseille is cloth
Marseilles are fabric.
Marseilles has an excellent transportation system, both for getting here and internal.
Marseilles has an extremely diverse and mixed population.
Marseilles is also a passenger ship terminal.
Marseilles is taken, and under martial law.
Marseilles is the capital.
Marseilles refuses to rest on the laurels of the past .
Marsh blinds are accessible by boat.
Some marsh crakes feed on seeds.
Some marsh dwellers eat aquatic plants.
Some marsh dwellers eat plants.
Marsh flowers grow naturally in acidic bogs and wetlands, but adapt well to moist garden soils.
Marsh grass is very important to the ecology of brackish estuaries.
Marsh hallmarks are balance, responsibility, and tradition.
A marsh harrier is a harrier
Marsh harriers are summer visitors but the others are present all year.
Marsh harriers arrive now.
A marsh hawk is a harrier
Marsh hawks are a common sight flying low over refuge fields.
Marsh hawks course the adjacent pasture.
Marsh hawks inhabit fresh- or saltwater marshes, wet meadows, bogs and flat open farmland.
All marsh life is adapted to the twice daily tide cycle.
Marsh loss is due to increased tidal action and altered hydrology.
Marsh loss threatens the very productive Gulf fisheries and the livelihoods of many.
Marsh management includes physical improvements or development, and cultural practices.
Marsh management is rotated so that varied habitats are always available.
Every marsh parcel is different.
A marsh plant is a hydrophytic plant
Marsh plants are aquatic plants.
Marsh plants break down many pollutants into less harmful forms.
Marsh plants have the ability to purify the water and filter out toxic compounds.
Marsh plants provide shelter and food to many marine and land animals.
Marsh plants take root in the shallows and begin to fill in the original lake basin.
Marsh rabbits are also semiaquatic and they swim extensively.
Marsh rabbits are common along the edges of marshes.
Marsh rabbits are nocturnal.
Marsh rabbits eat many types of green vegetation.
Marsh restoration has wide support, but buying land in the pricey Bay Area can cause setbacks.
Marsh restoration is an important natural control.
Marsh sparrows have bills.
Most marsh sparrows have bills.
Marsh trail travels along the flat northern shore past marshlands and a pond.
Marsh units are apparently compound gauges, because they show sub atmospheric vacuum as well.
Marsh vegetation provides food and cover for many types of wildlife at the refuge.
Marsh wrens are a species of special concern in Michigan.
Some marsh wrens have habits.
Marsh attracts birds.
Marsh attracts ducks.
Marsh is located in forests.
Marsh is located in wetland.
Marsh is wetland
Marsh is wetland.
Marsh is wets.
Marsh isa wetland.
Marsh possesses mosquitoes.
Marshes act as natural filters.
Marshes act like sponges absorbing water in heavy rains and floods.
Marshes also act as giant sponges during storms and therefore reduce damage from flooding.
Marshes also act as natural filters for pollutants carried by storm water runoff.
Marshes also help control sedimentation, eutrophication, and pollution of waterways.
Marshes appear as a deeper blue.
Marshes are also abundant.
Marshes are also common in delta s, where rivers empty into a larger body of water.
Marshes are also highly productive systems.
Marshes are among the most productive wetlands for birds and mammals.
Marshes are among the most productive yet misunderstood habitat types.
Marshes are both brackish and fresh, along which a rich alpine meadow community thrives.
Marshes are dominated by floating-leafed plants like water lillies and duckweed.
Marshes are dry.
Marshes are endangered habitats that make for interesting wildlife and bird watching.
Marshes are especially attractive to birds, including loons, ducks, geese, herons, and egrets.
Marshes are important protectors of the natural environment.
Marshes are most common along the edges of ponds and lakes.
Marshes are often nurseries for juveniles of commercially important fish species.
Marshes are shallow wetlands less than two meters deep.
Marshes are some of the most productive areas on earth.
Marshes are very productive ecosystems used by a great variety of animals.
Marshes are water-saturated, poorly drained areas with both aquatic and grasslike plants.
Marshes are wetlands dominated by emergent aquatic vegetation such as grasses, sedges and rushes.
Marshes can be one of the most interesting areas to explore.
Marshes can form very extensive habitats.
Marshes can hold freshwater or saltwater and are mostly grassy areas with shallow water.
Marshes can reduce the risk of downstream flooding during heavy storms.
Marshes contain mostly grasses with a small number of trees.
Marshes contain nonwoody emergent plants.
Marshes develop along the edges of rivers and lakes.
Marshes differ depending mainly on their location and salinity .
Marshes dominate the coastal wetlands of Georgia and South Carolina.
Marshes extend along the eastern shore of the upper harbor.
Marshes function as filters to cleanse water.
Marshes generally contain few if any trees and shrubs.
Marshes generally contain grasses and sedges and contain few if any trees and shrubs.
Marshes give off an eerie light before a rain.
Marshes help protect the coastline from storng storm winds and waves which cause coastal erosion.
Marshes line the edge of the river with occasional islands of palms.
Marshes look mostly brown from a distance because cattail plants are now mostly brown.
Marshes occupy the larger depressions.
Marshes occur as part of an integrated complex of wet prairie, marsh, and sedge meadow.
Marshes provide food, shelter and water for many animals such as ducks, blackbirds, and muskrats.
Marshes provide the best vegetation for eating and constructing nests and burrows.
Marshes provide the best vegetation for muskrats.
Marshes recharge groundwater supplies and moderate streamflow by providing water to streams.
Marshes serve as nurseries for young fish.
Marshes supply the red-winged blackbird with aquatic insects as a source of food.
Marshes surrounding the lakeside provide a confortable environment for waterfowls.
Marshes tend to be formed by river mouths in river delta areas.
Marshes typically are closer to the ocean and contain slightly salted water.
Marshes often fill the basins below the tallest and wettest of the Basin mountain ranges.
Marshes often have very spectacular shaped species.
Marshes usually have different bands of vegetation creating high and low zones within the marsh.
Marshes usually offer a feed bed situation.
Some marshes do allow public visitation.
Some marshes survive the sinking of the land by floating when water rises.
A marshal is a lawman
Marshal quits town with bride, goes back for showdown.
Marshals are encouraged to instruct their students however they wish.
Marshals are honorary positions for each college's top graduates.
Marshals are the primary communication link between police and demonstrators.
Marshals direct the candidates to their seats.
Marshals guard abortion clinics.
Marshals lead the Graduates onto the main floor.
Marshals lead the procession to the entry of the horseshoe.
Marshals line the only road leading into the grounds, keeping people in queues.
Marshals move play around at a good pace.
Marshals only accept cash.
Marshals oversee monitors and have the ultimate authority to impact the game.
Marshals seize the church, using stretchers to carry out some members who refused to leave.
Marshals serve warrants seven days a week.
Marshals supervise the fighting and related safety regulations.
Marshals wear cardinal gowns with white bars.
Any marshal can explain.
Marshall County has one of the fastest growing hispanic communities in the state.
Marshall County is located in central Iowa.
Marshall County is located in the northeastern part of the state on the Appalachian ridge.
Marshall employees assemble Fastrac engine by mating the injector with the nozzle.
Marshall Park is also a gathering place for many.
Marshall residents are very proud of their beautiful gardens and Historic City.
Marshall scholars are eligible to apply as well as outside scholars.
Marshall students show their thundering pride before the game begins.
Marshall Township is the middle of three townships that form the northern tier in the county.
A marshall is a lawman
Marshalls also buys what's left of the year's best designer merchandise.
Marshalls are good.
Marshalls knows a great thing when they see it.
Marshalls offers brand name family apparel, giftware, domestics and accessories.
Marshalled objects can contain a codebase URL where the class code can be found.
Marshallese people are very warm and friendly.
A marshland is wetland
Marshland is also important because it acts as a sponge.
Marshland is impounded for agriculture and aqua culture.
Marshland isa wetland.
Marshlands are rich in cranberries.
Marshlands are the only buffer for hurricanes that come regularly out of the Gulf of Mexico.
Marshlands are the wet, swampy areas behind the sea walls.
Marshlands contain an incredible variety of wild creatures, eating an incredible variety of food.
Marshlands have many of the same qualities as river deltas.
Marshlands Learn about man-made wetlands for small flow wastewater treatment in Eastern Ontario.
Marshmallow fun Make a cute little guy using marshmallow.
Marshmallow girls dance with aliens.
Marshmallow plant is one that can be used for food.
Marshmallow root is a good choice to use in conjunction with other herbs.
Marshmallow root is, of course, the basic ingredient in innumerable confection recipes.
A marshmallow is candy
Marshmallow enhances white blood cells which feed on disease microbes.
Marshmallow isa candy.
Marshmallows also make good tails.
Marshmallows are a good dessert idea.
Marshmallows are a mixture of sugar, air, and gelatin.
Marshmallows are a product with problems.
Marshmallows are candy.
Marshmallows are easy to cut when they are frozen.
Marshmallows are food.
Marshmallows are good too.
Marshmallows are very sticky and can choke a person if they slide down the throat whole.
Marshmallows contain gelatin.
Marshmallows grow chow mein legs and and candy coated eyes.
Marshy grasslands become lagoons of water lilies.
Marsupial animals are unique in that they raise their young in a pouch instead of inside their body.
Marsupial babies are called joeys.
Marsupial embryos receive nutrients.
Most marsupial embryos receive nutrients.
Marsupial frogs are so-called because they possess a dorsal brood pouch.
Some marsupial frogs carry their eggs and developing tadpoles under a skin flap on their back.
Marsupial mammals complete development.
Marsupial mammals have periods.
Marsupial mammals have short periods.
Marsupial mammals retain their embryos for only a short period in the uterus.
Most marsupial mammals have periods.
Most marsupial mammals have short periods.
Some marsupial mammals fill niches.
A marsupial mole is a mammal
Marsupial moles are unique among mammals in their brain structure.
Marsupial moles feed on invertebrate larvae.
A marsupial mouse is a dasyurid
Marsupial mice live on the forest floor, and marsupial moles burrow beneath the ground.
Marsupial movement is a special case.
A marsupial is a mammal
Marsupials also have short gestation periods, but after it is done, there is live birth.
Marsupials are a class of mammals living mainly in the Australian continent.
Marsupials are a class of mammals practically unique to Australia.
Marsupials are a classification of animal.
Marsupials are a special class of non-placental mammals.
Marsupials are also mammals.
Marsupials are animals that carry their young in a pouch.
Marsupials are animals that raise their young in a pouch on the abdomen.
Marsupials are animals.
Marsupials are born prematurely.
Marsupials are born underdeveloped, blind and very small.
Marsupials are characterized principally by their method of reproduction.
Marsupials are mammals that give birth to young which are in an immature state.
Marsupials are mammals that raise their young ones in a pouch in their bodies.
Marsupials are mammals which generally have pouches in which they rear their young.
Marsupials are mammals with pouches to carry young in, like the kangaroo .
Marsupials are mammals with pouches to carry young in, like the kangaroo.
Marsupials are mammals.
Marsupials are members of the mammal family.
Marsupials are native to North America, South America, and Australia.
Marsupials are non-amniotes, and eutherians are amniotes.
Marsupials are pouched animals which include kangaroos and wombat.
Marsupials are still abundant in Australia, but only the opossum is found in North America.
Marsupials are the only mammals that have a pouch on their body in which they carry their young.
Marsupials are very small and underdeveloped when they are born.
Marsupials bear live young at an extremely early stage of development.
Marsupials breed here during the winter, which necessitates the pouch.
Marsupials brood their young in pouches.
Marsupials carry their young in a pouch.
Marsupials carry young in a pouch on the abdomen of the female.
Marsupials differ from placentals in a number of important and obvious ways.
Marsupials employ external fertilization, whereas eutherians have internal fertilization.
Marsupials generally have more teeth than placental mammals.
Marsupials generally have small litters.
Marsupials give birth to babies that attach themselves to their mothers.
Marsupials give birth to early stage fetuses.
Marsupials give birth to fetal-like young following a brief gestation period.
Marsupials give birth to living babies.
Marsupials give birth to poorly developed young.
Marsupials give birth to their young early in their development.
Marsupials give birth when their young are super young.
Marsupials have a pouch where they carry their young.
Marsupials have a special pouch where they carry their babies.
Marsupials have a very short gestation period and so the young are born relatively undeveloped.
Marsupials have no placenta and give birth to tiny, helpless young.
Marsupials have pouchs.
Marsupials have relatively small brains and they lack a placenta.
Marsupials have two vaginas and a double uterus.
Marsupials Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Marsupials lay eggs, whereas eutherians are viviparous.
Marsupials live mainly in Australia.
Marsupials provide insights of globin gene evolution.
Marsupials rear their young in pouches.
Marsupials seem to handle their parasites differently than dogs, cats, and other mammals.
Marsupials simply perform better in tough conditions but the cold-blooded animals did even better.
Marsupials support both the claim that the earth is ancient and that evolution occured.
Marsupials survive only in Australasia and the Americas.
All marsupials are mammals.
Every marsupial is born relatively early in the development process.
Many marsupials are plant-eaters.
Many marsupials develop pouches only during the breeding season.
Many marsupials have a pouch that encloses the young.
Most marsupials are plant-eaters and many are nocturnal.
Most marsupials have a pouch, or at least a flap of skin, to protect their developing young.
Most marsupials have pouches where the tiny newborns develop.
Most marsupials have pouches where the young continue to develop.
Most marsupials have pouches, although some have just a flap of skin.
Most marsupials live in Australia.
Most marsupials range in size between a small cat and an average-sized dog.
Some marsupials carry young in rudimentary pouches which are basically skin folds.
A mart is an outlet
Mart isa outlet.
Marts are simple to expand and grow incrementally into a distributed architecture.
Marts have (part) bases.
Marts have (part) sections.
Martagon lilies are a hybrid which feature dainty, down-facing or turk's cap flowers.
A martagon is a lily
Martagons are one of the cold-hardiest lilies.
Martes pennanti - Topics are range, habitat, diet, ecology, reproduction, conservation.
Martes pennanti is a specialized forest carnivore.
Martes pennanti prefers continous forests, but they are also found in conifer and hardwood forests.
Marten population is in serious decline and faces a real threat of extinction.
Marten sets come in all shapes and sizes.
A marten is a carnivore
Marten are found from Southeast Alaska to the start of treeless tundra in Alaska's north and west.
Marten are pretty small animals, and are caught humanely and effectively in small traps.
Marten are solitary animals.
Marten are solitary mammals, avoiding their own kind except during mating season.
Marten are widespread and abundant in Alaska.
Marten are woodland animals.
Marten isa mammal.
Martens are a major predator on pine squirrels.
Martens are a tree dwelling weasel, about the size of a small house cat.
Martens are about two feet long.
Martens are active primarily at night.
Martens are agile climbers but take almost all their prey on the ground.
Martens are blood thirsty and kill more than they devour.
Martens are common in forests and visitors can see coyotes in all habitats.
Martens are descended from animals.
Martens are difficult to raise and so far little success has been achieved.
Martens are fast, strong, and agile.
Martens are generally solitary.
Martens are just as adapted to cold winters as they are to summer.
Martens are larger, heavier-bodied animals than weasels, with thick fur and bushy tails.
Martens are mammals.
Martens are omnivorous animals related to wolverines , minks , badgers , ferrets , and weasels .
Martens are out both in day and night as they hunt in short periods of time and then rest.
Martens are pregnant for about nine months, but the fetus only develops during the last two months.
Martens are quick, smart, tempermental little predators.
Martens are rather solitary creatures except during the mating season.
Martens are related to mink, otters, badgers, wolverines, weasels, and skunks.
Martens are solitary animals , meeting only to breed in late spring or early summer.
Martens are the only mustelids with semi-retractable claws.
Martens are very agile and energetic, often running up and down the forest floor, or through trees.
Martens come out at nights.
Martens eat mice, chipmunks, red squirrels, and insects.
Martens generally avoid nonforested areas including prairies and clearcuts that lack overhead cover.
Martens have (part) brains.
Martens have (part) breasts.
Martens have (part) cell membranes.
Martens have (part) cells.
Martens have (part) chest cavities.
Martens have (part) chests.
Martens have (part) corpi.
Martens have (part) cytoplasm.
Martens have (part) ears.
Martens have (part) faces.
Martens have (part) heads.
Martens have (part) nuclei.
Martens have (part) pedal extremities.
Martens have (part) piluses.
Martens have (part) plasma membranes.
Martens have (part) rib cages.
Martens have (part) sections.
Martens have (part) skulls.
Martens have (part) sterna.
Martens have (part) vacuoles.
Martens have (part) vertebrate feet.
Martens have anal glands.
Martens have anal scent glands.
Martens have diets.
Martens have glands.
Martens have habits.
Martens have heads.
Martens have inch length.
Martens have length.
Martens have mate habits.
Martens have scent glands.
Martens have sensitive whiskers.
Martens have special ways of keeping warm during the winter.
Martens have throats.
Martens have triangular heads.
Martens have vary diets.
Martens have very few enemies besides humans.
Martens have whiskers.
Martens inhabit meadows.
Martens inhabit shrub meadows.
Martens move across the ground in a zig-zag fashion, often followed by a series of jumps.
Martens move across the ground in a zig-zag fashion, then take a series of jumps.
Martens occupy areas.
Martens occur in forest habitats.
Martens occur in habitats.
Martens prefer old coniferous forests in Northern climates.
Martens prey on small mammals, particularly mice and voles.
Martens produce one litter per year, with an average of slightly less than three young per female.
Martens seem to disappear into the backcountry when the number of park visitors increases.
Martens use a home range area larger than is typical for a mammal of their size.
Martens often visit bird feeders during winter to hunt the birds that visit the feeders.
Martens usually den in rotten logs.
Most martens are descended from animals.
Most martens come out at nights.
Most martens have anal glands.
Most martens have anal scent glands.
Most martens have diets.
Most martens have glands.
Most martens have habits.
Most martens have heads.
Most martens have inch length.
Most martens have length.
Most martens have mate habits.
Most martens have scent glands.
Most martens have sensitive whiskers.
Most martens have throats.
Most martens have triangular heads.
Most martens have whiskers.
Most martens inhabit shrub meadows.
Most martens occupy areas.
Most martens occur in forest habitats.
Most martens occur in habitats.
Some martens are classified as concern.
Some martens eat insects.
Some martens eat red squirrels.
Some martens eat squirrels.
Some martens escape predators.
Some martens feed on fruit.
Some martens have few natural predators.
Some martens have large spatial requirements.
Some martens have natural predators.
Some martens have patches.
Some martens have predators.
Some martens have ranges.
Some martens have requirements.
Some martens have roles.
Some martens have white throat patches.
Some martens inhabit regions.
Some martens kill hares.
Some martens kill snowshoe hares.
Some martens live in areas.
Some martens live in woodlands.
Some martens rely on voles.
Some martens use cavities.
Martensitic transformation is diffusionless.
Martial art is a path up the same mountain as a lot of other paths.
Martial art is a self-defense
Martial art is athletic activities.
Martial art is self defense.
Martial art is sports.
Martial art is the translation of Moo Do .
Martial arts are a recent import and are steadily gaining in popularity.
Martial arts are a vehicle for self awareness, to cross over from ignorance to wisdom.
Martial arts are a way of life.
Martial arts are like that.
Martial arts are multi-sensory, combining all three modalities in classes.
Martial arts are open to the yakuza.
Martial arts are so stereotyped in the public eye.
Martial arts are the total opposite of cerebral palsy.
Martial arts can give students many benefits.
Martial arts can teach self-discipline, control, coordination, and respect.
Martial arts captivates and maintains the student's attention for a lifetime of study and practice.
Martial arts have a deeper meaning than sport.
Martial arts have evolved so much over the years - no one can deny that.
Martial arts helps to improve physical strength, flexibility.
Martial arts is a great way to get in shape, gain confidence, and learn self-defense.
Martial arts is a healthy life style.
Martial arts is a physically demanding activity.
Martial arts is a term used loosely to describe many different fighting and sport styles today.
Martial arts is a vehicle to bring people together.
Martial arts is a way of life, it is much more than kicking and punching.
Martial arts is also popular.
Martial arts is an art form.
Martial arts is lot like acrobatic dancing.
Martial arts is our way of life.
Martial arts is used as a hook to interest children in non-violent conflict resolution.
Martial arts means more than kicks and punches.
Martial arts offers aspiring ninjas a melee approach to combat.
Martial arts play a considerable part in the second and third books.
Martial arts provides the best total workout available for both mind and body.
Martial arts teaches moral lessons about participating in society.
Martial arts teaches self-confidence which evolves into a consistently positive perspective.
All martial arts have forms.
All martial arts have something to offer, and most lead their students toward similar goals.
All martial arts regard internal energy as the root and outer power as proficiency.
Every martial art focuses on strikes to particular points of the body.
Every martial art has something to offer.
Every martial arts has a vision or symbol.
Many martial arts are either armed or barehand.
Many martial arts become well known through the big screen.
Many martial arts claim to trace their origins to the temple.
Many martial arts have a somewhat standardized ranking system.
Many martial arts have their roots in military combat training.
Many martial arts teach relatively simple disarm techniques.
Most martial arts are basically young males competing.
Most martial arts are either tense and linear in their orientation or are soft and circular.
Most martial arts emphasize a few muscle groups to the near exclusion of others.
Most martial arts permit only feet or fists, while some limit the target areas to above the waist.
Most martial arts require freedom of movement.
Most martial arts spend a only short time on knife fighting and strategy.
Most martial arts use the terminology of the language from where the martial art was developed.
Some martial arts are better tools for accomplishing certain objectives.
Some martial arts are just particular styles of wrestling, but most also allow striking.
Some martial arts have dance-like moves .
Some martial arts have dance-like moves.
Some martial arts teach methods of using the height and weight of an attacker against the attacker.
Martial artists are athletes.
Martial artists are in.
Martial artists are notoriously proud of their art and it's heritage.
Martial artists are workers.
Martial artists are, by nature, fiercely loyal to their chosen systems.
Martial artists can use to speed up recovery time from bruises or other external injuries.
Martial artists perform exercises to cultivate and strenghten their Chi.
Martial artists plan to mark the tragedy tonight with a vigil and candlelight procession.
Martial artists tend to be more peaceful because of their training and confidence.
Every martial artist dreams about a perfect training environment.
Every martial artist has their own reason to practice the martial arts.
Many martial artists are ignorant to the mental and spiritual benefits of their training.
Many martial artists believe that either jabs are useless or that back fists are useless.
Most martial artists spend considerable time practicing the techniques and methods of their art.
Some martial artists stress only the fighting side of the discipline.
Martial contributions run to the natural sophistacation of martial arts as a whole.
Martial dances are artistic ways to demonstrate fighting skills.
Martial eagles are powerful hunters, able to kill game birds, hyraxes and small antelope.
Martial eagles occur in virtually all habitats of South Africa.
A martial law is a law
Martial law continues in the streets of Seattle.
Martial law is a still in effect.
Martial law is declared at the city of Memphis.
Martial law is declared in Hawaii.
Martial law is declared in Seoul and surrounding areas.
Martial law is declared on a college campus.
Martial law is declared there. .
Martial law is declared.
Martial law is extended throughout S Korea.
Martial law is imposed to quell uprisings.
Martial law is imposed.
Martial law is military law.
Martial law is revoked.
Martial law is the prerogative of the president.
Martial laws are laws.
Martial music announces the glory of the coming struggle.
Martial music is a march
Martial pieces are generally faster and louder and often depict scenes in historic battles.
Martian animals are trickier as they tend to have a surfeit of limbs.
Martian craters can have a morphology that suggests the ground became wet after the meteor impacted.
Martian craters show the effects of weathering.
Most Martian craters have a quite different ejecta pattern.
Most Martian craters have quite a different ejecta pattern.
Martian days differ in length from Earth days.
Martian dust devils stirring things up.
Martian dust includes magnetic, composite particles, with a mean size of one micron.
Many Martian heads explode into green goo.
Martian humans attack Earth's perfect humans.
Martian invasion seem a preferable threat to life on earth.
Martian meteorite shows no signs of life on the red planet.
Martian meteorites are generally large.
Martian meteorites are like a great novel, spinning out the history of the Red Planet.
Martian meteorites are much rarer than diamonds however.
Martian meteorites are relatively young.
Martian meteorites offer some clues about conditions in the past.
Martian meteorites possess an interesting, though complicated, array of alteration products.
Martian pebbles tell watery tale.
Martian properties are available to all the people on Earth.
Martian rocks offer a windy tale.
Martian sand is dark, unlike Earth sands which are usually light colored.
Martian science seems to have been a bit weird.
Martian seasons are peculiar by Earth-standards, but they pale in comparison to seasons on Uranus.
Martian ships surround Earth eliciting varying responses from different people in different places.
Martian soil has hydrogen peroxide in it.
Martian soil has lots of peroxides, especially with iron.
Martian soils show that lakes and deep rivers once covered the Red Planet.
Martian temperatures are brutally cold, as a rule.
Martian terrain has flow channels similar to terrestrial dried riverbeds.
Martian time is completely out of phase with the Earth at the beginning of the mission.
Martian volcanoes are the shield type like the Hawaiian islands on Earth.
Martian volcanos are the size they are because of an absence of .
Martian winds blow sand and dust from region to region, often in spectacular dust storms.
Martian winds can be swift but the Martian air is so thin that it packs very little punch.
Martin County accelerates eight water quality improvement projects .
Martin County affords many interesting places of culture, history and fun.
Martin County benefits through exposure to the many ideas the conference generates.
Martin County boasts tens of thousands of acres of citrus.
Martin County borders the Atlantic and is situated on the southern end of the Indian River Lagoon.
Martin County has funds available for minor and moderate home repairs.
Martin County imposes impact fees on new development for roads, parks, and recreation.
Martin County is also interested in purchasing a public golf course for Martin County residents.
Martin County is an ideal location for new electrical generation.
Martin County is another water wonderland.
Martin County is blessed by a proliferation of new bridges.
Martin County is close to the average county on nearly all indicators.
Martin County is especially grateful to the Banner Lake Resident's Association.
Martin County is in good hands.
Martin County is included in the ban.
Martin County is located in southern Minnesota.
Martin County is located on the Atlantic cost of Florida, approximately midway down the state.
Martin County is mainly agrarian and steeped in history.
Martin County ranks fifth in citrus and vegetable production in the state.
Martin County restricts development to the primary urban service area.
Martin County wants to be even better prepared for next season's dry spell.
Martin field is enclosed in the track on the right.
Martin guitars are light, aesthetically pleasing instruments.
Martin houses are usually the most secure man-made nest sites.
Martin houses come in many shapes and sizes.
Martin students are grown-ups with adult pressures who are seriously focused during classes.
A martin is a swallow
Martin acrosss eight miles of crystal clear blue waters of the Caribbean Sea.
Martin advises against having two celebrations for kids of divorced parents.
Martin applies pressure throughout the round.
Martin arrives at their place looking and acting like a hunted animal.
Martin aspires to be a drama professor.
Martin awaits funding from federal partners .
Martin awaits trial on two counts of vehicular homicide.
Martin begins by noting that the resurrection is essential to the Christian faith.
Martin begins with a description of the most common crimes during the Third Republic.
Martin begins with an interesting narrative of the origins of the French police.
Martin claims such minute details can decide a Test match.
Martin concedes it's been a long summer.
Martin dances away from it, half a beat before the crowd begins to find it tedious.
Martin disagrees because so many innocent sailors died as well.
Martin discovers how a banquet meal comes layers upon layers stacked inside one large pot.
Martin faces murder, robbery and conspiracy charges.
Martin isa bird.
Martin knows as well as anyone what it means to have a low grade.
Martin lands a nice right hand.
Martin lands a right hook and continues to pressure with jabs and body blows.
Martin lands a shot to the head to excite the crowd and finish the round.
Martin lands two hard right hands to close out the round.
Martin lays out a framework for analog system design.
Martin lists five major disrupters - optics, silicon, wireless, packets and software.
Martin lists three directions contemporary Islamic architecture has taken.
Martin lives alone, in a rigid and compromising lifestyle, and is fiercely independent.
Martin lives in Decatur, Georgia.
Martin lives in Geneva.
Martin lives in Manchester, England.
Martin lives in Minneapolis.
Martin lives in Morgan Hill, California.
Martin lives in Northern California, and owns a telecommunications software company.
Martin lives in Peru.
Martin lives in Vancouver, Canada, and is busily working on a new book.
Martin looks after the shop which carries a wide range of motorhome and caravan accessories.
Martin loves sucking head and eating tail.
Martin moves in and soon falls into a career as a male model.
Martin picks it up and shoots everyone dead.
Martin places each problem in a context, then offers a solution for that context.
Martin points out that the flip side also is true.
Martin pokes through a desk-like affair at the front of the store.
Martin prefers to view the animals as tools assisting the counselor.
Martin pulls out a scrabble board from beneath the bed.
Martin retrieves the sword, but pays a terrible price in doing so.
Martin returns to the land of the seven kingdoms.
Martin rushes to the rescue with an explanation.
Martin takes aim.
Martin takes pride position in the best possible place.
Martin tosses the chair into the corner next to several other collapsed rocking chairs.
Martin warms up before the show.
Martin wishes they'd let the matter rest.
Martin works on the evolutionary ecology of the monotropoid mycorrhizal symbiosis.
Martin works with adult patients who are aphasics.
Martins act independently and only defend their specific territory.
Martins are beautiful, graceful, clean, interesting and beneficial.
Martins are birds.
Martins are comedians.
Martins are communal nesters and seek out other martins when looking for nesting sites.
Martins are daytime feeders, and feed high in the sky.
Martins are diurnal hunters, meaning that they hunt during the daylight hours.
Martins are fast learners and quickly learn to accept and negotiate the new style holes.
Martins are gregarious in nature and prefer to nest in groups.
Martins are here.
Martins are larger than the other species, and barn swallows have forked tails.
Martins are no match for sparrows in head on interactions.
Martins are now entirely dependent on human supplied housing east of the Rockies.
Martins are persistent as long they continue to win.
Martins are primarily diurnal.
Martins are still a wonderful bird and are very enjoyable to host.
Martins are superb fliers and spend many hours on the wing finding food or just plain enjoying life.
Martins are swallows.
Martins are too large to easily enter such nests.
Martins begin returning to North America in early spring.
Martins do the same thing with each other during their battles inside nest compartments.
Martins eat honeybees.
Martins eat insects.
Martins feed quite high in the air and mosquitoes typically stay close to the ground.
Martins generally migrate over land, through Mexico and Central America .
Martins has a banquet of talent in the company, cuts in staff aside.
Martins have (part) air sacs.
Martins have (part) bird's feet.
Martins have (part) brains.
Martins have (part) breasts.
Martins have (part) cell membranes.
Martins have (part) cells.
Martins have (part) chest cavities.
Martins have (part) chests.
Martins have (part) corpi.
Martins have (part) cytoplasm.
Martins have (part) ears.
Martins have (part) faces.
Martins have (part) flight feathers.
Martins have (part) heads.
Martins have (part) lips.
Martins have (part) mouths.
Martins have (part) nuclei.
Martins have (part) plasma membranes.
Martins have (part) quill feathers.
Martins have (part) rib cages.
Martins have (part) second joints.
Martins have (part) sections.
Martins have (part) skulls.
Martins have (part) sterna.
Martins have (part) talons.
Martins have (part) vacuoles.
Martins have (part) wishbones.
Martins have a strange sense of humor.
Martins have a very strong site fidelity for their home sites.
Martins have specific space and habitat requirements.
Martins have very specific aerial space requirements.
Martins have very specific space requirements.
Martins is located on the left.
Martins is of the opinion that the industry is being badly administered.
Martins is the team's top returning all-around performer.
Martins like to perch on old tree snags, TV antennas, and utility lines.
Martins make nests from twigs, weeds, dead leaves, coarse grasses and similar materials.
Martins molt during the winter months while in their southern hangouts.
Martins occupy a house ten to twenty feet off the ground.
Martins prefer much larger prey.
Martins returning north to breed for their first time come back several weeks later.
Martins seem to be attracted to white houses.
Martins still run the teashop on the top floor of the building.
Martins stresses that everyone can make a difference.
Some martins have interest.
Some martins return to areas.
Some martins return to villages.
A martingale is a spar
Martingales are special stochastic processes.
A martini is a cocktail
Martini isa alcohol.
Martini occur too quickly in succession to have been fired from the indicated bolt-action rifle.
Martinis are a specialty.
Martinis are campy, naughtily named and extremely potent.
Martinis are cocktails.
Martinis are excellent.
Martinis are exceptionally hot here.
Martinis are our specialty.
Martinis are the local favorite.
Martinis are the specialty cocktail.
Martinis arrive in a fishbowl-style glass on a bed of crushed ice.
Martinis arrive in crystal on a bed of crushed ice.
Martinis come in glasses the size of fishbowls, and the olives are large and cleverly stuffed.
Martinis require patience, care and a dose of respect.
Martinis run about the same.
Martinis start when the beer is gone.
Many martinis are quaffed, and several energetic swing dances are spotlighted.
Martinique orioles sing songs.
Martinique isa thing.
Martinsdale soils have a frigid temperature regime and an ustic moisture regime.
A martyr is a victim
Martyrs are favorite subjects of church windows, and have their own iconography.
Martyrs are holocausts offered to the divine love and glory.
Martyrs are people who died for their faith, for goodness, for principles, for values.
Martyrs are the most honored people and the strugglers are their alive colleagues.
Martyrs are victims.
Martyrs attract their own following, their own imitators.
Martyrs can be effective only if their martyrdom becomes known to the public.
Martyrs can feel themselves rewarded by the promise of immortality.
Martyrs die to defend their homes and rally the rest of the population into a killing frenzy.
Martyrs do, indeed, witness for their faith.
Martyrs have a high task orientation.
Martyrs have a lot at stake.
Martyrs have a story line which is stereotypic and habitual.
Martyrs have little ability to receive, and rob others of the gift of giving.
Martyrs now seem more human.
Martyrs often believe it is their obligation to remain in their position in life.
Martyrs often give their life willingly for their cause.
Martyrs often seek sympathy for their plight.
All martyrs rise again in history, each in their own way.
Martyrings are torturing.
Maruyama park is a famous place in kyoto.
A marvel is an occurrence
Marvel comes to know the group.
Marvel delivers on both counts.
Marvel later finds the bullet in the bedding and pockets it as a souvenir.
Marvel notes the difference in size of the man's feet.
Marvel opts out to hunt a horse's tooth.
MarVEL provides links to many commercially available business information services.
Marvel rides off, eventually arriving at the railroad town.
Marvels are admiration.
Marvels are in sudden short supply.
Marvels are surprise.
Marvels routinely make the front page of the newspapers.
Many marvellous views await hikers, painters and photographers.
Marvellous windows seem to lack any support and yet let in light of unforeseen quality.
Marvelous antiques abound as well, reflecting New Mexico's centuries-old heritage.
Marvelous photographs show native artists in Africa as they work to create their art.
Marvelous rewards come to the non-attached man or woman.
Marxian sentences are like thick racemes of grapes.
Marxian socialism preaches the struggle of the proletariat against the bourgeoisie.
Marxist arguments tend to demonize management.
Marxist critics tend to relate everything they can to socio-economic considerations.
Marxist dialectics are opposed to one-sidedness.
Marxist doctrinaires rule unknown to many outside Ethiopia.
Marxist ethics recognizes that what is good for the exploiting class is bad for the working class.
Marxist implications abound in Dadaism as well.
Marxist intellectuals judge the state's practices on the basis of Communist ideals.
Marxist interpretations emphasize the economic and material conditions of all human activity.
Marxist orthodoxy helps too, at least in the humanities.
Marxist philosophy is a black cat in a dark room.
Marxist rebels control the countryside, slaughtering innocent civilians while trafficking in drugs.
Marxist scholarship is commonplace in literary studies, sociology, anthropology, and history.
Marxist theorists talk about lots of issues.
Marxist tyrannies add private property to the control recipe.
Maryland isa thing.
Marzipan isa candy.
Masai giraffes are from Kenya and have patterns that look like oak leaves.
Masai giraffes have irregular starshaped markings with colors from black to pale orange.
Masai giraffes originate from Kenya and Tanzania.
Masai girls perform for the international church visitors.
Masai life revolves around the cattle and goats.
Masai warriors are also very close knit within their group.
Masai women wear earrings to show they're married.
Masali spirits are capable of all sorts of tricks and trouble, especially at night.
Masan city is a port town surrounded low hills on the back, similar to Kobe city of Japan.
Mascarpone cheese is a creamy Italian cheese.
Mascarpone cheese is a soft creamy cheese that is a key ingredient in Tiramisu.
A mascarpone is cheese
Mascarpone is a dense, creamy fresh cheese from Italy.
Mascarpone is a rich and creamy cheese product found in the refrigerated deli section.
Mascarpone is a rich Italian cream cheese often served with fruit for dessert.
Mascarpone is a thick, sweet Italian cream cheese that has the texture of sour cream.
Mascarpone is a triple-creme cheese.
Mascarpone is a very soft cheese made from extremely contented cows.
Mascarpone is expensive.
A mascot is an organism
Mascot isa organism.
Mascots appeal to children first, women second, men third.
Mascots are jokes, usually.
Mascots are organisms.
Mascots are silly and sweet.
Mascots are the center of debate in several states.
Mascots are veelas.
Mascots bring entertainment and pride for each fanbase that has the luck to have one.
Mascots can never honor Native people, no matter the best of intentions.
Mascots can range from the low hundreds to thousands of dollars.
Mascots create poor attitudes among Indian students.
Mascots get their workout and lead the school with spirit.
Mascots get to travel to away games.
Mascots have (part) cell membranes.
Mascots have (part) cells.
Mascots have (part) corpi.
Mascots have (part) cytoplasm.
Mascots have (part) nuclei.
Mascots have (part) plasma membranes.
Mascots have (part) sections.
Mascots have (part) vacuoles.
Mascots have an uncanny ability to bring people together.
Mascots Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Mascots perpetuate stereotypes.
Mascots represent all that is evil with conventions.
Mascots serve many purposes for college athletics.
Mascots always have to look their best, and our concept artists are full of exciting ideas.
All mascots are screen printed with Greek letters.
Every mascot comes with a one year free cleaning and repair service.
More masculine body build.
Masculine ears emit fewer hums.
Masculine energy is mediated by thought, logic, analysis, choice.
Masculine flow is dominant, particularly in our modern western society.
Masculine gender includes the feminine, unless otherwise indicated.
Masculine men are also tender men.
Masculine men have great difficulty in expressing warmth, playfulness and concern.
Masculine rhyme See rhyme.
Masculine signs are more direct and energy- driven.
Masculine socialization has nothing to do with it.
Masculine wildness is overcome by civilized femininity.
Masculinity allows aggression, which leads to rape.
Masculinity appears to be in crisis.
Masculinity based on violence is a tradition that is exploding in our faces.
Masculinity calls for bold and full shades of blue and brown.
Masculinity does contribute.
Masculinity goes to school.
Masculinity has no monopoly on the mind, and femininity has no exclusive dominion over the heart.
Masculinity has to do more with assertiveness where as feminity is more nurture.
Masculinity is a performed gender identity.
Masculinity is all.
Masculinity is associated more commonly with adult men than with boys.
Masculinity is broadcasted in the airwaves and in magazines as lean, mean muscled machine.
Masculinity is certainly concerned with their right to their guns, their phallic symbol.
Masculinity is dangerous for men's health.
Masculinity is equated with striving, moving, and activity.
Masculinity is expressed in militaristic terms that focus men on the violent control of others.
Masculinity is in crisis and has been going through significant changes.
Masculinity is just as sacred and just as inherently worthy as femininity.
Masculinity is mentioned at several points, but neither it nor femininity receive adequate coverage.
Masculinity is more than penis and testicles, as femininity is more than clitoris and vagina.
Masculinity is risky and elusive.
Masculinity is sexuality
Masculinity is simply a cover term under which an entire array of gendered behaviors are clustered.
Masculinity is the antithesis of femininity.
Masculinity is tied to aggression.
Masculinity is traits.
Masculinity is viewed as a problem to overcome.
Masculinity only exists within a system of gender relations.
Masculinity represents the bulk of failure in a world dominated by indistinct philosophy.
Masculinity runs in the family.
A masdevallia is an orchid
Masdevallia infracta is more tolerant of warmer temperatures.
A maser is an amplifier
Masers are amplifiers.
Masers are atomic clocks which have outstanding short-term stability.
Masers are m icrowave a mplification by s timulated e mission of r adiation.
Masers are similar devices for microwaves.
Masers are the radio equivalent of lasers.
Masers arise naturally in space, in clouds of warm dust and gas.
Maserati cars divide broadly into three main categories.
Maserati enthusiasts are welcome.
Every mash tun has a different thermal mass.
Mash cauliflower with a fork or puree in a food processor or blender.
Mash is feed
Mashed banana is one food that many infants especially enjoy.
A masher is a kitchen utensil
Mashers are more sensitive to taste than gulpers.
Mashers lose by two, an their owner shows up to work with bloodshot eyes due to sleep deprivation.
A masjid is house of worship
Masjids are important, but there is a disproportionate emphasis on traditional things.
Masjids are places of worship.
Masjids go up.
Most masjids have at least one dome , and some have one or more towers .
Most masjids have at least one dome, and some have one or more towers.
Mask shrews produce sound.
Mask shrews produce ultrasonic sound.
Mask work is an excellent way to discover the power of gesture, simplicity, and physical control.
Mask work is essential in the school's pedagogy.
Mask works are a relatively new form of intellectual property.
A mask is a covering
A mask is a disguise
Mask presents different image from what is being said.
Masks abound, sometimes with the entire costume used in dance.
Masks allow the user to isolate specific areas of an image.
Masks also make great wall decorations.
Masks appear, transform and float about the stage in a supernatural manner.
Masks are a covering used to disguise or protect the face.
Masks are a critical tooling item for the chipmaking industry.
Masks are a form of play and fantasy.
Masks are a form of sculpture.
Masks are a means of adaptation to society and a protection for the psyche.
Masks are a way for children to try on different roles.
Masks are acceptable.
Masks are accessories.
Masks are agents of celebration and transcendence, of commemoration and transformation.
Masks are alive.
Masks are also familiar as pieces of kit associated with practical functions, usually protective.
Masks are always warn to protect against airborne contaminants.
Masks are available for all employees bothered by the problem.
Masks are available for sale and rental.
Masks are available in children's, and adult sizes.
Masks are available in standard colors as well as customized artistic renderings.
Masks are available with complete hardware or thru water communications.
Masks are but the face beneath the face beneath the mask.
Masks are central to carnival, offering the liberation of anonymity.
Masks are characteristically black, white, red and representative of animals.
Masks are common to all cultures, even our own, but they vary greatly from culture to culture.
Masks are common to many cultures and can be intended to be worn or for purely ornamental purposes.
Masks are concealment.
Masks are confusing and sometimes hard to understand.
Masks are covering.
Masks are dense with meaning.
Masks are disguises.
Masks are either full head masks or come with velcro straps around the back.
Masks are essential.
Masks are excellent rapport building tools for young and old.
Masks are frequently part of mythic ritual.
Masks are grayscale.
Masks are great liberators.
Masks are important elements of some dances, and determine the character of the dance.
Masks are important to many African tribes.
Masks are kind of a signature of culture- often taking their origin in religious or ritual heritage.
Masks are like stencils that protect parts of an image.
Masks are literally masks that allow only certain areas of an image through.
Masks are located in carnivals.
Masks are mostly dance accessories.
Masks are often present to instruct during initiation, rites of passage and funerals.
Masks are on sale.
Masks are one of the film's central symbols.
Masks are optional.
Masks are part of daily life, and in some instances they are indispensable.
Masks are present in every aspect of life, in one way or another.
Masks are protective covering.
Masks are ready to use and optimized for matchless print quality.
Masks are reusable and latex free.
Masks are selections and the two articles work hand in hand.
Masks are the trigger.
Masks are used in many magical or shamanistic rituals in non-western societies.
Masks are usually nitride, although there is a moderately slow oxide etch rate.
Masks are usually of beings either human, animal, male or female.
Masks are well represented in the exhibition.
Masks are worn in ceremonies and for hunting.
Masks arrive with artists and celebrities .
Masks bring out the hidden side.
Masks can be either positive or negative.
Masks can be either solid black and white or they can be grayscale.
Masks can be hot and uncomfortable and, more importantly, they can obstruct a child's vision.
Masks can be mysterious and intimidating for beginning graphic artists.
Masks can be unsafe for some people to use.
Masks can be very uncomfortable.
Masks can block vision and be hot and uncomfortable.
Masks can hide, protect, disguise, liberate, or transform the wearer.
Masks can keep children from seeing well or completely.
Masks can obscure vision and lead to accidents, so makeup is a safer alternative.
Masks can obstruct a child s vision and breathing.
Masks can obstruct a child's vision.
Masks can obstruct vision and hearing.
Masks can obstruct vision.
Masks Carved masks are like totem poles, they both represent human, animals, and mystical ones too.
Masks come in a variety of forms, but all represent incarnations of gods, ancestors or bush spirits.
Masks come in flexible, rigid, plastic, neoprenish material, and different colors.
Masks come to mind.
Masks Complete an individualized full-feature mask.
Masks conceal and reveal.
Masks created by community members adorn the structure.
Masks define the amplitude, risetime, falltime, and jitter for pulses in telecom networks.
Masks demand large gestures, or at least definite gestures, concentrated, energetic movements.
Masks exist to conceal.
Masks expose a chemical coating called photoresist to ultraviolet light.
Masks gaze down from the corners of the elaborate cornice.
Masks go back on tomorrow.
Masks have different uses in the ritual context.
Masks have steel face mask, padding inside, and mint in original packaging.
Masks help, as do the dust-collecting attachments that have been developed for saws.
Masks hold a special place in African art.
Masks is a comprehensive site around a specific cultural 'trait'.
Masks is a masterful work of mystery, adventure and terror.
Masks is an integral part of social life, ceremonies and rituals.
Masks is geared for youth.
Masks leak for reasons other than poor fit, including being adjusted too tightly.
Masks make a colorful display in African decor.
Masks Make a mask and act out ways to meet new friends.
Masks make an appearance, sometimes grotesque, sometimes childlike.
Masks Make masks using paper plates.
Masks offer far more flexibility and creative power than simple selections.
Masks offer much finer control of how filters, effects, and colors are applied.
Masks only reduce the inhalation of acrylic dust.
Masks permit spontaneity.
Masks play a key part within world theatre traditions, particularly non-western theatre forms.
Masks play an important role in totemic rituals.
Masks promote anonymity and egalitarianism.
Masks Provides information on masks, alphabetically, by culture, and by region of the world.
Masks reduce exposure to irritants.
Masks represent humans and animals.
Masks representing animals also come in different sizes.
Masks seem to alienate people.
Masks shown are digital photographs of actual masks.
Masks still play a role today in secular festivities.
Masks suggest mystery and ambiguity and lend the work an eerie, timeless effect.
Masks Talk about one of the most important pieces of equipment in paintball.
Masks tend to fall off and block vision.
Masks transform adults in a similar way.
Masks used in initiation and for education purposes are common.
Masks used in performances of sacred dances are sacred and as such revered and kept so in temples.
Masks used in the chip making process are like stencils.
Masks used in the chip-making process are like stencils.
Masks often employ additional materials, like shells, or can be made entirely from fiber.
Masks often refer to a clan totem such as crocodile or eagle.
Masks often represent departed ancestors, spirit beings, and invisible powers.
Masks usually have a neutral expression, which allows the actor to give the character life.
All masks are in decimal.
All masks belong to the king.
All masks come with an inset hook for wall display.
All masks come with snorkels as described.
All masks have adjustable ear loops for individual fit.
All masks have large geometric eyes and stylized features.
All masks represent some type of transformation.
Every mask is a symbol of the ancestral spirits.
Every mask is made with the philosophy that the boundaries are limitless as to what can be created.
Every mask is unique - no two are exactly the same.
Many masks quickly fog up.
Most masks are square.
Most masks come in several sizes.
Most masks have eyes, nose, mouth, and hair.
Most masks trap some moisture and heat, but some are specifically designed to do so.
Some masks are dark with white striations, and others the reverse.
Some masks are highly recognizable as human faces while others are animal representations.
Some masks are part of costumes and headdresses.
Some masks are two-dimensional structures designed to only cover the face.
Some masks can give different expressions by changing the inclination.
Some masks have black shadows as if to explain that Venice is sinking.
Some masks have extra coverage at the back of the head to protect against whip-overs.
Some masks have skirtings shaped in such a way that are very difficult for divers to equalise.
Some masks represent hunting spirits.
Some masks serve as reminders of ancient deities from the prehistoric world.
Some masks serve to protect the wearer against physical dangers.
Some masks symbolize the transition from childhood to adulthood.
Masked anarchists are anti-democratic and secretive because they hide their identities .
Masked anarchists are anti-democratic and secretive because they hide their identities.
Masked boobies are the largest of the booby family.
Masked boobies plunge head first into the ocean to catch flying fish and squid.
Masked dances are a part of the celebrations.
Masked faults are undetectable by definition since the observed circuit behavior is correct.
Masked gunmen threaten an unsuspecting, seemingly harmless man.
Masked mummers are there to scare away souls who seem to be staying too long.
Masked people parade the main street.
Masked protesters are well aware that good pictures make front-page news.
Masked review is available on request.
A masked shrew is an insectivore
Masked shrews are active day and night, but especially at dusk.
Masked shrews are opportunistic generalists.
Masked shrews become sexually mature at two months, but wait until their first spring to breed.
Masked shrews can be nocturnal or diurnal depending on the weather.
Masked shrews can live up to two years, but averagely only survive eighteen months.
Masked shrews molt twice a year.
Masked workers move a corpse.
Maskings are sensation.
Maslow splits esteem into two categories.
Masochism involves humiliation, or being made to suffer.
Masochism is a whole different ballgame.
Masochism is an essentially psychological ritual re-enacting whatever inspires someone sexually.
Masochism is closer.
Masochism is sexual activities.
Masochism is sexual pleasure
Masochism is sexual pleasure.
Masochism is the association of passively endured cruelty and violence.
Masochism is the experience of suffering accompanied by pleasure.
Masochism seems to be most common among successful, individualistic people.
A masochist is an offender
Masochists are people who enjoy pain, to many the enjoyment is of a sexual nature.
Masochists are people who have pain confused with pleasure.
Masochists can use a file to remove enough metal from the end of the socket to form the spanner.
Masochists derive pleasure from pain or humiliation usually within a sexual context.
Masochists do exist.
Masochists use to create entire web sites.
Some masochists even enjoy it.
Some masochists require pain or humiliation in order to function sexually.
Masochistic activity tends to be ritualized and chronic.
Many masochistic characters engage in the game of failure to cover an inner feeling of superiority.
Masochistic trails are for semi pro riders and pro riders only.
Masochistic types choose the bigger and heavier the breakfast the better.
Some mason bees use mud.
Mason City boasts a diversified economic base which adds stability to the community.
Mason City boasts outdoor recreation in the finest American tradition.
Mason City is a tough team.
Mason City is searched separately.
Mason City is the ninth stop on the replica's Iowa tour.
Mason County has some of the finest farms and fruit growing areas in Michigan.
Mason County is home to cattle, sheep, goats and exotics.
Mason County is one of the fastest growing counties in the State.
Mason County is part of the Western Counties Consortium.
Some mason jars fill with cookies.
Some mason jars fill with fortune cookies.
Mason Township is located in the middle of the second tier of Murray County.
A mason is an artisan
Mason isa worker.
Masons act with honor in everything they do.
Masons also provide 'Helping Hands' in a non-monetary way.
Masons apply the mixture with a tool or a coarse cloth.
Masons are active in their dedication to improve life.
Masons are concerned with developing their minds and enlarging their scope of knowledge.
Masons are craftsmans.
Masons are faggots.
Masons are in the business of leading souls to hell.
Masons are in the pulpits, in other positions of leadership in the church and in the pews.
Masons are members of a traditional, respected construction trade.
Masons are men of charity and good works.
Masons are men of good character who strive to improve themselves and make the world a better place.
Masons are no different.
Masons are there to help.
Masons are tolerant, or ecumenical.
Masons are tradesmans.
Masons become more and more a part of the community through various lodge-sponsored events.
Masons become painters.
Masons begin clean up and scaffolding removal as block work nears completion.
Masons build brick walls .
Masons build brick walls.
Masons build the wall by alternating layers of mortar and courses of stone.
Masons build walls.
Masons call it common courtesy.
Masons come from all walks of life and levels of income.
Masons continue to build the wall by alternating layers of mortar and courses of stone.
Masons create curbs and gutters, steps, sidewalks, and even roads.
Masons date their official documents in a manner peculiar to themselves.
Masons direct the pouring of the concrete and supervise the laborers who spread it.
Masons donate millions of dollars to charity every day.
Masons finish block work, and clean up.
Masons have (part) arms.
Masons have (part) body substances.
Masons have (part) cell membranes.
Masons have (part) cells.
Masons have (part) corpi.
Masons have (part) cytoplasm.
Masons have (part) heads.
Masons have (part) human bodies.
Masons have (part) legs.
Masons have (part) material bodies.
Masons have (part) necks.
Masons have (part) nuclei.
Masons have (part) personality.
Masons have (part) plasma membranes.
Masons have (part) sections.
Masons have (part) vacuoles.
Masons have adjustable scaffolds to keep the work at waist height.
Masons have that power.
Masons is an international law firm.
Masons learn through a series of lessons.
Masons look at things from a slightly different perspective.
Masons look to grow.
Masons maintain many types of local charitable projects.
Masons never solicit new members.
Masons plans to offer consultations via e-mail for a fee by the end of the year.
Masons prepare to build more of the outside classroom walls on the west side of the building.
Masons provide homes for the elderly and for orphans.
Masons regard the Bible as one of the many sacred books.
Masons start careers.
Masons support free schools.
Masons take up permanent residences.
Masons take up residences.
Masons teach that principal.
Masons teach that principle.
Masons tell of the frauds in Masonry.
Masons tend to work mainly part time and part year, full time.
Masons then fill the area between the stones with mortar and wash off the extra.
Masons use a special hammer and chisel to cut stone.
Masons use bricks, concrete blocks, or concrete to build walls, walkways, and fences.
Masons use knowledge.
Masons volunteer their time to serve as adult supervisors in the penalty boxes.
Masons widely consider the whole affair ironic and unfortunate.
Masons will have memory.
Masons work at building their lives and character, just as a carpenter works a building a house.
Masons work at building their lives and character, just as a carpenter works at building a house.
Masons work with brick, concrete and glass block, tiles, terra cotta, and stone.
Masons work with brick, concrete block and stone.
Masons often lift heavy materials and stand, kneel, and bend for long periods.
All masons are welcome.
All Masons are welcome.
Any mason can lay one brick in ten seconds.
Many Masons are well aware of the pagan connection.
Many Masons collect coins.
Many masons first gain experience as construction laborers.
Most Masons also have an engraved membership certificate.
Most Masons also possess a white lambskin apron.
Most masons build walls.
Most Masons deny that Masonic ritual teaches salvation.
Most masons know how to build grills.
Most Masons never get beyond the first few levels.
Most masons start careers.
Most masons take up permanent residences.
Most masons take up residences.
Most masons use knowledge.
Some masons have passions.
Some masons recognize roles.
Some masons use one type of powered hand-tool only, while others use a range of tools.
Some masons work in construction.
Some masons work in residential construction.
Masonic charities contribute to many fields from education to disaster relief.
Masonic charity is more than giving money for some needy or worthwhile project.
Masonic education is our main objective.
Masonic emphasis is on a more positive aspect.
Masonic halls have no windows because they are largely a secret fraternal order.
Masonic leadership is elected, usually annually.
Masonic lodges come together to try to resolve their differences.
Masonic oaths involve more than what most Masons think.
Masonic obligations demand such action.
Masonic regulations require that it be read to the membership.
Masonic rituals are passion plays in which the candidate takes part.
Masonic symbols are part of each of the gilded gargolyes at the base of the ceiling beams.
Masonic teaching is symbolic.
Masonic visitors are always welcome.
Much Masonic vocabulary dates from that period.
Masonic work is the work of the individual on the self.
Masonite facing is in place.
Masonry heaters are ideal in cold climates where there is a demand for steady heat.
Masonry heaters fill the bill perfectly .
Masonry heaters fill the bill perfectly.
Masonry heaters store heat.
Masonry walls are in progress along with the Mechanical and Electrical work.
Masonry walls are up and tie beams are nearing completion.
Masonry walls can be any color in direct gain systems.
Masonry walls require very low maintenance.
Masonry absorbs water through pores and capillaries.
Masonry block full of rain water.
Masonry brings men together for fellowship and the promotion of integrity and good citizenship.
Masonry crashes from the roof and splashes into the moat.
Masonry deals with manhood, square and upright.
Masonry glorifies the sexual attributes of humanity, in a disguised way.
Masonry helps men see their potential for deep goodness and virtue.
Masonry is a structure
Masonry is a worldwide fraternity with the singular purpose of making good men better.
Masonry is many things to many people.
Masonry is more than a social order or a men's club.
Masonry is now and always has been the perfect blueprint for the brotherhood of man.
Masonry is of itself naked and worthless.
Masonry is one of the most enduring household components.
Masonry is one of the nations most noble, yet misunderstood associations.
Masonry is open to all men of good character of all races and creeds.
Masonry is part of construction.
Masonry is practiced worldwide.
Masonry is structures.
Masonry is trade.
Masonry opens doors.
Masonry refrains from solicitation of members.
Masonry regularly contributes to other groups and organizations.
Masonry resists damage from moisture so cleaning is easier with masonry building interiors.
Masonry takes no account of a man's political beliefs.
Masonry teaches men to be religious without advocating a particular doctrine, or creed.
Masonry wall around the perimeter of a motte , replacing a timber palisade .
Masonry work first, fencing and gazebo can come later.
Masonry work on basement completed, and underway to enclose first floor and second floor.
Masonry work on the building is finished.
Masonry work on the grotto in finally progressing.
Masonry work to begin.
Some masonry remains in the south west corner and a few masonry walls within the present building.
Masons marks are also visible.
A masque is a party
Masque offers the very latest in sound equipment backed by a large staff of dedicated technicians.
Masque succeeds in a big way that is going to make a lot of readers very happy.
Masques are an absolute requirement in a great skin care routine.
Masques preforms several times a year.
Masquerade dancing is one of the great mysteries of African dance.
Masquerade rules are a special class of filtering rule.
A masquerade is pretense
Masquerades also occur at funerals in order to appease the spirits of the deceased.
Masquerades are fun.
Masquerades are parties.
Masquerades are pretense.
Masquerades have a way of unraveling, however, that expose one's true intentions to the light.
Masquerades use many different materials and techniques.
A masquerader is a participant
Masqueraders are often able to read and copy confidential files.
Masqueraders choose their favourites and pay the requisite fee to sign up.
Masqueradings are acting.
Mass acceptance indicates superficiality in what is billed as a deep product.
Mass accumulation causes problems.
Most mass accumulation causes problems.
A mass action is a principle
Mass actions are only one part of anarchist organizing.
Mass actions continue to occur on campuses in Jakarta and other cities in Indonesia.
All mass actions seem to begin because the mass wants to act together.
Mass activism makes repression meaningless.
Mass addition is greater for large ships because they add more fighters.
Mass advertisers are large chain companies that want to reach the largest audience possible.
Mass apathy can vanish suddenly.
Mass arrests occur.
Mass arrests result in mass destruction of families.
Mass art is, for most commentators, one of the defining features of the twentieth century.
Mass assignments result in the first few students borrowing most of the books.
Mass balance describes the net gain or loss of snow and ice through a given year.
Mass balance is reported in meters of water equivalent.
Mass balance is the difference between the two quantities.
Mass balance varies from location to location.
Mass balloon launches nation-wide with students writing their debts on cards to send aloft.
Mass cards are available from the following addresses, usually for a donation.
Mass casualty drill current.
Mass certifications are available from the milligram to kilogram ranges.
Mass communication can deliver same message to large audiences, at low cost per person.
Mass communication courses.
Mass communication defines the culture, and journalism is more important than ever.
Mass communication examines issues of creating, distributing, and receiving mass media messages.
Mass communication involves the creation, dissemination, and reception of many kinds of messages.
Mass communication is a powerful and complex set of processes.
Mass communication is communicating.
Mass communication is in printed form.
Mass communication is issuing.
Mass communication is one of the most powerful forces yet invented.
Mass communication is one-way, and feed back can be slow and inaccurate.
Mass communication is social events.
Mass communication is targeted at a disperse audience.
Mass communication models for the study of mass communications .
Mass communications are less effective than targeted advertising.
All mass communication courses focus on the vital link between theory and practice.
Mass concentration exceeds limits.
Most mass concentration exceeds limits.
Mass confusion is probably the most accurate description of the physical manifestations.
Mass consciousness creates and defines our world.
Mass consciousness creates dramas in order to look at different issues.
Mass consumerism is built on such absurdity.
Mass consumerism is fun for all.
Mass conversions are very rare.
Mass culture demands super stars.
Mass culture is another central feature of youth culture.
Mass culture is basically an American invention.
Mass culture is culture
Mass culture is culture.
Mass culture is even more representative of the fashion process than is fashion itself .
Mass culture is imposed from above.
Mass culture is what it is because the masses prefer it.
Mass culture pushes quantity, while high culture extols quality.
Mass death can follow.
Mass delusions can also have a humorous side.
Mass density is a catalyst for nuclear fusion.
Mass density is represented in grey-levels.
Mass deportations are the first option.
Mass desertions are rampant and whole divisions lay down their arms and surrender.
Mass designs are oval, circular, fan-shaped, or triangular in form.
Mass devotion is surely just around the corner.
Most mass disasters occur suddenly and cause great panic, fear and confusion.
Mass disease striking suddenly over one area is seems unlikely.
Mass distribution is what hurts industries.
Mass duplication is an essential part of the digital evangelist program.
Mass education teaches how to navigate in a sea of knowledge.
Mass education wipes out illiteracy, with schools set up in the deepest countryside.
Mass effect can cause further damage by compressing and displacing delicate brain tissue.
Mass effect is present with effacement of the overlying cortical sulci.
Mass equilibrium is futile since the apparent neutrality within layers only makes for new layers.
Mass erosion is common for many years after logging.
Mass events seem to have an effect on the individual.
Mass extinction events have impact.
Mass extinction changes life.
Mass extinction is always a possibility.
Mass extinction is caused by events.
Mass extinction is the process in which huge numbers of species die out suddenly.
Mass extinction occurs during time.
Mass extinctions are a bit like that too.
Mass extinctions are a real possibility unless human actions alter.
Mass extinctions are complex phenomena.
Mass extinctions are geologically rare and globally widespread.
Mass extinctions are quite a different type of extinction than the background extinctions.
Mass extinctions are the greatest murder mysteries ever known.
Mass extinctions are thought to result when a long-term stress is compounded by a short term shock.
Mass extinctions define other major breaks in the geologic time scale.
Mass extinctions mediate the major evolutionary changes.
Most mass extinction is caused by events.
Most mass extinction occurs during time.
Some mass extinction takes places.
Mass flooding occurs in Indonesia, Eastern Australia, and Southern Asia.
Mass flow can occur into the soil in response to water uptake by plants.
Mass flow drags the dispersed P protein to the sieve plate .
Mass flow means that all of the mass of a dry blend moves uniformally out of the container.
Most mass flowers come with only one flower on the end of the stem.
Mass fraction is the ratio of the mass of water to the mass of dry soil.
Mass genocide is one very possible future.
Mass graves are everywhere.
Mass graves are merely a new twist to an old story.
Mass graves cover up alleged.
Mass graves provide evidence of the Serb crimes.
Mass graves are merely a new twist to an old story.
Mass graves are there today, some of which have been discovered and exhumation started.
Mass graves cause a lot of air pollution.
Many mass graves have yet to be opened.
Mass hypnosis is a recognized phenomenon.
Mass ignorance is a breeding ground for oppression and tyranny.
Mass immigration creates a redistribution of wealth upward toward the owners of capital.
Mass immigration is effectively an invasion.
Mass immigration translates into huge profits for home builders.
Mass killings are inevitable.
Mass killings predominate.
Mass layoffs are just one piece of the economic puzzle and a small one at that.
Mass layoffs can, and do, occur anywhere, from small towns to the largest metropolitan areas.
Mass literacy is a great challenge to public sector and industry.
Mass literacy is a modernism.
Mass literacy is a relatively new social goal.
Mass loss is driven by the high luminosities.
Mass mailing costs money - copying, envelopes and postage.
Mass mailing is a waste of resource and very inconsiderate.
Mass mailing is self-defeating.
Mass mailings are also one of the more economical ways of advertising a business.
Mass mailings are e-mails sent to large numbers of students by a single person.
Mass mailings are located in mail boxs.
Mass mailings are simple-and require no postage.
Mass mailings can impact central system and network resources.
Mass mailings can include simple questionnaires to be returned to the agency.
Mass mailings can target potential subjects by geographic area, age, and race.
Mass mailings have a similar drawback.
Mass mailings require printing, sorting, envelope stuffing, and postage.
Most mass mailings look and sound mass-produced.
Mass market means low prices, so that more compute cycles can be purchased for less money.
Mass markets have the same intelligence as germ populations.
Mass marketing brings results.
Mass marketing is also a necessity for the captains of online industry.
Mass marketing is dead.
Mass marketing is nowhere in sight.
Mass marketing is out.
Mass marketing relies on conformity, millions of people buying the same products.
Mass materials vary greatly in the amount of heat they retain.
Most mass materials are hard and reflect sound.
Mass measurements are independent of changes in density and temperature.
Mass measurements provide an essential link to theoretical models of galaxy formation and evolution.
A mass medium is a transmission
Mass media add to the negative influence, and it reaches our Christian school students as well.
Mass media are channels of communication through which messages flow.
Mass media are in no danger, prosecutors have no desire to hinder journalists' work in any way.
Mass media are increasingly unable to show what is really going on.
Mass media are mass because they re huge.
Mass media assume they produce programs or articles for the general public.
Mass media become the hip term for savvy marketers.
Mass media begins to cover the topic more heavily.
Mass media campaigns about a lot of things, they're part of it.
Mass media can be a useful tool for creating awareness among the general public.
Mass media can create broad-scale social awareness.
Mass media can especially foster negative stereotypes of out-group people.
Mass media claim it is just about money.
Mass media echoes the same reluctance to explore the male sex worker.
Mass media exerts a tremendous influence on American popular culture.
Mass media exerts a tremendous influence on our society.
Mass media feeds an immense worldwide market and is extremely profitable.
Mass media fulfill the universal human needs for information, socialization and entertainment.
Mass media has a number of outlets that keep Gainesville residents informed and entertained.
Mass media has the potential to reach a larger audience, including non-literate populations.
Mass media is a device to fabricate 'resenmtiment'.
Mass media is a fascinating industry to study.
Mass media is a reflection of society.
Mass media is an approach that has been under-utilized.
Mass media is essentially a set of filters and rules which restrict what can be seen and heard.
Mass media is known as the central nervous system of society.
Mass media is mind pollution.
Mass media is the most natural way of being involved in such process.
Mass media is today.
Mass media is what complicates everything.
Mass media needs to become part of the solution instead of part of the problem.
Mass media prevail in all aspects of our lives.
Mass media provide timely and important facts that have consequences in our daily lives.
Mass media refers to television, radio, newspapers, telephones, and magazines.
Mass media reflect the technology-induced fragmentation of mass markets.
Mass media represent different things to different people.
Mass media requires passivity while the net resoundingly rejects it.
Mass media seems out to kill people's careers.
Mass media start panics at the slightest hint of trouble in the name of news.
Mass media teach that looking good and being happy go together.
Mass media tend to exaggerate and exploit drama.
Mass media tends to expose certain artists because of marketability.
Mass media transmit messages that are confusing at best and corrupting at worst.
Mass media treat sexuality as a commercial commodity.
Mass merchandisers have to use a hard sell to be competitive in their market niche, says Carpenter.
Most mass merchandisers have very liberal returns policies.
Some mass migration causes death.
Some mass migration follows rain.
Some mass migration includes death.
Some mass migration is caused by invasions.
Mass mobilizations can work, but only if they don t take the place of local resistance.
Mass movements are geomorphic processes affecting steeplands all over the world.
Mass movements are sometimes small, as when a deer kicks a few rocks down an incline.
Mass movements bring about change and bring the social order one step higher.
Mass movements can occur slowly over a period of years, or they can happen in a matter of minutes.
Mass movements occur more frequently after a meal, a phenomenon called the gastro-colic reflex.
All mass movements avail themselves of action as a means of unification.
All mass movements have factions that debate passionately outside the public spotlight.
Every mass movement grows increasingly rudderless.
Mass murder is difficult to hide.
Mass murder is easy, so long as it s truly massive.
Mass murder is far more barbaric.
Mass murder is murder
Mass murder is nothing new in East Timor.
Mass murder is probably one of the most heinous wrongs known to mankind.
Mass murder is the hypernym of genocide , which requires additional criteria.
Mass murder makes concern for mass theft insignificant except for the motivational linkage.
Mass murder requires that the victims be unarmed.
A mass murderer is a murderer
Mass murderers are murderers.
Mass murderers are standard subjects of official postage stamps throughout the world.
Mass murderers are women, too.
A mass noun is a noun
Mass nouns are always in the singular form.
A mass number is a mass unit
Mass numbers are always whole numbers with no units.
Mass optimism can be bad for individual bank balances but very good for business.
Mass participation is beneficial to the individuals and the sport as a whole.
Mass participation is excluded by representative democracy.
Mass percent is the percent by mass of the solute in the solution.
Mass percentage has no units.
Mass plantings are very effective and it is reported to be a good hedging rose.
Mass plantings offer the simplest backdrop.
Mass price changing screen allows for quick pricing updates per category.
Mass privatization is one favored method of accomplishing such restructuring.
Most mass producers have filthy, depressing conditions in which their dogs are raised.
Mass production asks for limiting the amount of available dimensions.
Mass production brings down the price and mass advertising makes mass production possible.
Mass production can lead to a reduction in raw silk yield.
Mass production demands it.
Mass production is all about low cost, high volume and limited choice.
Mass production is already possible.
Mass production is but a dream.
Mass production is impossible without mass selling.
Mass production is much better because it allows for expansion.
Mass production is never a problem.
Mass production is prevalent.
Mass production is production
Mass production is production.
Mass production is relatively inexpensive.
Mass production is the ruin of the grande cuisine .
Mass production leads to mass consumption.
Mass production leaves very little room for individual taste.
Mass production makes computers less expensive.
Mass production means large concentrations of lasting poisons accumulate.
Mass production means the compounding of experimentation and experience into one standard design.
Mass production produces large volumes of a standard product or service for a mass market.
Mass production requires scale economies, and scale economies require standardisation.
Mass production saves time.
Mass protests are good things.
Mass protests escalate.
Mass psychology is hugely important in the movements of financial markets.
Mass publicity is good for caves.
Mass readings are also there.
Mass reduction is a proven method for obtaining improved fuel economy in vehicles.
Mass revolt is a distinct possibility.
Mass schedule is subject to change without notice due to the availability of priests.
Mass schedules are currently available.
Mass segregation is clearly visible.
Mass selection is done annually on the same plant for a minimum of three years.
Mass slavery requires economic surpluses and a high population density to be viable.
Mass society leads to mass thinking, repressions, and renunciations of individual.
Mass spawn events take places.
A mass spectrometer is an optical instrument
Mass spectrometer analyzes fine aerosols .
Mass spectrometers are awe-inspiring specimens of technology.
Mass spectrometers are crucial for astronomical studies of our solar system.
Mass spectrometers are instruments that can measure small mass differences in molecules.
Mass spectrometers are spectroscopes.
Mass spectrometers are very successful at detecting trace molecules in the atmosphere.
Mass spectrometers provide structural information to identify the analyte in a chromatographic peak.
Mass spectrometers seem to indicate the accumulation of water-ice around the lunars poles.
All mass spectrometers consist of three distinct regions.
All mass spectrometers show a confounding effect of sample size on determined isotope ratio.
Mass spectrometry consists basically of weighing ions in the gas phase.
Mass spectrometry is also an effective tool to analyze the structure of large biomolecules.
Mass spectrometry is covered next.
Mass spectrometry is indispensable for identification of drugs and metabolites.
Mass spectrometry is nothing other than the study in the gas phase of ionized molecules.
Mass spectrometry is particularly advantageous for the analysis of complex samples.
Mass spectrometry is used for larger reactants and product identification.
Mass spectrometry is used to confirm the synthesized mol.
Mass spectrometry is used to identity molecules for research, clinical, and legal purposes.
Mass spectrometry is used to select ions for study and for analysis of fragmentation products.
Mass spectrometry is used to verify mass of the peptide.
Mass storage gives intelligent machinery a capability far beyond human sensory memory.
Mass storage includes hard drives, floppy diskettes, magnetic tapes, and cd discs.
Mass storage is almost unlimited and costs very little.
Mass storage is distinct from memory , which refers to temporary storage areas within the computer .
Mass storage is fundamental.
Mass storage needs more breadth.
Mass storage represents a particular field of industry called dynamic industry.
Mass strike begins.
Mass suicide is what it seems to be.
Mass taste is invariably subject to fads, prejudice and superficial appeal.
Mass transfer can also alter the separation and orbital period of the binary star.
Mass transfer is assumed to be linear and first-order.
Mass transfer is directly proportional to flow rate.
Mass transfer is often the most difficult parameter to simulate in the laboratory.
Mass transfer is rapid with supercritical fluids.
Mass transfer is treated quasi conservatively.
Mass transformation is in the making.
Mass transit can be a publicly or privately operated bus, rail, or ferry service.
Mass transit can be stuffy, especially in the humidity.
Mass transit can create more attractive cities.
Mass transit can literally save dying neighborhoods and untouched wilderness at the same time.
Mass transit concentrates it.
Mass transit fails to reduce traffic overall because it is underdeveloped.
Mass transit helps stimulate economic development throughout our nation.
Mass transit is available and home-based businesses are encouraged.
Mass transit is cheap, efficient and plentiful for the most part over there.
Mass transit is likely to be available in urban areas.
Mass transit looks good for the first time in a long time.
Mass transit needs mass to work.
Mass transit needs to be affordable, dependable, and frequent.
Mass transit needs to be economical and affordable.
Mass transit preserves neighborhoods.
Mass transits are projects.
Mass trapping is generally an ineffective control strategy at low pest densities.
Mass trapping is used to best effect in agricultural situations.
Mass units are kilograms and grams.
Mass use is permitted only to spread news about reunions.
Mass use is the software equivalent to mass production.
All mass values are average or monoisotopic.
Mass violence is so fucking ridiculous.
Mass wasting can increase the volume of sediment transported in disturbed areas.
Mass absorbs heat.
Mass affects gravity.
Mass becomes energy.
Mass becomes enough energy.
Mass contains water.
Mass decreases over time.
Mass equals density.
Mass equals volume time density.
Mass has direct effects.
Mass has effects.
Mass has energy.
Mass has gravitational effects.
Mass has inertia.
Mass has positive effects.
Mass has significant effects.
Mass increases energy.
Mass increases kinetic energy.
Mass is a fundamental measure
Mass is a physical property
Mass is bodies.
Mass is collections.
Mass is located in churchs.
Mass is multiplied by acceleration.
Mass is physical properties.
Mass is prayer.
Mass is religious ceremony.
Mass is religious music.
Mass is rivers.
Mass isa property.
Mass isa quantity.
Mass moves closer to the center.
Mass tends to be represented by objectives and responsibilities.
Mass tulips together.
Masses are additive.
Masses are fables and dangerous deceits . . .
Masses are for the modification when fully deprotected except as noted.
Masses are in the mass drawer.
Masses are obtained from visual and eclipsing binary systems observed spectroscopically.
Masses are often compact and earthy.
Masses associated with erythema and local calor suggest an inflammatory or infectious etiology.
Masses attract other masses, and so the earth has attracted itself together as far as it can.
Masses can be benign or cancerous.
Masses can become elites.
Masses can only attract each other.
Masses choose security over freedom.
All mass is assumed to be in direct contact with the conditioned space .
All mass is interaction.
All mass pulls on all other masses with gravity.
All masses attract each other no matter how big or small.
Any mass arising after menopause is suspicious for cancer.
Every mass attracts every other mass in the universe according to Newton's law of gravity.
Every mass exerts a force of attraction on every other mass.
More mass compresses hydrogen burning core more so that rate of nuclear fusion is higher.
More mass equals more passive solar heating potential.
More mass gives less acceleration and less mass gives more acceleration.
More mass is better and more gravity is better.
More mass means MORE force.
Most mass absorbs heat.
Most mass affects gravity.
Most mass becomes energy.
Most mass becomes enough energy.
Most mass contains water.
Most mass decreases over time.
Most mass equals density.
Most mass has direct effects.
Most mass has effects.
Most mass has energy.
Most mass has gravitational effects.
Most mass has positive effects.
Most mass has significant effects.
Most mass is multiplied by acceleration.
Some mass affects climates.
Some mass comes from earth.
Some mass contains components.
Some mass contains necessary components.
Some mass is decreased by units.
Some mass is multiplied by height.
Some mass produces high wind.
Some mass produces spores.
Some mass produces wind.
Some mass solves problems.
Some masses are due to infections in the gums, or of the tooth itself.
Massachusetts has (part) Boston.
Massachusetts is part of America.
Massachusetts isa thing.
A massacre is murder
Massacres are albums.
Massacres are frequent, and malnutrition is chronic.
Massacres are horrible.
Massacres are violent actions.
Massacres continue to occur nearly every day.
Massacres give their history back to the one-time losers, whose cause can now march on.
Massacres involve large numbers of people.
Massacres occur two to three times a week.
Massage chair is covered in comfortable, black simulated leather.
Massage chairs are peculiar-looking devices.
Massage chairs simulate the motion of human hands as they work the body.
Massage devices can also be quite helpful.
A massage parlor is a building
Massage parlors stymie the revitalization of the neighborhood.
Many massage parlors are independent businesses.
Some massage practitioners focus on a single method of treatment eg.
Massage therapist have over eighty different varieties of massage to choose from today.
Massage therapists act under their own practice act.
Massage therapists are available for all athletes.
Massage therapists are available on request.
Massage therapists are available to perform their services wherever necessary.
Massage therapists are located in clinics.
Massage therapists are located in spas.
Massage therapists are on duty seven days a week.
Massage therapists are people who perform massage by manipulation of soft tissues of the body.
Massage therapists are professionals.
Massage therapists are usually very responsive to their clients' concerns.
Massage therapists can conduct a massage in a warm hot tub and really do wonders for tense muscles.
Massage therapists can receive both pay and tips.
Massage therapists can teach clients safe and effective ways of self-soothing and stress management.
Massage Therapists can work from home or at the work place.
Massage Therapists claim high qualifications are required.
Massage therapists deal with muscle tension, circulation, and body fluid drainage.
Massage therapists do massage therapy.
Massage therapists know what massage can do.
Massage therapists move energy with their hands to help clear energy and to also transmit energy.
Massage therapists offer reflexology, acupuncture, deep-tissue massage, wraps and facials.
Massage Therapists page for more information.
Massage therapists practice in a variety of settings.
Massage therapists provide Swedish, neuromuscular, reflexology and sports massage.
Massage therapists provide treatment for everything from stress to back problems.
Massage therapists say it flushes exercise-related toxins out of the muscles.
Massage therapists tend to work with the client lying prone or supine on the table.
Massage therapists use many different massage techniques and methods.
Massage therapists visit every few days to take the knots out of workers' shoulders.
Many massage therapists are available to soothe tired or tight muscles.
Many massage therapists are self-employed.
Many massage therapists have policies about treatment of minors.
Many massage therapists integrate energy work into their body work sessions.
Most massage therapists can deal with minor aches, though.
Most massage therapists use techniques from two or more styles.
Some massage therapists establish their own private practice.
Some massage therapists sell health and massage-related products.
Massage therapies are available.
Massage therapy breaks up the congested muscle tissue.
Massage therapy can aid the lymphatic system to excrete wastes when injured.
Massage therapy can also be effective in reducing stress.
Massage therapy can also be extremely helpful in diminishing pain levels.
Massage therapy can also help athletes to train better.
Massage therapy can also provide a degree of pain relief.
Massage therapy can assist the healing process in a number of ways.
Massage therapy can be invaluable in helping to recover from physical trauma or simply to relax.
Massage therapy can help alleviate tightness in muscles, before they become problematic.
Massage therapy can include the use of heat lamps, hydrotherapy, electrotherapy, and reflexology.
Massage therapy can include the use of heat, hydrotherapy, electrotherapy and reflexology.
Massage therapy can often help speed and improve recovery and reduce discomfort from such mishaps.
Massage therapy can play great factor in recovery time.
Massage therapy can relax the muscles so the adjustment is easier for the patient and the doctor.
Massage therapy can relieve pain.
Massage therapy Certified massage therapists offer stress reducing, therapeutic massage.
Massage therapy encompasses the concept of vis medicatrix naturae helping the body heal itself.
Massage therapy enhances weight gain in preterm infants.
Massage therapy has a profound effect on many of the body's systems.
Massage therapy has no connection with such activity.
Massage therapy has varied effects.
Massage therapy helps children with autism.
Massage therapy helps preterm neonates grow more quickly and leave the hospital sooner.
Massage therapy helps release toxins better from the body.
Massage therapy helps the immune system.
Massage therapy helps the muscles get rid of accumulated toxins and regulates the nervous system.
Massage therapy helps to balance the function of the muscles, so that the body works evenly.
Massage therapy involves the hands-on manipulation of muscles and other soft tissues of the body.
Massage therapy is a business on the upswing throughout the country.
Massage therapy is a gentle way to unwind, relax and allow the body to revitalize.
Massage therapy is a great addition to any health and wellness plan.
Massage therapy is a hands-on approach to good health.
Massage therapy is a healing art with a history going back thousands of years.
Massage therapy is a health care service when the massage is for therapeutic purposes.
Massage therapy is a holistic approach to healing.
Massage therapy is a holistic therapy which enhances the mind, body and spirit connection.
Massage therapy is a physically demanding profession.
Massage therapy is a profession with professional ethical standards.
Massage therapy is a unique method of health care that is becoming more popular every year.
Massage therapy is a wonderful career.
Massage therapy is about taking care of one's self physically, mentally and spiritually.
Massage therapy is also a mood elevator.
Massage therapy is also available by appointment.
Massage therapy is also available for apartment communities and businesses.
Massage therapy is also available.
Massage therapy is always a great muscle and tension reliever.
Massage therapy is an art and a science.
Massage therapy is an effective long term treatment because it reduces the stress response.
Massage therapy is an effective method used to support general health and wellness.
Massage therapy is an effective non-drug method for reducing stress and promoting relaxation.
Massage therapy is an increasingly popular treatment for stress and pain reduction.
Massage therapy is associated with enhancement of the immune system's cytotoxic capacity.
Massage therapy is available on premises.
Massage therapy is available on site at Wood Valley by appointment.
Massage therapy is available to aid and speed the healing process.
Massage therapy is beneficial for almost all diseases.
Massage therapy is beneficial in the overall healing process.
Massage therapy is equally popular among men and women, in all regions of the country.
Massage therapy is fully or partially covered under many extended health insurance plans.
Massage therapy is in no way intended to diagnose, prescribe or cure.
Massage therapy is more common for than physical therapy is.
Massage therapy is more than just a relaxation technique.
Massage therapy is offered.
Massage therapy is one of the better antidotes for stress.
Massage therapy is one of the fastest growing career opportunities in allied health care.
Massage therapy is one of the fastest growing health care professions today.
Massage therapy is one of the most natural and effective therapeutic tools for stress management.
Massage therapy is one of the oldest healing arts known to man.
Massage therapy is one of the oldest methods in the gallery of health care practices.
Massage therapy is one of the pillars of natural health.
Massage therapy is particularly beneficial for improved muscle function and pain relief.
Massage therapy is professional servicing.
Massage therapy is the first thing that comes to mind.
Massage therapy is the manipulation of the soft tissues of the body to gain a therapeutic response.
Massage therapy is the manipulation of the soft tissues of the body to gain therapeutic response.
Massage therapy is the manipulation of tissue in order to relieve stress patterns.
Massage therapy is the most popular of spa services.
Massage therapy is the only health approach which deals exclusively with muscle tension.
Massage therapy is the stress reducer of the future.
Massage therapy is unique as a career.
Massage therapy keeps muscles healthy and mobile.
Massage therapy offers tremendous benefits to a pregnant woman.
Massage therapy produces healthful benefits.
Massage therapy provides a multitude of health benefits.
Massage therapy provides numerous therapeutic benefits for health, fitness and mental well-being.
Massage therapy provides nurturing and warm physical contact for the elderly and infirm.
Massage therapy provides relief for people from all walks of life.
Massage therapy provides relief to people from all walks of life.
Massage therapy reduces anxiety in child and adolescent psychiatric patients.
Massage therapy skills a benefit.
Massage therapy tends to directly correspond to wellness and good health.
Many massage therapies are directly or indirectly related to the condition of stress relief.
A massage is a treatment
Massage acts as a counterirritant.
Massage affects the body as a whole.
Massage aids our ability to deal with stress.
Massage aids the muscles, brain, nerves and internal organs.
Massage allows for mental release.
Massage allows nutrition to reach injured areas more easily.
Massage allows participants to be relaxed enough to concentrate fully.
Massage alone feels great.
Massage alone helps many patients.
Massage alone is a powerful tool for stimulating health.
Massage also aids recovery from soft tissue injuries such as sprains and strains.
Massage also calls up the body's natural painkillers .
Massage also can be a way to bridge the gap of understanding between pet and owner.
Massage also drains tissue of excess fluid caused by injury, surgery or pregnancy.
Massage also enhances sports competition.
Massage also frees constrictions.
Massage also gives the recipient a feeling of wellbeing and returns energy to the body.
Massage also has a calming effect on the sympathetic nervous system.
Massage also has a direct psychological affect.
Massage also has real benefits for the person who gives it.
Massage also helps break down scar tissue, which restricts range of motion.
Massage also helps relieve the stress and tension of everyday living.
Massage also helps restore flexibility.
Massage also helps to prevent injury.
Massage also increases muscle tone and mobility, while relaxing and rejuvenating the nervous system.
Massage also promotes brain and muscle development.
Massage also promotes sleep in infants as it reduces gas and colic.
Massage also provides a gentle stretching action to both muscles and connective tissue.
Massage also provides range of motion and keeps the circulation moving.
Massage also reduces pain and relieves muscle guarding and tightness surrounding an injured area.
Massage also reduces stress, pain and stiffness and chance of injury.
Massage also reduces warm up time, therefore saving valuable energy prior to competing.
Massage also relieves muscular pain, stress, and mental and physical fatigue.
Massage also stimulates lymph flow, which carries away impurities and waste from the tissue.
Massage also uses oils and lotions.
Massage arouses tissues and perks up every cell.
Massage Ask a member of our staff for further details and availability.
Massage assists the digestive process and improves circulation of blood to the body system.
Massage benefits the lymphatic system in much the same way as it does the circulatory system.
Massage calms the nervous system and has a centering effect.
Massage can act as a suction, stimulating lymph action.
Massage can aid internal nutrition rates by improving circulation.
Massage can also be beneficial following childbirth, for mother and baby.
Massage can also benefit a person's mental and emotional well being.
Massage can also calm a restless womb or prevent a premature birth.
Massage can also create a relaxation response.
Massage can also enhance and deepen the action of the flower essences.
Massage can also have a beneficial effect.
Massage can also have effects on a spiritual level.
Massage can also help a woman adjust during the post-partum period.
Massage can also help relax tense chest muscles which tends to impair proper breathing.
Massage can also help to ease bodily aches and pains.
Massage can also help to heal major ailments.
Massage can also provide a soothing sensation that competes with pain signals sent to the brain.
Massage can also raise a child's sense of self and worth, which is tied to developing self-esteem.
Massage can also reduce inflammation and it just plain feels good.
Massage can also remove exudate from an area, increase circulation and stretch collagen matrix.
Massage can also stretch tendons and decrease the potential for fibrosis.
Massage can also treat physical injuries as a result of torture.
Massage can assist with pain relief, especially in the lower back, which is so common in pregnancy.
Massage can be a great career, but it can also be a difficult one.
Massage can be beneficial to an individual.
Massage can be effective if performed very, very vigorously - even painfully hard.
Massage can be gentle or briskly stimulating.
Massage can be gentle or rigorous, slow or rapid.
Massage can be good, or useless.
Massage can be helpful several days after acute injury to help break down muscle spasms.
Massage can be very effective in stimulating the metabolism of the skin.
Massage can become an integral part of a baby's life for years to come.
Massage can break the cycle of spasm and pain by decreasing both.
Massage can bring anchored emotions and associated memories back to conscious awareness.
Massage can bring balance and well-being to everyone's busy life.
Massage can decrease edema.
Massage can decrease pain.
Massage can do wonders for problem backs, as long as they are done consistently.
Massage can do wonders for the pain.
Massage can dramatically aid the movement of lymph in either case.
Massage can ease menstrual cramps.
Massage can either sedate or stimulate the nervous system depending on the technique used.
Massage can have a large range of postitive mental and physical effects.
Massage can help break up the clumps and greatly reduce recovery time.
Massage can help calm the mind, body and spirit.
Massage can help decrease depression and anxiety.
Massage can help improve circulation, release tension from muscles, and relieve pain.
Massage can help loosen contracted, shortened muscles and can stimulate weak, flaccid muscles.
Massage can help release the gas that some colicky babies experience.
Massage can help relieve bloatedness, improve circulation and reduce tension and anxiety.
Massage can help relieve depression or anxiety caused by hormonal changes mom is experiencing.
Massage can help relieve pain or the perception of pain.
Massage can help stretch and relax tight muscles.
Massage can help to reduce capsule.
Massage can help with much more.
Massage can help with that.
Massage can help, as can exercises that help make the fingers and hands more supple.
Massage can help.
Massage can improve and enhance physical and mental well being.
Massage can improve circulation, relax muscles, aid digestion, and reduces overall stress.
Massage can improve growth and development in premature babies.
Massage can improve health problems caused by stress.
Massage can increase flexibility and range of motion.
Massage can increase the circulation and decrease the swelling in the tunnel.
Massage can lend valuable comfort and support through times of emotional and physical stress.
Massage can play a role in rehabilitation and can help reduce the risk of future injury.
Massage can prevent or reduce the formation of scar tissue resulting from injury or immobilization.
Massage can produce a more natural cleavage plane.
Massage can provide a buffer and advantage to avoiding some injuries.
Massage can provide relief for all walks of life.
Massage can provide relief for people in all walks of life.
Massage can reduce nerve entrapment through the release of soft tissue or muscular binding.
Massage can reduce nerve root compression caused by muscular tension.
Massage can reduce stress and blood pressure levels in both cat and owner.
Massage can relax and soothe a baby and help babies sleep.
Massage can release muscle spasm and tightness in the shoulders or hip to bring relief.
Massage can relieve discomfort from teething, gas, colic, and emotional stress.
Massage can relieve muscle tension related to stress.
Massage can relieve some of the discomfort from fibromyalgia and tension headaches.
Massage can spread the infection to other areas of the body.
Massage can stimulate and relax the body and the mind.
Massage can stimulate muscle contraction.
Massage completes the treatment.
Massage confuses the body's pain signals .
Massage creates bridges between people.
Massage creates time and space for the body to slow down, to bring about inner harmony.
Massage decreases the long term effects of sprains and strains.
Massage definitely works.
Massage dilates the blood vessels, improving the circulation.
Massage does possess many benefits, but it still remains an alternative medicine.
Massage does wonders for overall relaxation and stimulating circulation.
Massage done purely for pleasure, however, is an increasingly popular way to unwind.
Massage embraces the mind, body, and emotions in love.
Massage enables better management of stress-related conditions and ailments.
Massage enables freedom of movement by reducing the resistance to motion.
Massage enhances the effectiveness of chiropractic adjustments and aids in faster healing.
Massage especially benefits children with special needs.
Massage focuses on muscles, whereas erotic massage focuses primarily on skin.
Massage focuses on upper body-head, neck, shoulders, back and arms.
Massage gives as much pleasure and healing to the one giving as to the one receiving.
Massage gives immediate relief, by stretching and loosening the muscles.
Massage goes far beyond pampering, relaxing and soothing tired, aching muscles.
Massage greatly benefits rotator cuff problems, back problems, and gives pain relief.
Massage has a definite psychological effect.
Massage has a key role to play in the recovery of some survivors of childhood abuse.
Massage has a positive effect upon our physical, psychological and emotional state.
Massage has a power beyond the physical touch.
Massage has a role in any horse s routine.
Massage has an enormous impact on all systems of the body.
Massage has both physical and psychological benefits.
Massage has direct physical and physiological benefits.
Massage has direct psychological and physiological benefits.
Massage has endless benefits for the preemie or special needs infant.
Massage has many benefits and physiological effects.
Massage has powerful healing effects.
Massage has powerful healing qualities.
Massage has the added advantage that it can be performed by either parent.
Massage has the overall effect of lowering blood pressure.
Massage has the power to help generate transformation on a physical, emotional and spiritual level.
Massage helps alleviate the old muscle adhesions and releases the old holding pattern.
Massage helps babies grow faster.
Massage helps drain the gland and increases blood flow to it.
Massage helps in different ways.
Massage helps integrate body and mind, bringing a sense of emotional well-being.
Massage helps loosen tightened musles, reduce tissue adhesions, and improve local circulation.
Massage helps move lactic acid out of the muscles and relieves soreness.
Massage helps muscles recover more quickly from exertion and fatigue.
Massage helps muscles work more efficiently and become more flexible.
Massage helps our precious newest members of the planet thrive.
Massage helps reduce pain and tension and promotes relaxation.
Massage helps reduce stress and restore that balance.
Massage helps reduce the tension.
Massage helps regulate the digestive, respiratory and circulatory systems.
Massage helps relax the contracted muscles.
Massage helps release tense muscles, making chiropractic adjustments more effective.
Massage helps release the muscle tension and is a pain to do on hairy legs.
Massage helps relieve muscle spasms and tension and improves the health of the horse.
Massage helps relieve the stress and tension of everyday living.
Massage helps relieve tight and painful muscles and is also a great stress reducer.
Massage helps some people tremendously.
Massage helps some women by promoting relaxation, relief from pain, and reducing stress.
Massage helps stimulate blood flow, therefore relaxing tense muscles and relieving pain.
Massage helps stimulate the immune system.
Massage helps the body heal itself.
Massage helps the mother relax and rest.
Massage helps to awaken our senses and is an excellent aid to arousal.
Massage helps to bring fresh, oxygenated blood to the ovaries and removes old stagnant blood.
Massage helps to ease pressure and pain to the nervous system, including the sciatic nerve.
Massage helps to improve flexibility and range of motion.
Massage helps to improve posture.
Massage helps to mobilize the digestive system so that assimilation and elimination are improved.
Massage helps to overcome harmful byproducts of fatigue resulting from strenuous exercise or injury.
Massage helps to push blood along the veins enhancing the general blood circulation.
Massage helps to reduce swelling.
Massage helps to reestablish proper tone in muscles.
Massage helps to relieve tension and increase energy.
Massage helps to reset the brain's control center.
Massage helps to soothe and ease sore muscles throughout the neck, back and hips.
Massage helps to stabilize the spine and increase the benefits of Chiropractic adjustments.
Massage helps to stimulate circulation and loosen the muscel fibers that are bound together.
Massage improves areas of strains, sprains, fibrosis, spasms, and scar tissues.
Massage improves body image in people suffering from eating disorders.
Massage improves circulation and lymphatic drainage and aids in the elimination of tissue wastes.
Massage improves circulation and nutrition to joints.
Massage improves circulation of blood and lymph, and helps keep the breasts healthy.
Massage improves circulation, flexibility, and aids in stress relief.
Massage improves circulation, which increases blood flow, bringing fresh oxygen to body tissues.
Massage improves flexibility and range of motion.
Massage improves muscle tone, preventing muscle atrophy and bedsores due to forced inactivity.
Massage improves posture and boosts confidence and self-esteem.
Massage improves the circulation and nutrition of the joints and can increase joint range of motion.
Massage improves the circulation and nutrition to joints.
Massage improves the function of a baby's brain, heart and liver.
Massage improves tone and helps prevent or delay muscular atrophy resulting from forced inactivity.
Massage includes personal steam shower room.
Massage increases blood and lymph flow, relieves tension, and loosens muscles.
Massage increases blood circulation and relieves tension.
Massage increases blood oxygenation and circulation by dilating the blood vessels.
Massage increases excretion of waste products, via the kidneys.
Massage increases health by decreasing tension.
Massage increases mental alertness and one s ability to solve complex problems.
Massage increases muscular tone by improving their nutrition.
Massage increases performance and allows the body to heal itself.
Massage increases production of red and white blood cells, especially useful in cases of anemia.
Massage increases productivity, rewards performance and boosts morale in the workplace.
Massage increases the blood supply and nutrition to the muscles.
Massage increases the body s own healing capabilities and improves muscular performance.
Massage increases the circulation of blood and flow of lymph.
Massage increases the number of red blood cells in circulation.
Massage increases the number of red blood cells, and can be helpful in cases of anemia.
Massage increases the number of red blood cells, especially in cases of anemia.
Massage increases the nutrition of the tissues via an increased exchange of fluids and materials.
Massage increases the range of motion in joints, decreases blood flow and alleviates pain.
Massage increases venous and lymphatic flow.
Massage increases white blood cell production, and eliminates toxins through the lymphatic system.
Massage induces an important relaxation, emotional as well as physical.
Massage introduces many physical, social and somatosensory benefits for children.
Massage involves applying pressure to the soft tissues of the body, such as the muscles.
Massage involves mainly stroking and circular movements.
Massage is a another example.
Massage is a bad hobby.
Massage is a beneficial health aid for everyone.
Massage is a caring combination of love, art and science.
Massage is a collaborative effort between the care provider and recipient.
Massage is a combination of Swedish and Malaysian traditional with essential oils.
Massage is a commitment to health and life.
Massage is a deliberate and concentrated form of touch.
Massage is a form of laying on of hands.
Massage is a foundation of Chinese medicine.
Massage is a gentle and effective way of helping the body to heal itself.
Massage is a gift of love.
Massage is a good way of learning how to focus and move body awareness.
Massage is a great buffer against stress.
Massage is a great form of nonverbal communication.
Massage is a great way to improve circulation and tone skin.
Massage is a group of manual techniques consisting of both fixed and moveable pressure.
Massage is a long-respected healing art and science.
Massage is a natural remedy.
Massage is a perfect way to reduce stress and promote general well-being.
Massage is a powerful pre-game tool for the Rapids.
Massage is a standard physiotherapeutic technique bot for easing pain and improving circulation.
Massage is a systemic manual application of pressure an movement to soft tissues of the body.
Massage is a time-honored philosophy.
Massage is a unique experience of being touched in a non-sexual, nurturing way.
Massage is a very good pain remedy if it is done correctly.
Massage is a very good remedy .
Massage is a way of life.
Massage is a way to establish and maintain good physical condition and health.
Massage is a way to thrill, touch and communicate.
Massage is a whole body experience that uses the benefits of touch to heal.
Massage is a wonderful therapy.
Massage is a wonderful tool with countless benefits to offer.
Massage is a wonderful way for new parents to create a bond with their baby.
Massage is a wonderful way to break up the workweek.
Massage is a wonderfully simple way for people to care for one another.
Massage is able to increase the circulation of blood to the muscles and reduces the pain.
Massage is about movement, both within the client but also on the part of the practitioner.
Massage is about relaxation.
Massage is already a popular and highly respected way of loving and healing the body.
Massage is also a helpful tool for promoting relaxation in full-term infants.
Massage is also a powerful mood elevator.
Massage is also a way to lesson stress for both parents and baby.
Massage is also a wonderful way to lessen stress parent and baby.
Massage is also an important adjunct therapy used in conjunction with the battery.
Massage is also available at a reduced cost.
Massage is also available at the Inn.
Massage is also available to the staff.
Massage is also available.
Massage is also good for forearms, which often take the brunt of computer work.
Massage is also good medicine.
Massage is also helpful with relaxation, helping one to distract from the pain.
Massage is also helpful with relaxation, helping to distract from the pain.
Massage is also incredibly relaxing, and promotes bonding between a person and their dog or cat.
Massage is also very beneficial in labor and postpartum.
Massage is also very good for pushing toxins out.
Massage is also very useful in prevention of injuries and over training.
Massage is an age old traditional treatment for a variety of conditions.
Massage is an ancient art that has been revived in recent years and raised to professional stature.
Massage is an ancient form of manual therapy, which has been around for centuries.
Massage is an ancient form of therapy.
Massage is an ancient healing art being rediscovered.
Massage is an art as well as a science.
Massage is an art form practiced by many cultures, including our own.
Massage is an effective means of aromatherapy because essential oils work through the skin.
Massage is an entirely personal experience and there is no wrong way to recieve one.
Massage is an excellent addition to chiropractic care.
Massage is an excellent health stimulus, especially when combined with essential oils.
Massage is an excellent way to get people in touch with one another.
Massage is an excellent way.
Massage is an important part of traditional Chinese medicine.
Massage is an indispensable part of the day.
Massage is an intimate form of touch.
Massage is an umbrella term which covers a broad spectrum of techniques and modalities.
Massage is another daily habit.
Massage is another extremely popular treatment at the spa.
Massage is another fantastic comfort.
Massage is another important part of the recovery process.
Massage is another technique that can be very useful in managing pain.
Massage is another tool to improve our well being.
Massage is another way to employ aromatherapy.
Massage is another wonderful way to enjoy the benefits of touching.
Massage is applied to simulate the body's Median system.
Massage is as old as humankind.
Massage is available by advance appointment.
Massage is available by prior request.
Massage is available either indoors or in the new pavilions in the outdoor garden sanctuary.
Massage is available every night.
Massage is available for an additional fee.
Massage is available for individuals or couples.
Massage is available if booked ahead of time.
Massage is available in comparatively few cases.
Massage is available in places other than the office of a therapist.
Massage is available on a limited sign-up basis.
Massage is available on request.
Massage is available only during retreats.
Massage is available.
Massage is basically more simple.
Massage is basically the physical manipulation of muscles, ligaments, and connective tissues.
Massage is beneficial for adhesions in chronic bursitis.
Massage is beneficial for lots of reasons, but the most important one is circulation.
Massage is beneficial for people of all ages and most health conditions.
Massage is beneficial for people of all ages, from infancy to the elderly.
Massage is beneficial in helping people stay healthy.
Massage is beneficial to the patient both physically and psychologically.
Massage is better than a good tranquilizer and serves as a very helpful adjunct to other therapies.
Massage is considered a very valuable tool in maintaining one's health and well being.
Massage is considered to be one of the oldest methods of treatment used by man.
Massage is contraindicated in certain conditions.
Massage is defined as rubbing soft tissues of the body to alleviate pain and stress.
Massage is defined as the manipulation of the soft tissues of the body to produce specific effects.
Massage is effective to reduce spasticity and tension in the associated muscles.
Massage is effective with some children when the cause is gastrointestinal sluggishness.
Massage is especially beneficial for individuals who are bed ridden.
Massage is especially good for a women during pregnancy to help relax the body and ease discomforts.
Massage is essential to facial muscle tone.
Massage is focused on relaxing the body, mind and spirit all at once.
Massage is for every body.
Massage is for relaxation and vitality.
Massage is found to be helpful both physically and emotionally.
Massage is great for loosening muscles.
Massage is in actuality therapeutic.
Massage is instrumental in healing pulled, strained or overused muscles and tendons.
Massage is intended to help people feel better.
Massage is known to be among the oldest of all medical treatments used by man.
Massage is known to be used by Somali women in Seattle for relief of physical pain and stress.
Massage is known to contribute to the development of secure, self-confident children.
Massage is known to greatly increase lymphatic transport.
Massage is known to increase the circulation of blood and flow of lymph.
Massage is light and in the direction of normal flow.
Massage is likely to make matters worse.
Massage is mechanistic as well as artistic.
Massage is more effective if one does it daily or after each hard run.
Massage is more than an indulgence.
Massage is most effective when used as a preventative measure before or after a competition.
Massage is of course as old as human kind.
Massage is of great benefit to anyone leading a modern life.
Massage is often a better way, or any other form of nurturing.
Massage is one component in a treatment known as manual lymph drainage.
Massage is one of the best known remedies for stress.
Massage is one of the earliest remedial practices of humankind.
Massage is one of the most effective ways to relieve stress and fatigue.
Massage is one of the most healing therapies for both the body and the emotions.
Massage is one of the oldest and simplest forms of healing.
Massage is one of the oldest and simplest methods of promoting good health.
Massage is one of the truly preventive holistic therapies.
Massage is one way to be vigilante.
Massage is one way to help smooth away the pain and headache resulting from tensed muscles.
Massage is optional.
Massage is particularly helpful during pregnancy to ensure a relaxed and safe delivery.
Massage is popular among all age groups.
Massage is popular among athletes to reduce injury or relieve aching muscles.
Massage is presented as a vehicle for pleasure, healing and non-verbal communication.
Massage is self-expression.
Massage is suggested to soothe muscles, headaches and certain allergies.
Massage is the better of the two, and features sound and joystick support.
Massage is the first hands-on therapy that is on the list.
Massage is the maipulation of sift tissue for therapeutic purposes.
Massage is the manipulation of soft tissue by stroking, kneading and pressure.
Massage is the perfect complement to health and wellness.
Massage is the perfect post-surgical pain reliever.
Massage is the systematic and scientific manipulation of the soft tissue of the body.
Massage is therapeutic, healthy and relaxing.
Massage is thought to aid lactate dispersal by speeding up blood flow.
Massage is to the human body what a tune up is to a car.
Massage is traditional style in small shops.
Massage is truly educated touching.
Massage is used by millions of people today as a means to maintain and improve their health.
Massage is used frequently to heal damaged muscle fiber.
Massage is used to promote relaxation and relieve pain.
Massage is used to treat sports injuries and to rehabilitate injured muscles.
Massage is used with the oils to enhance their effectiveness.
Massage is very effective in soothing the nervous system.
Massage is very healing for both the receiver and giver.
Massage is very helpful for pain.
Massage is very helpful.
Massage is very important for scalp treatment to control excess hair fall.
Massage is very important to take care of the skin.
Massage is well known, but there are many different kinds of massage.
Massage leads to empathy.
Massage makes a great gift to a family or friend.
Massage makes good sense.
Massage means interaction.
Massage mothers the mother.
Massage only helps for a few hours only.
Massage opens up the blood vessels improving circulation and relieving congestion.
Massage plays an integral part in reduction of tension and improvement of circulation.
Massage preserves the body's energy and saves it from decay.
Massage produces neuro-physiological muscle relaxation and relief of spasms.
Massage promotes tension release and relaxation.
Massage provides a means to address behavioral problems in a non-violent manner.
Massage provides a nurturing touch, which in turn, nurtures the life of the unborn child.
Massage provides a safe and comforting touch.
Massage provides an opportunity to release tension and repair both physically and mentally.
Massage provides deep relaxation It relieves muscle tension, spasm, and stiffness.
Massage provides many benefits.
Massage provides only a temporary effect.
Massage provides pain relief.
Massage provides so many benefits.
Massage provides the initial step along the path to awareness.
Massage provides the manual kneading that helps maintain an adequate blood flow.
Massage provides the means to rid the body of traumas and unwanted feelings.
Massage raises skin temperature between four and five degrees, and even higher among women.
Massage reduces anxiety and lowers the blood levels of the stress hormone, cortisol.
Massage reduces anxiety in child and adolescent psychiatric patients.
Massage reduces blood pressure and heart rate.
Massage reduces duration of labor, hospital stay and post-partum depression.
Massage reduces heart rate.
Massage reduces joint strain and compression through releasing tight muscles and tendons.
Massage reduces levels of anxiety.
Massage reduces muscle and soft tissue pain.
Massage reduces pain, lessens stiffness and fatigue.
Massage reduces stress and therefore, stress-related illness.
Massage reduces sympathetic stimulation and helps to balance the autonomic nervous system.
Massage reduces the lack of blood, reduces pain due to the irritation of free nerve endings.
Massage reduces the pulse rate.
Massage reeducates the brain via the body.
Massage relaxes and clears the mind.
Massage relaxes and helps release toxins trapped deep within the muscle tissue.
Massage relaxes most babies.
Massage relaxes muscle spasm and relieves tension.
Massage relaxes muscles in spasm, which create or add to existing pain.
Massage relaxes muscles, reducing spasm, tension and cramping.
Massage relaxes the muscles, promotes lymph drainage, and stimulates the immune system.
Massage relaxes the nervous system and alleviates muscle tightness.
Massage relieves mental and physical fatigue and reduces stress, tension, and anxiety.
Massage relieves mental stress and anxiety .
Massage relieves most muscle tightness.
Massage relieves tension-related headaches.
Massage removes the taboos of touching and allows people to touch in a positive way.
Massage requires years of study, learning about muscles and body parts.
Massage restores full range of motion resulting from injuries like whiplash.
Massage rubs the skin to work on the muscles.
Massage seems to help as well as hot baths.
Massage simultaneously relaxes the body and refreshes the mind.
Massage Soothing therapeutic massage is available by appointment.
Massage speeds the elimination of the waste products of metabolism.
Massage still feels great.
Massage stimulates glandular secretions, which helps stabilize hormone levels.
Massage stimulates the activity of sweat and oil glands creating more radiant and supple skin.
Massage stimulates the body.
Massage stimulates the brain to produce endorphins, the body's natural pain control.
Massage stimulates the circulation and thoroughly awakens the puppy.
Massage stretches the muscle fibers and fascia through manual squeezing and kneading.
Massage succeeds precisely because it lies close to unexplored terrain.
Massage supports increased work capacity and metabolism.
Massage takes many forms.
Massage temporarily increases circulation and lessens symptoms.
Massage triggers many physiological changes that help infants and children grow and develop.
Massage works on both the physical and psychological level.
Massage works the muscles and soft tissues.
Massage works through the musculature.
Massage works to relieve pain and to loosen general physical tension.
Massage works with the muscular system.
Massage works wonders on knotted, tired, stressed-out muscles.
Massage works wonders, too.
Massages are a full hour and fifteen minutes, allowing ample time for thorough, in-depth sessions.
Massages are additional.
Massages are also available at the club.
Massages are also available twice a week.
Massages are also available.
Massages are another feel-good favorite.
Massages are available at a price.
Massages are available at an additional charge.
Massages are available at an additional cost.
Massages are available by appointment at an additional charge.
Massages are available by appointment for a fee.
Massages are available by appointment only.
Massages are available by appointment.
Massages are available for a fee.
Massages are available in half hour increments from one half hour to two hours.
Massages are available poolside and a shop sells beach wear and accessories.
Massages are available poolside.
Massages are available prior to, and after appointments.
Massages are available throughout the whole day.
Massages are available to visitors.
Massages are available upon request.
Massages are available.
Massages are by appointment only.
Massages are for one hour and are performed by a licensed masso-therapist in a private setting.
Massages are rubbings.
Massages are therapy.
Massages are treatments.
Massages become easier to schedule.
Massages benefit both emotional and physical health.
Massages build self-confidence in parenting skills and gives parents and the baby quality time, too.
Massages can be Full body or Partial body.
Massages can take the place of break time so no work time is lost.
Massages draw people that are looking to forget about the stresses of everyday life.
Massages ease the aches that thrive on daily stress.
Massages feel good.
Massages have to be the best thing in the world.
Massages here are highly touted.
Massages increase circulation which carries more oxygen to the individual cells of the body.
Massages make the body relax and feel a little better.
Massages seem to be popular in Silicon Valley.
Massages stimulate biochemicals stored in muscle mass and organ systems in the flesh vehicle.
Massages stimulate the circulatory system, increasing blood flow and eliminating fatigue.
Massages take place in hillside studios.
Massages use aromatic and natural oils, and use both traditional and indigenous techniques.
Massage often helps.
All massage is by appointment only.
All massage is designed to promote circulation and release tension.
All massages are available in the bungalows and suites.
All massages are usually an hour long, although shorter or longer times can be arranged.
All massages incorporate custom blended essential oils.
All massages take place with proper draping procedures.
Most massage is done on nude subjects covered, modestly, with a single sheet.
Most massages are a blend of many techniques.
Some massage is just very gentle and deeply relaxing.
Massaged infants are more alert when awake, more easily soothed and sleep better.
A massager is a physical therapist
Massagers can help women achieve orgasm and can be used alone or as a couple.
Most massagers merely vibrate, which is fine for minor aches and tired muscles.
A masse is shot
Masses are in a.u.
Masses are part of pools.
Masses are strokes.
Masses are worrisome when they persist, are multiple, are hard or fixed.
Masses can be benign or malignant.
Masses can take even longer.
Masses demonstrate washout.
Masses go home in denial.
Masses vary from all franklinite to all magnetite.
Masses vary systematically along the main sequence.
All masses are in grams.
All masses have thermal noise due to the vibrations of the atoms.
Most masses found are due to non-cancerous processes.
Most masses have the same density as the liver parenchyma.
Some masses are due to cancer and others are due to benign conditions.
Massed crowds watch the action.
Massed plantings are easier to tend than individual specimens scattered here and there.
Massed plantings have a stronger visual impact than a row of annuals dotted in front of shrubbery.
Massed practice is illustrated by taking many unit tests rather than two midterms.
Massed practice is inferior to distributed practice.
Massed strings sound luxurious and woodwinds simply sound gorgeous.
Massed units march from the East into Belgrade and moved forward to Italy.
A masseur is a massager
Masseurs are professional but inattentive, chatting away to their colleagues as they work.
Masseurs can come to the workplace and give mini massages.
Masseurs come in to give tired coders massages at their desks.
Most masseurs recommend looking for clues smiles, winces, moans to know what feels good.
A masseuse is a massager
Masseuses are available by appointment.
All masseuses are highly experienced.
Massive armies mount on the both sides.
Massive awareness leads to change.
Massive beams excite the senses with their intimate charm.
Massive bodies fall faster than light ones.
Massive branches are also typical of the old veterans.
Some massive bricks resist forces.
Massive bunkers frame the holes, which are generally wide open but tough nonetheless.
Massive cabbage leaves gradually hug themselves into a big ball.
Massive calcite is referred to as travertine .
Massive capital flows into stocks cause savings rates to turn negative.
Massive carnage is an aphrodisiac.
Massive chalcopyrite is the principal ore mineral, hosting older euhedral to subhedral pyrite.
Massive challenges lie ahead.
Massive change creates opportunity for massive profits.
Massive change is never easy.
Massive change is on the launching pad, and the countdown has begun.
Massive changes affecting commerce, politics, social values and market forces are well under way.
Massive changes are underway in healthcare.
Massive changes are underway in the area of clinical development.
Massive clouds have centers.
Most massive clouds have centers.
Some massive clouds produce tornado.
Some massive colonies consist of plants.
Massive computations take only seconds.
Massive confusion exists, even among professionals, about the different kinds of resolution.
Massive confusion surrounds the future, and people are still trying to make sense of it all.
Massive corruption is possible in privatizing telephones, electricity, oil products, etc.
Massive craters hem the flattened site.
Some massive creatures have wings.
Massive dams are much more than simply machines to generate electricity and store water.
Massive damage is obvious on secondary school and faculty buildings in that part of the town.
Massive damage leads to cell death.
Massive databases motivate the creation of new ways to visualize such data.
Massive decks overlook the lake, near skiing and more.
Massive deficits destabilize the economy, leading to calls for government to stabilize it.
Massive deforestation does occur.
Massive deforestation leads to increased carbon dioxide emissions into the atmosphere.
Massive dehydration is already so completely underway that death is nigh.
Massive destruction is evident.
Massive doses can cause liver and kidney damage.
Massive earthquakes cause damage.
Most massive earthquakes cause damage.
Some massive earthquakes cause death.
Some massive earthquakes have ability.
Massive enlargement makes exposure of the splenic ligaments and vessels much more difficult.
More massive excavations are to take place under Texas.
Massive expenditures obscure the evidence of bad judgments.
Massive explosions have effects.
Most massive explosions have effects.
Massive exports place Taiwan up front on the global telecom stage.
Massive fire destroys the closed textile mill buildings at the site.
Massive fires have negative impacts on wildlife habitat and fisheries.
Massive floods occur about once every thousand years.
Massive forms are common and difficult to distinguish from massive garnet.
Some massive forms have mural pores - communication holes in the corallite walls.
Massive funding is needed for rebuilding lost homes and possessions.
Massive galaxies can also act as gravitational lenses.
More massive galaxies have more gravity so their stars are accelerated to faster orbital speeds.
More massive galaxies have more massive BHs.
More massive galaxies have stronger gravitational forces.
Massive gates open off the streets into the khans, or inns.
Massive government controls.
Massive granite outcrops dominate landscape.
Massive haemorrhage can lead to coma and death within minutes.
Massive head is supported by strong ligament, indicated by hump on back of neck.
Massive headlamps are fitting mates for the imposing vertical-bar grille.
Massive heat sink for cooler operation gives longer component life.
Massive hemoptysis is an indication for lung resection.
Massive hemorrhage is necessary to bring the deer down quickly.
Massive ice falls calve frequently into the Copper River.
Massive ice is noticeably absent, although the sediments are ice rich.
Massive iceberg peels off from Antarctic ice shelf.
Some massive infection occurs in animals.
Some massive infection occurs in young animals.
Massive infestation is therefore fortunately rare.
Massive investment is required to ensure every single room is consistently fault-free.
Some massive labels come to the country.
Massive landslides can also generate megatsunamis, which are usually hundreds of metres high.
Massive landslides can also generate mega-tsunamis.
Massive landslides can also generate tsunamis.
Massive layoffs cause civil disturbances and unrest.
Massive layoffs continue.
Massive layoffs reflect bad management decisions.
Massive liposuction can be dangerous by itself.
Massive markets present new challenges, both in the productive and commercial areas.
Massive material is found associated with the notable bannisterite assemblage.
Massive migration takes places.
Most massive migration takes places.
Massive minerals are compact and individual grains are microscopic.
Massive muscles tend to limit breathing volume.
Massive neutrinos can experience interesting quantum mechanical phenomena.
Massive nobility bombshell right there, baby.
Massive objects distort space-time and bend worldlines.
Any massive object creates a gravitational field around it.
More massive objects accelerate less than smaller objects given an identical force.
More massive objects have a stronger gravitational field.
Massive occurrences are also common.
Massive osteolysis is rare, peculiar, and enigmatic.
Some massive outbreaks affect size.
Massive paintings promoting candidates in the fray almost look like banners.
Massive parallelism is a model for democracy.
Massive particles produce gravity.
Massive peaks surround the desert.
Massive planets can cause slight tidal distortions to their host stars.
More massive planets cool more slowly than less massive planets.
More massive planets have more gravity, so they cause more wobble.
Massive plasmapheresis has only a transient effect.
Massive pollution demands it now.
Massive population explosions have effects.
Massive portfolios overwhelm the reviewer.
Massive power enables the application of evolutionary hardware and software design techniques.
Massive price cuts across the board.
Massive problems continue, of course.
Massive projects depend on alternate forms of financing.
Massive quake rocks Taiwan.
Massive ramparts enclose Avignon, making it one of the most fascinating towns in southern France.
Massive resources abound here.
Massive retaliation is a deliberate first-use policy and a clear one.
Massive rocks rise out of the water through the swells.
Massive roots make massive harvest.
Massive searches turn up nothing, and the case of their disappearance is declared unsolved.
Massive sediment flows from large rivers inhibit reef growth in most areas.
Massive snow capped peaks surround the basin views.
Massive snowstorms affect nations.
Most massive snowstorms affect nations.
Massive stars are excessive in all ways.
Massive stars are hazardous to planets forming around nearby lower-mass stars.
Massive stars become hot enough in the core to fuse carbon.
Massive stars blaze brightly on the hot, blue end of the main sequence.
Massive stars burn brighter than smaller, dimmer ones.
Massive stars consume their fuel very rapidly and are short-lived.
Massive stars dominate their environment by their strong and energetic radiation field.
Massive stars end their lives in spectacular explosions known as supernovas.
Massive stars evolve quicker than light stars.
Massive stars explodes after only a few ten million years as enormously energetic supernovae.
Massive stars form at the densest regions of the molecular cloud complex.
Massive stars form in clusters within self-gravitating molecular clouds.
Massive stars go to the upper left.
Massive stars have higher core temperatures that burn faster than low mass stars that burn slower.
Massive stars have higher opacity a.
Massive stars ionize their natal environments with an enormous output of ionizing UV radiation.
Massive stars radiate ultraviolet light, which causes hydrogen gas to fluoresce red.
Massive stars reaching the end of their life can explode violently.
More massive star reaches out further, has the largest lobe.
More massive stars are hotter and brighter.
More massive stars are in general more luminous.
More massive stars are more luminous and have hotter surfaces.
More massive stars become luminous giant starts.
More massive stars burn their fuel faster and live shorter.
More massive stars can burn the heavier elements produced by the helium burning stage, and so on.
More massive stars can lose mass spectacularly as supernovae.
More massive stars evolve faster.
More massive stars go through each stage far more rapidly than less massive ones.
More massive stars have More Fuel.
More massive stars have somewhat more fuel but are burning it much faster.
More massive stars have the ability to evolve farther than their low mass brethren.
More massive stars live a shorter lifetime on the main sequence than lower mass stars.
More massive stars share a more dramatic fate.
More massive stars spend less time in the starbirth process.
More massive stars tend to burn hotter and faster.
More massive stars undergo the whole process much more rapidly than lower mass stars.
More massive stars use their fuel and evolve first.
More massive stars use their fuel at a Much Higher Rate.
Massive steles stand at the gate opening and one is a decorated stone with a bull-faced warrior .
Massive stones laid in cement complete the base up to six feet below the grade.
Massive storks fly overhead with branches to make nests for their newborn.
Massive structure can occur in some loams or clayey soils.
Massive sulfide chimneys with multiple spires at the tops.
Massive sulfides consist predominantly of massive pyrrhotite and vuggy pyrite.
Massive systems can even exhibit relativistic effects.
Massive tannins obscure all but the basic jammy fruit aspects.
Massive tears compromise the subscapularis and weaken internal rotation.
Massive thrombocytosis is noted as is variation in platelet size and a giant platelet.
Massive time is lost with paper processes today.
Massive towers stretch into the sky and men wearing orange tunics traverse the walls.
Massive tsunamis hit shorelines.
Massive unemployment grips the people as communism moves out and market economies move in.
Massive unemployment is a common phenomenon in Africa.
Massive unemployment persists.
Massive units appear as on bulky rock layer with no clearly defined horizontal bedding.
Massive units appear as one bulky rock layer with no clearly defined horizontal bedding.
Massive volcanoes explode all around the Earth.
Massive walls defend it from street noise.
Massive walls moderate temperature year-round.
Massive warship needs several dives to explore.
Massive waves thunder into the cliffs, and foam nearly reaches the stronghold.
Some massive waves destroy civilizations.
Massive Web is community minded.
Massive white dwarfs have radii.
Massive windows look out onto redwood decking leading to the wedding garden.
Massive wingspan can force defenders to the outside.
Massless organisms can escape gravity's well easily, and traverse the solar system in mere hours.
Massless particles have zero rest mass.
Massy studies designs to keep up with print publication trends.
Mast bend is the maximum distance between the halyard and the mast.
A mast cell is a vegetative cell
Mast cell is present in the blood smear of a dog with cutaneous neoplasms.
Mast cells are a kind of blood cell.
Mast cells are a non-circulating counterpart to the basophil.
Mast cells are a population of cells in the skin which are closely associated with blood cells.
Mast cells are a type of innate immune cell in connective tissue and the mucous membranes .
Mast cells are a type of innate immune cell in connective tissue and the mucous membranes.
Mast cells are abundant in the skin, eyes, nose, mouth and lungs.
Mast cells are active participants in immune reactions against foreign substances.
Mast cells are all over the place within our skin, and basophils circulate within our bloodstream.
Mast cells are almost identical to basophils.
Mast cells are cells which help to mediate the immune system of man and animals.
Mast cells are fragile, granular cells that can rupture during tissue preparation and staining.
Mast cells are granule-containing cells in tissue.
Mast cells are important mediators of certain allergic reactions.
Mast cells are indigenous cells in the body's connective tissues and arise from the bone marrow.
Mast cells are instrumental in resistance to some other intestinal helminthiases.
Mast cells are normal cells in the body that serve a normal defense mechanism.
Mast cells are normal constituents of bone marrow.
Mast cells are part of connective tissue.
Mast cells are plentiful in the lungs, skin, tongue, and linings of the nose and intestinal tract.
Mast cells are present in tissues.
Mast cells are responsible for many of the symptoms of allergy.
Mast cells are somatic cells.
Mast cells are tissue cells that are present in almost all organs.
Mast cells are tissue-resident granule containing cells with IgE receptors.
Mast cells can degranulate by other signals.
Mast cells degranulate as a result of physical, chemical, pharmacological and immunological stimuli.
Mast cells disrupt epithelial barrier function during enteric nematode infection.
Mast cells express connexins on their cytoplasmic membrane.
Mast cells function to promote an inflammatory response to things the cells perceive as foreign.
Mast cells have high affinity IgE receptors.
Mast cells have IgE receptors on their surface.
Mast cells have many granules rich in histamine and heparin .
Mast cells have many granules rich in histamine and heparin.
Mast cells live in the lungs, skin, tongue, and mucosal linings of the body.
Mast cells make a chemical called histamine.
Mast cells make a substance called histamine.
Mast cells migrate from blood to brain.
Mast cells participate in allergic and inflammatory reactions in the body's tissues.
Mast cells play a central role in the pathophysiology of urticaria.
Mast cells play an important protective role  in wound healing and defence against pathogens.
Mast cells play an important protective role in wound healing and defence against pathogens .
Mast cells play an important role in the body's allergic response.
Mast cells play an important role in the body's immune response.
Mast cells play an important role in the self-defence of the human body.
Mast cells produce a chemotactic factor for eosinophils.
Mast cells produce histamine and other signal molecules.
Mast cells release histamine and all sorts of inflammation-promoting substances.
Mast cells release histamine and heparin, chemicals which mediate allergic reactions.
Mast cells release histamine and heparin.
Mast cells release the histamine.
Mast cells release three sets of mediators with dramatic, immediate, local and systemic effects.
Mast cells reside in tissues while basophils are found in the blood.
Mast cells seem to have other roles as well.
Mast cells stain strongly metachromatic with toluidine blue as shown below.
Some mast cells are part of alsatians.
Some mast cells are part of ankles.
Some mast cells are part of arms.
Some mast cells are part of backbones.
Some mast cells are part of backs.
Some mast cells are part of beagles.
Some mast cells are part of bones.
Some mast cells are part of bridges.
Some mast cells are part of bulldogs.
Some mast cells are part of bullocks.
Some mast cells are part of chests.
Some mast cells are part of chicks.
Some mast cells are part of cochleas.
Some mast cells are part of craniums.
Some mast cells are part of cygnets.
Some mast cells are part of diaphragms.
Some mast cells are part of doggies.
Some mast cells are part of dogs.
Some mast cells are part of ducklings.
Some mast cells are part of endoskeletons.
Some mast cells are part of esophagi.
Some mast cells are part of fangs.
Some mast cells are part of fawns.
Some mast cells are part of fingers.
Some mast cells are part of fishbones.
Some mast cells are part of foxhounds.
Some mast cells are part of heads.
Some mast cells are part of hounds.
Some mast cells are part of incisors.
Some mast cells are part of jaws.
Some mast cells are part of knees.
Some mast cells are part of laps.
Some mast cells are part of legs.
Some mast cells are part of ligaments.
Some mast cells are part of mandibles.
Some mast cells are part of marrow.
Some mast cells are part of molars.
Some mast cells are part of necks.
Some mast cells are part of noses.
Some mast cells are part of notochords.
Some mast cells are part of partridges.
Some mast cells are part of pelves.
Some mast cells are part of penises.
Some mast cells are part of poodles.
Some mast cells are part of proboscises.
Some mast cells are part of puppies.
Some mast cells are part of shinbones.
Some mast cells are part of skin.
Some mast cells are part of skulls.
Some mast cells are part of snouts.
Some mast cells are part of spines.
Some mast cells are part of sterna.
Some mast cells are part of studs.
Some mast cells are part of teeth.
Some mast cells are part of tendons.
Some mast cells are part of thighs.
Some mast cells are part of thumbs.
Some mast cells are part of toes.
Some mast cells are part of toms.
Some mast cells are part of tusks.
Some mast cells are part of vertebrae.
Some mast cells are part of wishbones.
Some mast cells are part of wrists.
Mast mate works fine.
Mast partner needs repair work.
Mast pole is level in all directions.
Mast producers are most effective if retained in groups or stands.
Mast rake is measured from top of mast to the centre of the transom.
Mast rotation can also change the amount of bend.
Mast step is on deck, but mast is missing.
Mast steps are usually wood based, and they rot or deteriorate.
Mast taper is proportionally similar to original.
All mast wiring is run through a mast conduit.
A mast is a spar
MAST also work well for hip and pelvic fractures.
MAST also works at promoting interest in the business community.
MAST appreciates the importance of the many issues under consideration.
MAST can only search protein databases with protein motifs and DNA databases with DNA motifs.
Mast isa pole.
MAST now computes p-values for sequences when searching large databases.
MAST now holds, or provides links to, various missions or projects.
Masts are feed.
Masts are located in sailing ships.
Masts are located in ships.
Masts are long, heavy, awkward objects.
Masts are more difficult.
Masts are nuts.
Masts are part of sailboats.
Masts are part of sailing vessels.
Masts are poles.
Masts are spars.
Masts are thick with black corals, soft corals and tubastraea trees.
Masts are used for boats.
Masts are used for climbing.
Masts are used for sailboats.
Masts are used for sailing.
Masts are used for sails.
Masts are used for ships.
Masts are yellow cedar.
Masts break down into two pieces for easy storage in sail bag.
Masts constructed with the ring or criss-cross carbon alignments are easier and cheaper to build.
Masts creak and sink as well.
Masts have (part) sections.
All masts are in good condition unless otherwise noted.
All masts twist to a certain degree, which is usually regarded as a disadvantage.
Most masts are part of sailboats.
Some masts have an external sail track.
Some masts have output.
Some masts have reproductive output.
A mastaba is a tomb
Mastaba are structures with flat roofs, and normally built from mudbrick or stone.
Mastectomy involves emotional loss as well as physical loss.
Mastectomy is a disfiguring procedure.
Mastectomy is a general term for removal of the breast.
Mastectomy is a traumatic procedure usually requiring post-surgery medical care.
Mastectomy is a very good choice.
Mastectomy is ablation
Mastectomy is ablation.
Mastectomy is as effective as breast conserving treatment that includes radiation therapy.
Mastectomy is indicated for patients with large lesions.
Mastectomy is indicated if there are multiple tumors.
Mastectomy is only half of the procedure.
Mastectomy is painful.
Mastectomy is removal of the entire breast.
Mastectomy is surgical removals.
Mastectomy is the only acceptable treatment.
Mastectomy is the removal of the entire breast, done in most cases for breast cancer.
Mastectomy is the removal of the entire breast.
Mastectomy is the surgical removal of all or part of a woman s breast.
Mastectomy is the surgical removal of all or part of a woman's breast.
Mastectomy is usually the surgery of choice.
Mastectomy removes all or part of the breast and possibly nearby structures.
Mastectomy removes much of the breast tissue.
Master bathroom is marble tiled and has a shower stall and jacuzzi bath tub.
Master bathroom offers jacuzzi tub and standup shower.
A master bedroom is a bedroom
Master bedrooms are bedrooms.
Master bedrooms are defined as main bedrooms.
Master bedrooms are located in big houses.
Master bedrooms are located in large houses.
Master bedrooms are used for privacies.
Master bedrooms are used for retreatings.
Master bedrooms are used for sex.
Master bedrooms are used for sleep.
Master bedrooms are used for sleeping.
All master bedrooms feature walk-in closets.
All master bedrooms have a king bed with matching bed drapes, spread and curtains.
All master bedrooms have a king-size bed and can connect to two additional standard guestrooms.
All master bedrooms have their own bathroom, leaving a full second bathroom for guests.
Some master builders have ability.
A master class is a grade
Most master classes are one to two-week sessions.
A master copy is a creation
All master copies come in black and white for easy duplication.
A master cylinder is a chamber
Master cylinder is a dual cylinder.
Some master cylinders are connected by steel tubes.
Some master cylinders are connected by tubes.
Some master degrees enhance employment opportunity.
Some master degrees enhance opportunity.
Most master gardeners recommend digging individual holes for each bulb in a small area.
Master mixes are economical and efficient and require little clean-up during preparation.
Master morality praises strength, creativity, independence, assertiveness, and related traits.
Master morality prizes independence, creativity, and excellence.
Master morality says yes to nature, slave morality says no.
Master number are the only exception to rule of reducing to the single digit.
Masters of Disaster is about advanced towing techniques or the avoidance thereof.
Every master record contains information which permits the system to claim automatically.
Master stations show more enterprise.
Master tapes become part of the library collection.
Master tapes come to sticky end.
Master units are feet.
A master is an artist
Master copies with rights to duplicate are also available.
Master isa artist.
Masters abstracts .
Masters also crafts a handmade sleeping bag of waterproof canvas, tucked over a small mattress.
Masters also standardize the formatting of date, footer and slide numbering information.
Masters also update faculty on developments in their fields.
Masters are a sort of junior justice.
Masters are always masters and only masters, slaves are always slaves and only slaves.
Masters are always self- sustaining.
Masters are always self-sustaining.
Masters are authority.
Masters are available for licensing.
Masters are available in digital, film, and repro formats.
Masters are books.
Masters are careful about portion sizes.
Masters are creations.
Masters are eligible for one award.
Masters are employers.
Masters are experts who follow the production line from load station to final checkpoint.
Masters are few, slaves are many.
Masters are human being.
Masters are human beings.
Masters are in control, responding to change easily.
Masters are now available for photocopying in primary and junior secondary format.
Masters are officers.
Masters are people who use what they have.
Masters are people.
Masters are scholars.
Masters are to treat their servants with justice and fairness.
Masters are under no cosmic compulsion to limit their residence.
Masters assume roles.
Masters beam the dream as a broadcasting signal, no matter what conditions appear to be real.
Masters can also perform technical tasks at a novice level when they completely lack tools.
Masters can differ widely on their approaches to fencing.
Masters can reduce dramatically the time to resolve pretrial disputes.
Masters Click the button for the program's description and registration information.
Masters complete tasks without supervision due to developed skills.
Masters contains links to other Web sites.
Masters degree a plus.
Masters degrees The university offers a wide range of masters degrees that vary in structure.
Masters delivers some deep truths with a caring touch.
Masters do cry.
Masters do get angry.
Masters eat consistently.
Masters Enter description here.
Masters has a product that works.
Masters has almost no minor characters.
Masters has an extensive background in sports and entertainment marketing and public relations.
Masters has no ovaries or uteris, and accordingly, can neither bear children nor menstruate.
Masters have (part) arms.
Masters have (part) body substances.
Masters have (part) cell membranes.
Masters have (part) cells.
Masters have (part) corpi.
Masters have (part) cytoplasm.
Masters have (part) heads.
Masters have (part) human bodies.
Masters have (part) legs.
Masters have (part) material bodies.
Masters have (part) necks.
Masters have (part) nuclei.
Masters have (part) personality.
Masters have (part) plasma membranes.
Masters have (part) sections.
Masters have (part) vacuoles.
Masters have advantage.
Masters have no reason to spellcheck.
Masters have several advantage.
Masters have the ability to request the bus and put addresses on the bus.
Masters hear certain parts of a domestic case.
Masters hire servants.
Masters inform candidates.
Masters is a third-year law student, with extensive tax expertise.
Masters is a transitional figure in American literary history.
Masters is free and open to anyone.
Masters is preferred.
Masters is said to have originated from Gloucestershire, or possibly, Birmingham.
Masters judge and judge certifier.
Masters know that true freedom comes from the release of resistance.
Masters lead activities.
Masters level highly preferred.
Masters level only.
Masters live with their families in houses adjacent to the colleges.
Masters lives with a companion in a suburban home in northwest Houston.
Masters maintain formatting consistency between all slides in a presentation.
Masters make rules and give orders.
Masters manages to present the topics at hand in an excellent way, making it presentable to all.
Masters meet and match.
Masters meets on the local level attract relatively small numbers.
Masters monitor any other station in the system.
Masters plan their meals.
Masters realizes they are a long way off from making that a reality.
Masters remember, whereever they are.
Masters Running offers a unique and professional approach in training for the adult runner.
Masters says pollution is part of the answer.
Masters see benefit and value in everything, and they use all to accomplish the Great Work.
Masters seem to do a good deal of lying to themselves.
Masters serve for designated periods and are responsible to the members or hunt committee.
Masters share a common thread throughout the history of civilization.
Masters skills with repetition over time.
Masters still faces civil claims filed by neighbors and, possibly by the state forestry division.
Masters still has quite a bit left from that care package delivered last spring.
Masters summon their Servants at the start of each ritual.
Masters supervise operations.
Masters swim and dive programs available.
Masters take home hardware.
Masters teach by who they are.
Masters teach only part-time.
Masters tend to dress simply, and have no distinctive uniform, speech or rune.
Masters tend to have to be more rigid with their submissive or slaves.
Masters theses and doctoral dissertations from the GSSW students are available in print form.
Masters theses and doctoral dissertations fulfill program requirements.
Masters theses represented are selective.
Masters understand power.
Masters watch the sparring competition while waiting for the Forms Grand Championship to begin.
Masters wear common clothes concealing the precious jewel within.
Masters wear gold capes and chapeaux.
Masters welcome and face fears, for they are opportunities for growth.
Masters work in Spanish at California-Sacramento.
Masters work is part of a mural of city street scenes.
Masters often ignore the panorama of the world's ado, out of focus till centered in the ages.
Every master can support up to seven active slaves.
Every master has one or two humbling stories to tell.
Many masters are the same way.
Many masters are unable to support the success of their theories with real-life examples.
Many masters even let their slaves roam freely during the celebration.
Many Masters have problems fighting preconceived ideas about all religions.
Many Masters stand ready to give guidance to all of humanity who seek it.
More masters equals more students.
Most masters assume roles.
Most masters choose to row in their age category.
Most Masters enjoy swimming with their teams during practice.
Most masters have advantage.
Most masters have criminal records and a propensity for violence.
Most masters have several advantage.
Most masters hire servants.
Most masters inform candidates.
Most masters lead activities.
Most masters make their own.
Most masters prefer for their slaves to stay ignorant.
Most masters supervise operations.
Most masters swim their workouts within their comfort zone, ignoring the interval rest times.
Most masters understand power.
Some masters are below the level of the intelligent being.
Some masters become like a mirror to light.
Some masters become teachers.
Some masters cause problems.
Some masters deal with servants.
Some masters demand jobs.
Some masters discover sports.
Some masters enjoy freedom.
Some masters express truth.
Some masters give advice.
Some masters grasp hands.
Some Masters have to do much traveling or observe long periods of solitude.
Some masters hold slaves.
Some masters leave female slaves.
Some masters leave slaves.
Some masters negotiate other activities.
Some masters receive rewards.
Some Masters say that they can even sleep in the crowd, once they get used to it.
Some masters serve purposes.
Masterful architecture placed in a garden setting provides ideal facilities.
Masterful dialogue combines with a true story flair.
Masterful drama follows mid-level gangsters through three decades of crime.
Masterful leaders are more like gardeners than mechanics.
Masterful musicians accompany original short films by local and national filmmakers.
Masterful publicity is no accident.
Masterful writing is an artform that takes an entire lifetime to achieve.
Most mastering houses are more expensive than most recording studios.
Masterings are education.
Masterings are recordings.
Most mastermind groups meet regularly, whether it's daily, weekly, or monthly.
A mastermind is an intellectual
Mastermind also admits meaningful modifications.
Mastermind is a fun game of logic that many people have played as a child.
Mastermind is a game of deduction.
Mastermind is a game of deductive logic.
Mastermind is a game played by two players, the codemaker and the codebreaker.
Mastermind is a very simple game.
Mastermind is an adaptation of the popular game for colored pegs.
Mastermind is an awesome game.
Mastermind is excellent.
Mastermind is no exception.
Mastermind Play a game of mastermind.
Mastermind relates to the language and body of mathematics in other respects too.
Masterminds are albums.
Masterminds are games.
Masterminds are people.
A masterpiece is work
Masterpieces are accomplishment.
Masterpieces are conceptual work.
Masterpieces are particularly great food-related images.
Masterpieces are ready to be picked up in just a few days.
Masterpieces are the work of humans.
Masterpieces are work.
Masterpieces come and go, unknown to contemporary artists and unrecorded for posterity.
All Masterpiece models features powerful software click on the logo for more information.
Masters athletes come from all backgrounds.
Masters degree is a plus.
Masters degree is a strong plus.
Masters degree is desirable.
Masters degree is desired.
Masters degree is preferred.
Masters degree is required.
Masters degree required, doctorate highly desirable.
Masters degree requires additional clinical preceptorships.
Masters degrees are also available in business and education.
Masters degrees are also available.
Masters degrees are available in the United States only.
Masters degrees are graduate degrees.
Masters degrees are something alltogether different.
Masters degrees consist of papers or a thesis or a combination of both.
Masters degrees require a specific program of research under appropriate supervision.
Masters records are sacred.
Masters theses are available for searching by the general public.
Masters track is a family sport.
Masters track is perpetually underfunded.
A mastership is a skill
Mastership is a voluntary credentialing process whereby candidates earn their awards.
Mastership is for everyone.
Masterships are positions.
Masterships are skills.
A masterwort is a herb
Masterwort is a perennial herb sometimes called angelica, ground ash and archangel.
Mastery learning involves whole group instruction.
Mastery learning is at the heart of many individualized instruction programs.
Mastery learning is enhanced through transcending classroom limits of time and content.
Masteries now list chance of a Critical Strike.
Mastery also includes an increasing facility in translating each mode of learning into the other.
Mastery Approach to education - why does it matter when they become competent.
Mastery begets mastery.
Mastery brings a sense of accomplishment and confidence.
Mastery builds a positive self-concept.
Mastery can approach that.
Mastery can take minutes or hours or days.
Mastery can take minutes, hours or days.
Mastery comes from honest effort in our daily lives.
Mastery comes only with trial and error.
Mastery comes with hard work and practice.
Mastery depends on training.
Mastery embodies a commitment to excellence in everything one does.
Mastery has a long history in various forms of education.
Mastery has the most powerful and flexible customization package available.
Mastery here is partial, irregular and often ineffective.
Mastery involves more than memorization.
Mastery is a board game of skill and strategy for two players.
Mastery is a business development consulting program for growth and development.
Mastery is accomplished through repetitive play.
Mastery is achieved and goals are met.
Mastery is achieved in a much shorter period of time.
Mastery is also an important skill to have at work.
Mastery is attainable for everyone.
Mastery is based on achieving competencies and benchmarks.
Mastery is built into the program.
Mastery is crucial.
Mastery is demonstrated by significant achievement on tests, exams, and the question books.
Mastery is domination.
Mastery is elusive.
Mastery is essential.
Mastery is expressed as a rate.
Mastery is important after teaching for understanding.
Mastery is measured by demonstrating proficiencies rather than seat time.
Mastery is monitored through continuous evaluation.
Mastery is never perfect, just as there is no perfect knowledge or wisdom.
Mastery is offered as freeware .
Mastery is one of the keys for demonstrating preparedness, responsibility, competence, etc.
Mastery is perhaps the most commonly recognized form of thinking.
Mastery is promised over the forces of evil.
Mastery is reflected in the use and citation of primary and secondary sources.
Mastery is simply an art of manipulating men and materials to achieve one's goals.
Mastery is skillfulness
Mastery is the ability of distinction.
Mastery is the key here.
Mastery is the magic.
Mastery is the opposite of memorization.
Mastery is to love the plateau.
Mastery is usually reward enough, along with peer and teacher recognition for it.
Mastery is where the fun starts.
Mastery isa skillfulness.
Mastery leads to freedom from the fear of death, which in turn is the freedom to live.
Mastery means the ability to complete a set of problems accurately within a specified time frame.
Mastery means the ability to respond with correct answers rapidly.
Mastery offers real customization.
Mastery requires an ability to assimilate knowledge quickly and completely.
Mastery requires distributed and incremental learning.
Mastery requires specialization.
Mastery requires the practice which homework provides to the learning process.
Mastery supplies the computer and full administrative software.
Mastery takes a lot of hard work.
Mastery transcends human limitations and false creations.
Mastery always refers to expanded trials except for the first item on the list.
Mastery often passes for egotism.
All mastery begins with learning the basics.
Mastic oil comes from the sap of a rare cousin of the pistachio tree.
Mastic sealant is a strong adhesive compound available at hardware and home stores.
Mastic is cement.
Mastic is filler.
Mastic is natural resin
Mastics also can cost a bit less than thinsets.
Mastics are sticky adhesives that consist of a bonding agent and a carrier.
Mastics provide a greater assurance of an airtight seal.
Some mastics also require rolling the flooring after installation.
Some mastics are available in tubes for use in caulking guns.
Mastication allows digestive enzymes in our saliva to better aid the digestive process.
Mastication ensures a thorough mixing of food with saliva.
Mastication is an action
Mastication is an important step in the process of digestion, especially that of starch.
Mastication is more complex in herbivores than in carnivores.
Mastication occurs in mammals only.
Any mastication occurs in the gizzard.
Masticatory force is greater when hard food is chewed than when soft food is chewed.
Masticatory weakness occurs late.
A mastiff bat is a microbat
Mastiff bats have agouti hair coloring.
A mastiff is a dog
Mastiffs are a lot of work.
Mastiffs are dogs.
Mastiffs are gentle and intelligent guard dogs.
Mastiffs are lazy but lovable.
Mastiffs are prone to bloat, as well as hip and elbow dysplasia.
Mastiffs are wonderful companions.
Mastiffs are wonderful dogs with children.
Mastiffs can be territorial dogs.
Mastiffs come well above the waist of a medium-sized man and have large, powerful jaws.
Mastiffs have a difficult time with change.
Mastiffs have huge heads and slobber a lot.
Mastiffs have massive bulk, powerful jaws and thick skin.
Mastiffs now have a DNA gene test.
Mastiffs respond well to love, praise, and especially treats.
Most mastiffs are generally good with children especially their own.
Mastitis milk is harmful to the nursing pups.
Mastitis severity is defined as clinical or subclinical in individual cases.
A mastitis is a symptom
Mastitis carcasses with inflammatory ventral edema in the perineal area resulting from mastitis.
Mastitis continues to cause heavy economic losses to the U.S. dairy industry.
Mastitis occurs when milk stays stagnant in the breast.
Mastitis reduces milk yields and impairs a cow's ability to reproduce.
Mastitis spoils milk produced by infected cows.
Mastitises are diseases.
Mastitises are inflammation.
A mastocyte is a vegetative cell
Mastocytes are particularly numerous in the connective tissues.
Mastodon ivory handle.
A mastodon is a mammal
Mastodon isa mammal.
Mastodon remains are common in the Midwest.
Mastodons adapt to environments.
Mastodons also seem to have lacked the undercoat characteristic of mammoths.
Mastodons are a much older taxon than mammoths or elephants.
Mastodons are extinct relatives of living elephants.
Mastodons are placental mammals.
Mastodons are the shorter cousins of the woolly mammoth, with which they are often confused.
Mastodons belong to families.
Mastodons eat black ash trees as the last ice age begins to abate.
Mastodons has-part shoulders.
Mastodons has-part teeth.
Mastodons have (part) brains.
Mastodons have (part) breasts.
Mastodons have (part) cell membranes.
Mastodons have (part) cells.
Mastodons have (part) chest cavities.
Mastodons have (part) chests.
Mastodons have (part) corpi.
Mastodons have (part) cytoplasm.
Mastodons have (part) ears.
Mastodons have (part) faces.
Mastodons have (part) heads.
Mastodons have (part) nuclei.
Mastodons have (part) pedal extremities.
Mastodons have (part) piluses.
Mastodons have (part) plasma membranes.
Mastodons have (part) rib cages.
Mastodons have (part) sections.
Mastodons have (part) skulls.
Mastodons have (part) sterna.
Mastodons have (part) vacuoles.
Mastodons have (part) vertebrate feet.
Mastodons have legs.
Mastodons have ranges.
Mastodons have straight tusks.
Mastodons have structures.
Mastodons have teeth.
Mastodons have tusks.
Mastodons live in environments.
Mastodons live in favorable environments.
Mastodons look like day elephants.
Mastodons look like elephants.
Mastodons suffer extinction.
Mastodons suffer local extinction.
Most mastodons adapt to environments.
Most mastodons belong to families.
Most mastodons has-part shoulders.
Most mastodons has-part teeth.
Most mastodons have legs.
Most mastodons have ranges.
Most mastodons have straight tusks.
Most mastodons have structures.
Most mastodons have teeth.
Most mastodons have tusks.
Most mastodons live in environments.
Most mastodons live in favorable environments.
Most mastodons look like day elephants.
Most mastodons look like elephants.
Most mastodons suffer extinction.
Most mastodons suffer local extinction.
Some mastodons appear in regions.
Some mastodons come into existence.
Some mastodons eat vegetation.
Some mastodons has-part molars.
Some mastodons have cones.
Some mastodons have molars.
Some mastodons originate in territory.
Some mastodons require care.
Some mastodons require extensive parental care.
Some mastodons require parental care.
Some mastodons resemble elephants.
Some mastodons thrive in climates.
Some mastodons weigh tons.
A mastoidectomy is ablation
Mastoidectomy is performed if conservative treatment fails.
A mastopexy is an operation
Mastopexy does leave permanent, noticeable scars on the breasts.
Masturbation allows some dissipation of sexual tension before, and to some extent during marriage.
Masturbation also allows a woman to be sexually active when no partner is available.
Masturbation becomes a problem when boys masturbate together.
Masturbation becomes a substitute for healthy friendships or emotional intimacy with others.
Masturbation becomes a substitute for intercourse in marriage.
Masturbation becomes almost universal at puberty with normal surges in hormones and sexual drive.
Masturbation becomes an uncontrollable habit.
Masturbation becomes the enemy of missions.
Masturbation brings self gratification.
Masturbation can be a little, uh, self-involved.
Masturbation can be a radical act in redefining men's relationship to their bodies and to women.
Masturbation can be a sexual addiction.
Masturbation can be also indicate sexual addiction.
Masturbation can be harmful.
Masturbation can become a bit of an obsession with some boys.
Masturbation can become obsessive to some people and, thus, produce a tremendous amount of guilt.
Masturbation can definitely become an addiction.
Masturbation can even help to relieve menstrual cramps.
Masturbation can get really old after six or seven years.
Masturbation can help address an imbalance in sex drive.
Masturbation can involve direct stimulation by the hand to the genitals or other parts of the body.
Masturbation can never bring true satisfaction.
Masturbation can offer more than just producing spunk.
Masturbation can relieve the tension of sexual energy, and even loneliness, temporarily.
Masturbation causes baldness, warts, insanity and impotence.
Masturbation causes ejaculation.
Masturbation causes neither physical or psychological harm.
Masturbation causes orgasm.
Masturbation comes to mind.
Masturbation continues to be common.
Masturbation done in front of an image is lust and a perversion.
Masturbation feels good.
Masturbation has no medical causes.
Masturbation helps a little, but barely.
Masturbation helps people who choose to abstain from sexual intercourse for any reason.
Masturbation inspires creativity.
Masturbation involves stimulating one's own body, usually the genitals, for sexual pleasure.
Masturbation is a bad habit.
Masturbation is a completely normal, healthy activity.
Masturbation is a daily activity for most people.
Masturbation is a form of learning and practice that is known in every culture.
Masturbation is a good way to deal with it.
Masturbation is a healthy and natural part of sexuality.
Masturbation is a normal and safe way to release sexual feelings.
Masturbation is a normal behavior in children.
Masturbation is a normal physiological activity.
Masturbation is a normal, healthy part of life.
Masturbation is a perversion of the sexual act .
Masturbation is a perverted sexual act.
Masturbation is a risk-free sexual activity because no body fluids are shared with a partner.
Masturbation is a strange topic.
Masturbation is a technique used by many young men to increase their level of control.
Masturbation is a violation of the Bible's teachings.
Masturbation is a way to gain sexual self-knowledge.
Masturbation is a weakness, too.
Masturbation is a widespread and frequently occurring experience in both sexes.
Masturbation is absolutely sexual.
Masturbation is almost as big a taboo here as wearing the opposite sex's clothes.
Masturbation is almost exclusively a male activity.
Masturbation is also a healthy way of achieving the same goal.
Masturbation is also a release to young unmarried men.
Masturbation is also an ever-renewable health resource.
Masturbation is an activity that sex researchers and sex therapists believe to be healthy.
Masturbation is an erotic meditation.
Masturbation is an important part of many men's lives.
Masturbation is an individual thing.
Masturbation is another reason.
Masturbation is better than nothing.
Masturbation is both physically and emotionally harmful.
Masturbation is common in both mares and stallions, before and after puberty.
Masturbation is common to both boys and girls.
Masturbation is completely normal and healthy.
Masturbation is considered less likely.
Masturbation is constant.
Masturbation is contentment.
Masturbation is done by males and females of all sexual orientations.
Masturbation is especially hard to talk about.
Masturbation is especially important in keeping a marriage sexually balanced and happy.
Masturbation is fairly commonplace among college students.
Masturbation is freedom.
Masturbation is fun, easy and necessary.
Masturbation is good fun clean safe sex.
Masturbation is good to.
Masturbation is good.
Masturbation is great, good and necessary.
Masturbation is harmful because it can lead to psychological problems in some people.
Masturbation is joy.
Masturbation is just about everyone's original sexuality.
Masturbation is just another form of sex.
Masturbation is just one form of sexual expression.
Masturbation is just one possible choice.
Masturbation is literally an intellectual experience.
Masturbation is more dangerous than smoking .
Masturbation is nature's own way of easing stresses and strains.
Masturbation is no longer a private affair.
Masturbation is no longer that which exasperates the security of the real.
Masturbation is normal human activity.
Masturbation is normal, and most children fondle their genitals.
Masturbation is of special concern to parents and providers.
Masturbation is often a healthy and safe way to express oneself sexually.
Masturbation is often the first way a person experiences sexual pleasure.
Masturbation is often the first way a person knows sexual pleasure.
Masturbation is one of nature's most wonderful methods of detoxification.
Masturbation is one of the safest sexual activities.
Masturbation is one way people express their sexuality, and it is a normal part of growing up.
Masturbation is our first natural sexual activity.
Masturbation is practiced by virtually all males and most females.
Masturbation is presented as a normal phenomenon of adolescence.
Masturbation is private behavior and young people have a right to privacy.
Masturbation is quite common in preschool and kindergarten children.
Masturbation is real sex.
Masturbation is really what it's all about.
Masturbation is restricted almost exclusively to males.
Masturbation is safe as long as there is no exchange of body fluids.
Masturbation is self-centered.
Masturbation is self-stimulation by touching the genitals to produce an orgasm.
Masturbation is self-stimulation for sexual pleasure.
Masturbation is sex on the Net.
Masturbation is sex
Masturbation is sex.
Masturbation is sexual activities.
Masturbation is shown frequently.
Masturbation is still largely in the closet.
Masturbation is suggested.
Masturbation is supposed to be a private thing.
Masturbation is the best feeling in the world.
Masturbation is the experience of sexual orgasm produced by self-stimulation.
Masturbation is the favorite pastime of most men and lots of women around the globe.
Masturbation is the most practiced and least discussed sex act.
Masturbation is the original cheap thrill.
Masturbation is the self stimulation of the genitals for pleasure or self comfort.
Masturbation is the stimulation of one's own sexual organs to bring about orgasm.
Masturbation is unhealthy and can lead to medical and psychological problems.
Masturbation is unhealthy.
Masturbation is very common during adolescence.
Masturbation is very normal.
Masturbation is way better.
Masturbation is when a person strokes or touches their genitals for pleasure.
Masturbation is widespread throughout mammals for both males and females.
Masturbation is, after all, a normal behavior for most children.
Masturbation is, in effect, the political ground on which Whitman tests the theory of democracy.
Masturbation leads to nervous breakdown.
Masturbation lessens our sexual dependency on our spouse.
Masturbation occurs more often when they are sleepy, bored, watching television, or under stress.
Masturbation occurs throughout puberty previous to any relationship.
Masturbation offers a sexual outlet when there is no partner in a person's life.
Masturbation orgasms for women and teen girls who have sex themselves are orgasms from masturbation.
Masturbation orgasms for women and teen girls who masturbate themselves are orgasms from blowjobs.
Masturbation prepares the mind and body for sex.
Masturbation prohibits procreation.
Masturbation remains the missing link in our understanding of human sexuality.
Masturbation requires one to fantasize and to lust, therefore sin is involved.
Masturbation seems to fit here.
Masturbation seems to have no effect at all.
Masturbation serves no purpose but to make the masturbator feel good.
Masturbation stunts the growth.
Masturbation tends to peak when children are between the ages of three and five.
Masturbation together is a great feeling but being husband and husband is another story altogether.
Masturbation too is holy.
Masturbation when done with the express purpose of birth control is anti-life.
Masturbation usually occurs during, or shortly after, voyeuristic activities.
Some masturbation does no harm.
A masturbator is a person
Masturbators are as slippery as they are deviant.
Mat board is nonrecyclable, so reusing mats helps save the environment and money.
A mat is a covering
Mat isa artifact.
Mat making is popular since the leaves are available and there is both local and urban demand.
Mat making is still an important craft that supplements local income.
Mat photos with colored and printed paper.
Mat rides motocross for fun, and is a student of racing in general.
Mat rolls up and closes like a sleeping bag.
Mat rolls vertically.
Mat work well for gel-coated parts that require high quality finish.
Mats also add depth, especially when adding more than one.
Mats are a durable alternative often used in spot applications around machinery and work situations.
Mats are a problem for many photographers.
Mats are available either plain or with embroidered emblem.
Mats are available in a variety of sizes to suit the customer's needs.
Mats are better than building insulation.
Mats are difficult to move carts on and keep clean and are fairly expensive.
Mats are durable, lightweight and easy to wipe clean.
Mats are embroidered with the same name or message on both front mats.
Mats are flats.
Mats are for tumbling, pencil rolls, etc.
Mats are form-stable and sufficiently rigid.
Mats are generally one size larger than the print.
Mats are less bulky and usually fit nicely inside a dog house.
Mats are less bulky and usually fit nicely into a corner or inside a crate .
Mats are less bulky and usually fit nicely into a corner or inside a crate.
Mats are lightweight and durable and are machine washable.
Mats are located in bathrooms.
Mats are located in doorways.
Mats are located in floors.
Mats are located in frames.
Mats are located in gyms.
Mats are located in houses.
Mats are located in living rooms.
Mats are located in schools.
Mats are located in stores.
Mats are machine washable.
Mats are made from sirips of the same.
Mats are manufactured in standard lengths or factory-made to custom sizes.
Mats are mass.
Mats are mounting.
Mats are museum quality with a hand cut V-groove.
Mats are pads.
Mats are Patent pending.
Mats are resilient, non-skid, waterproof, long lasting and cost effective.
Mats are rivers.
Mats are sports equipment.
Mats are the most useful and basic item of property in Fijian culture.
Mats are used for exercises.
Mats are used for judos.
Mats are used for picture frames.
Mats are used for sleep.
Mats can grow back quickly.
Mats can interfere with the establishment of seedlings of other vegetation.
Mats come in different sizes to fit all trees.
Mats come in two different sizes.
Mats come on our quality vinyl backing.
Mats cost an incredible amount of money, as do most art materials.
Mats cover areas.
Mats cover floors.
Mats cover forest floors.
Mats cover surfaces.
Mats have (part) sections.
Mats have an anti slide surface for a great night sleep.
Mats hold all disinfectant, very strong rubber backing with cotton pile.
Mats hold water and lower body temperature.
Mats hopes to receive any reports soon.
Mats lie completely flat and can be rolled up for ease of storage.
Mats loves the freighters, the cruise ships, the abandoned oil rigs named for women.
Mats placed under the equipment are necessary to prevent injury.
Mats protect the floor in front of the tub as warm water streams from the water tank with shower.
Mats reduce dusting, too, and keep clothes, drapes, and upholstery cleaner.
Mats remove in seconds for easy cleaning.
Mats show half of a design.
Mats tend to be good insulators, so they are warm in the winter and cool in the summer.
Mats often form around the tops of aquatic plants.
Mats sometimes break off to form floating islands.
All mats are archival.
All mats are available for a small weekly rental fee and are changed weekly.
All mats are available, subject to prior sale.
All mats are rubber-backed and feature highly durable nylon twist pyle.
All mats are white and cut with flawless perfection.
All mats fit widely available standard-size frames .
All mats have an outer mat of a soft, flecked ivory color.
All mats have an upper, or outer, mat of a soft, flecked ivor y color.
Every mat has a visual score clock.
Most mats come in a variety of layouts including the standard freestyle and international layouts.
Most mats cover floors.
Most mats cover forest floors.
Most mats cover surfaces.
Most mats have unique animal cutouts.
Some mat stay longer as counselors or staff members.
Some mats are beyond the point of repair.
Some mats contain electric elements.
Some mats contain electric heat elements.
Some mats contain elements.
Some mats contain fiber.
Some mats contain heat elements.
Some mats contain mussels.
Some mats emit heat.
Some mats encourage growth.
Some mats enhance potential.
Some mats float on surfaces.
Some mats look like carpets.
Some mats produce gases.
Some mats protect seedlings.
Some mats remove dirt.
Match clients have interesting stories.
Match clients refer coworkers, friends and family members.
A match game is a match
Match games are in their own section near the end of the book, again given chronologically.
Match play follows an instructional session, and players of all skill levels are welcome.
Match play has a chance.
Match play has a whole different energy.
Match play has become the ugly relative no one wants to talk about.
Match play is a tremendously fun game to play.
Match play is arranged between class members by their ability or through established handicaps.
Match play is competition hole by hole.
Match play is different than medal play.
Match play is golf
Match play is golf.
Match play is introduced through rookie nets tournaments.
Match play is just more compelling.
Match play is risky business.
Match play means that each hole counts for a single point.
Match play tends to obscure from view the severity of a course.
